
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                              July 20, 2001 Friday

Keeping pace with cable consolidation

BYLINE: by Gloria Tristani

SECTION: JUDGEMENT CALLS

LENGTH: 215 words

HIGHLIGHT: Federal Communications Commissioner Gloria Tristani in remarks July
13 to the Alliance for Community Media.


The ability to transmit video in digital format is an exciting technical
advance. It allows cable operators to increase the number of channels they
provide to customers.

Whereas analog cable systems use a 6 megahertz path to transmit just a single
video channel, digital cable uses that same bandwidth to transmit up to 12 video
channels. ...

As with interactive television, digital cable could marginalize public,
educational and governmental channels. Sitting among 30 or 40 cable channels,
three or four PEG channels are a reasonable component of cable service and can
be found by people looking for them as well as by channel surfers.

Sitting among hundreds of channels, three or four PEG channels could easily get
lost in the shuffle.

To help avoid this, cable operators should use this increased digital capacity
to renew their commitment to their communities. The Vermont Public Utility
Commission has taken a significant step in this area by requiring its cable
operators to set aside 10% of their broadband capacity for PEG access services.

I am not an expert in cable franchising, but that decision strikes me as good
public policy.  - Federal Communications Commissioner Gloria Tristani in remarks
July 13 to the Alliance for Community Media

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Deal L.L.C.


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

Early Mass. Senate district dubbed 1st gerrymander

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - Just about forever, American politicians have been drawing
odd-shaped election districts in an effort to give one political party an
advantage over another. In 1812, the practice got a name: gerrymandering.

That year, Jeffersonian Republicans passed a bill in the Massachusetts
Legislature to redraw state Senate districts. One district that caught the eye
of opponents snaked around the western edges of Essex County in the northern
part of the state. It was drawn to marginalize candidates from the Federalist
Party.

Massachusetts Gov. Elbridge Gerry signed the bill approving the map, drawing
scorn from a Federalist newspaper editor, who said the sprawling district looked
like a salamander. On March 26, 1812, The Boston Gazette published a cartoon of
the district, dubbing it, "The Gerry-mander," according to the Library of
Congress.

Gerry, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, later served as vice
president under President James Madison.

- Stephen Ohlemacher

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ADVANCE FOR MONDAY, MARCH 31 AND THEREAFTER - This photo taken March
20, 2014 shows a portrait of Massachusetts Gov. Elbridge Gerry hanging in a
hallway at the Statehouse in Boston. For centuries, politicians have been
drawing odd-shaped elections districts in an effort to give one political party
an advantage over another. In 1812, the practice got a name: gerrymandering.
That year, Gov. Gerry signed a bill passed in the Massachusetts legislature to
redraw state Senate district map. (AP Photo/Elise Amendola)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                              May 29, 2012 Tuesday

Domestic violence claims male victims, too

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 340 words


In response to a recent article, "Level of violence in domestic assaults
troubles Fitchburg-area authorities" (May 8), I would like to offer additional
information that may help people in domestic-violence situations.

The article makes the potentially fatal mistake of implying domestic violence is
limited to men perpetrating violence against women, when in reality anyone can
be a victim (or anyone can be a perpetrator). Perpetuating the stereotype of
"woman-only victim" further marginalizes male victims of domestic violence.

Men often don't identify themselves as victims due to stigma. Male victims are
also turned away by agencies charged with assisting survivors of domestic
violence, further revictimizing the survivor of the abuse.

Domestic violence takes on many forms, not just physical. Although most
domestic-violence service agencies identity four types of abuse, the Gay Men's
Domestic Violence Project (GMDVP) out of Boston, which serves all victims of
domestic violence, specifically men, identifies five types of abuse: physical,
sexual, emotional, financial and identity.

GMDVP sites identity abuse as a form of domestic violence among gay, lesbian,
bisexual and transgender victims. In the event the victim is "in the closet," or
not open about her or his sexuality and/or gender identity, the perpetrator may
use this against her or him to hold power over the victim.

There are only two things perpetrators are seeking: power and control. GMDVP
defines domestic violence as "an intentional (consciously or subconsciously) and
methodical pattern of abusive tactics used to gain power and to exert control
over the partner in order to meet the abuser's needs."

The Network/La Red, another Boston-based, lesbian and gay domestic violence
organization adds "to control the thoughts, beliefs, and/or actions of their
partner" to the definition.

For more information, GMDVP's 24-hour hotline is 800-832-1901, or
visitwww.gmdvp.org . The Network/Le Red's 24-hour hot line is 617-742-4911, or
visitwww.tnlr.org .

JOSIAH RICHARDS

Fitchburg

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                              May 28, 2012 Monday

Domestic violence claims male victims, too

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 341 words


In response to a recent article, "Level of violence in domestic assaults
troubles Fitchburg-area authorities" (May 8), I would like to offer additional
information that may help people in domestic violence situations.

The article makes the potentially fatal mistake of implying domestic violence is
limited to men perpetrating violence against women, when in reality anyone can
be a victim (or anyone can be a perpetrator. Perpetuating the stereotype of
"woman-only victim" further marginalizes male victims of domestic violence. Men
often don't identify themselves as victims due to stigma. Male victims are also
turned away by agencies charged with assisting survivors of domestic violence,
further revictimizing the survivor of the abuse.

Domestic violence takes on many forms, not just physical. Although most domestic
violence service agencies identity four types of abuse, the Gay Men's Domestic
Violence Project (GMDVP) out of Boston, which serves all victims of domestic
violence, specifically men, identifies five types of abuse: physical, sexual,
emotional, financial, and identity. GMDVP sites identity abuse as a form of
domestic violence among gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender victims. In the
event the victim is "in the closet," or not open about her or his sexuality
and/or gender identity, the perpetrator may use this against her or him to hold
power over the victim.

There are only two things perpetrators are seeking: power and control. GMDVP
defines domestic violence as "an intentional (consciously or subconsciously) and
methodical pattern of abusive tactics used to gain power and to exert control
over the partner in order to meet the abuser's needs." The Network/La Red,
another Boston-based, lesbian and gay domestic violence organization adds "to
control the thoughts, beliefs, and/or actions of their partner" to the
definition.

For more information, GMDVP's 24-hour hotline is 800-832-1901, or
visitwww.gmdvp.org . The Network/Le Red's 24-hour hot line is 617-742-4911, or
visitwww.tnlr.org .

JOSIAH RICHARDS

Fitchburg

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 2:00 PM GMT

10 reasons why voters are turning to Bernie Sanders;
When we asked our readers who they wanted to see as Democratic candidate, we
were deluged with responses - most of them in favour of Bernie Sanders

BYLINE: James Walsh and Guardian readers

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1407 words


While it's still early days in the primary season, Bernie Sanders' victory over
Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire has raised hopes among his supporters that the
veteran Democratic socialist could be the party's presidential candidate come
November.

Last week, in the wake of the Iowa caucuses, we asked our readers in the US to
tell us who their preferred Democratic candidate would be. We received a
staggering number of responses: over 12,000, in just a few days. The
overwhelming majority told us they were backing Sanders.

Unsurprising, perhaps. Given our readership, it was expected that Sanders would
get a strong showing in such a call-out. But the sheer strength of feeling and
heartfelt responses reminded us of when we asked our readers about another
unlikely candidate: the British Labour party's Jeremy Corbyn.

Readers flocking to Sanders' burgeoning campaign rallies found their way to our
own inboxes. Reading through the thousands of responses, which came from all
States and from people of varied backgrounds and ages, certain phrases and
arguments repeated themselves many times. "He's the last chance to change our
country." "We need a revolution, and he's the only one that offers something
different." He is "authentic", has "integrity" and isn't "owned by Wall Street".

Here are 10 reasons our readers gave for supporting Sanders over Clinton.

1) He's seen as a challenge to the status quo...

What came through loud and clear was the fury at mainstream American politics,
echoing the populist support for (the really rather different) Donald Trump on
the Republican side. Sanders appeals to those who feel the entire democratic
system has broken down.

Sanders is representing my interests. For decades American politics have been a
sham, elections bought and paid for by special interests and corporations. They
have wrecked the environment, caused the biggest financial crisis in history and
are using their deep pockets and for profit agendas to marginalize people's
needs even further.


     ·    Shaz Plunkett, Los Angeles CA


                   2)... whereas Clinton is viewed as more of the same

Clinton paints herself as the pragmatist who gets things done, but after New
Hampshire she may need to further emphasise her progressive credentials if she's
going to win over those turning to Sanders.

I have no grudge with Hillary Clinton, but she had her chance eight years ago.
She is old news, with plenty of controversy, baggage and history that will bring
out Republicans in droves to vote against her.


     ·    Steve Guion, Fairfax, Virginia


                   3) Sanders' consistency is judged a virtue

The phrase 'flip-flopping' may bring back memories of John Kerry's doomed
presidential campaign in 2004, but our readers were keen to attach it to
Clinton. The consistency of Sanders' views was seen as a major plus.

I'm tired of the rich getting richer, and having to work harder for less. I saw
my parents lose so much of their retirement in the Wall Street crash and no one
on Wall Street paid for that. My college education has done me no good but I
still have student loans, and none of my kids were able to attend college
because of the recession. We deserve change in this country, from someone who
has consistently fought that fight.


     ·    Danielle Banz, Monroe, Washington


                   4) They're suspicious of Clinton's ties with Wall Street

Sanders has made plenty of capital - if you'll excuse the pun - from emphasising
Clinton's close ties with Wall Street. It's an attack line we're bound to see
repeated in future debates.

Sanders is the only candidate who prioritizes campaign finance reform. Hillary
Clinton is one of the biggest beneficiaries of our current broken system, and
has no reason to change it. If she wins it will be because of Wall Street money.
I can't vote for that.


     ·    Walker Bragman, East Hampton, New York


                   5) They're demanding 'revolutionary' change...

Clinton has aimed to paint Sanders' pitch to the nation as unrealistic, but
there was a real sense of exhaustion with triangulation and incremental change.

He is the only candidate that is standing for poor and middle income people.
With the constant attacks on our pensions, our unions, our health care, our
public schools, etc, Bernie is the only candidate that is promising to do
something for us: free college, reduction in student loans, health care for all,
etc. In addition, he is honest and is refusing to accept corporate or
billionaire donations to his campaign


     ·    Jannike Johnsen, Washington state


                   6)... and they think it's too late for baby steps

Again echoing Trump's rhetoric, albeit from a very different political
viewpoint, were the readers who felt this is the best chance for a generation to
instigate serious change at the top. What Clinton dismisses as unrealistic,
Sanders voters view as the last chance for America.

Money in politics, income inequality, $15 minimum wage, free college, breaking
up the banks, holding Wall Street accountable, reforming the criminal justice
system: Bernie has vision and is engaging us in the hard work that needs to be
done to achieve this progressive agenda, which the Clinton Democrats have tried
to convince us is impossible. Nothing is impossible if we come together and
demand change. Bernie knows that and the time has come for democratic socialists
to share a our vision for our future that will benefit all Americans.


     ·    Tenaya Wallace, Los Angeles, California


                   7) Climate change is an existential threat

And talking of the urgent need for change, our readers felt no issue is more
stark than that of climate change - and that Sanders is the only candidate
prepared to tackle it.

I believe that climate change is the worst long-term threat we face and that we
must work to combat it by increasing our alternative energy sources.


     ·    Sidney Bennett, Nashville Tennessee


                   8) It's not just about the millenials

We heard from a wide range of Sanders' backers, from teenagers to
octonogenarians. The older voters in particular were keen to emphasise his
popularity across the age spectrum.

For many, this is their first foray into politics, the first time they are
getting behind a candidate. They're excited and horrified as they see "I
campaign politics as usual". The people who admonish them forget what it was
like when they were that age and their zeal and determination helped to bring
about the end of the Vietnam war. And despite what you see on TV or read in the
paper, it isn't only young people supporting Bernie. The media portrays it that
way, but it's much bigger than that. I'm one of Bernie's older supporters. There
are a lot of us too.


     ·    Laura Veralli, New York


                   9) They see him as a conduit for change rather than a miracle
worker

Our readers were keen to emphasise that for Sanders to succeed, it would take a
genuine democratic popular movement and grassroots organisation on a huge scale
- something that needs to happen now in order to maintain the momentum of his
campaign.

Sanders energizes people to get involved. He admits that even as President,
nothing will change if the people of the United States don't get involved to
demand change


     ·    Jill Kapson, Chicago, Illinois


                   10) They're angry as hell

Amid the hope and optimism that Sanders could lead America to a better future,
there was much frustration at the iniquities of the US system and the inability
of generations of leaders - including Obama - to affect any kind of meaningful
change. From NSA surveillance to the bailing out of the banks, Sanders' campaign
is fuelled by plenty of anger.

I became disillusioned with politics watching Nixon go down when I was 16 and
discussing it in civics class. The first vote I ever cast was for Jimmy Carter
two years later - a man whose personal integrity has been evident to this day.
My young hopes and idealism were crushed when he was not reelected. Ever since,
I have been forced to choose the lesser of two evils time and time again.  I am
no fool. I know that his proposals will be extremely hard to bring about. But I
have been waiting all my adult life for another politician with personal
integrity, who walks the talk.


     ·    Debra Vogel, Frederick, Maryland


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      February 12, 2016 Friday 4:40 PM GMT

10 reasons why voters are turning to Bernie Sanders;
When we asked our readers who they wanted to see as Democratic candidate, we
were deluged with responses - most of them in favour of Bernie Sanders

BYLINE: James Walsh and Guardian readers

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1407 words


While it's still early days in the primary season, Bernie Sanders' victory over
Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire has raised hopes among his supporters that the
veteran Democratic socialist could be the party's presidential candidate come
November.

Last week, in the wake of the Iowa caucuses, we asked our readers in the US to
tell us who their preferred Democratic candidate would be. We received a
staggering number of responses: over 12,000, in just a few days. The
overwhelming majority told us they were backing Sanders.

Unsurprising, perhaps. Given our readership, it was expected that Sanders would
get a strong showing in such a call-out. But the sheer strength of feeling and
heartfelt responses reminded us of when we asked our readers about another
unlikely candidate: the British Labour party's Jeremy Corbyn.

Readers flocking to Sanders' burgeoning campaign rallies found their way to our
own inboxes. Reading through the thousands of responses, which came from all
States and from people of varied backgrounds and ages, certain phrases and
arguments repeated themselves many times. "He's the last chance to change our
country." "We need a revolution, and he's the only one that offers something
different." He is "authentic", has "integrity" and isn't "owned by Wall Street".

Here are 10 reasons our readers gave for supporting Sanders over Clinton.

1) He's seen as a challenge to the status quo...

What came through loud and clear was the fury at mainstream American politics,
echoing the populist support for (the really rather different) Donald Trump on
the Republican side. Sanders appeals to those who feel the entire democratic
system has broken down.

Sanders is representing my interests. For decades American politics have been a
sham, elections bought and paid for by special interests and corporations. They
have wrecked the environment, caused the biggest financial crisis in history and
are using their deep pockets and for profit agendas to marginalize people's
needs even further.


     ·    Shaz Plunkett, Los Angeles CA


                   2)... whereas Clinton is viewed as more of the same

Clinton paints herself as the pragmatist who gets things done, but after New
Hampshire she may need to further emphasise her progressive credentials if she's
going to win over those turning to Sanders.

I have no grudge with Hillary Clinton, but she had her chance eight years ago.
She is old news, with plenty of controversy, baggage and history that will bring
out Republicans in droves to vote against her.


     ·    Steve Guion, Fairfax, Virginia


                   3) Sanders' consistency is judged a virtue

The phrase 'flip-flopping' may bring back memories of John Kerry's doomed
presidential campaign in 2004, but our readers were keen to attach it to
Clinton. The consistency of Sanders' views was seen as a major plus.

I'm tired of the rich getting richer, and having to work harder for less. I saw
my parents lose so much of their retirement in the Wall Street crash and no one
on Wall Street paid for that. My college education has done me no good but I
still have student loans, and none of my kids were able to attend college
because of the recession. We deserve change in this country, from someone who
has consistently fought that fight.


     ·    Danielle Banz, Monroe, Washington


                   4) They're suspicious of Clinton's ties with Wall Street

Sanders has made plenty of capital - if you'll excuse the pun - from emphasising
Clinton's close ties with Wall Street. It's an attack line we're bound to see
repeated in future debates.

Sanders is the only candidate who prioritizes campaign finance reform. Hillary
Clinton is one of the biggest beneficiaries of our current broken system, and
has no reason to change it. If she wins it will be because of Wall Street money.
I can't vote for that.


     ·    Walker Bragman, East Hampton, New York


                   5) They're demanding 'revolutionary' change...

Clinton has aimed to paint Sanders' pitch to the nation as unrealistic, but
there was a real sense of exhaustion with triangulation and incremental change.

He is the only candidate that is standing for poor and middle income people.
With the constant attacks on our pensions, our unions, our health care, our
public schools, etc, Bernie is the only candidate that is promising to do
something for us: free college, reduction in student loans, health care for all,
etc. In addition, he is honest and is refusing to accept corporate or
billionaire donations to his campaign


     ·    Jannike Johnsen, Washington state


                   6)... and they think it's too late for baby steps

Again echoing Trump's rhetoric, albeit from a very different political
viewpoint, were the readers who felt this is the best chance for a generation to
instigate serious change at the top. What Clinton dismisses as unrealistic,
Sanders voters view as the last chance for America.

Money in politics, income inequality, $15 minimum wage, free college, breaking
up the banks, holding Wall Street accountable, reforming the criminal justice
system: Bernie has vision and is engaging us in the hard work that needs to be
done to achieve this progressive agenda, which the Clinton Democrats have tried
to convince us is impossible. Nothing is impossible if we come together and
demand change. Bernie knows that and the time has come for democratic socialists
to share a our vision for our future that will benefit all Americans.


     ·    Tenaya Wallace, Los Angeles, California


                   7) Climate change is an existential threat

And talking of the urgent need for change, our readers felt no issue is more
stark than that of climate change - and that Sanders is the only candidate
prepared to tackle it.

I believe that climate change is the worst long-term threat we face and that we
must work to combat it by increasing our alternative energy sources.


     ·    Sidney Bennett, Nashville Tennessee


                   8) It's not just about the millenials

We heard from a wide range of Sanders' backers, from teenagers to
octonogenarians. The older voters in particular were keen to emphasise his
popularity across the age spectrum.

For many, this is their first foray into politics, the first time they are
getting behind a candidate. They're excited and horrified as they see "I
campaign politics as usual". The people who admonish them forget what it was
like when they were that age and their zeal and determination helped to bring
about the end of the Vietnam war. And despite what you see on TV or read in the
paper, it isn't only young people supporting Bernie. The media portrays it that
way, but it's much bigger than that. I'm one of Bernie's older supporters. There
are a lot of us too.


     ·    Laura Veralli, New York


                   9) They see him as a conduit for change rather than a miracle
worker

Our readers were keen to emphasise that for Sanders to succeed, it would take a
genuine democratic popular movement and grassroots organisation on a huge scale
- something that needs to happen now in order to maintain the momentum of his
campaign.

Sanders energizes people to get involved. He admits that even as President,
nothing will change if the people of the United States don't get involved to
demand change


     ·    Jill Kapson, Chicago, Illinois


                   10) They're angry as hell

Amid the hope and optimism that Sanders could lead America to a better future,
there was much frustration at the iniquities of the US system and the inability
of generations of leaders - including Obama - to affect any kind of meaningful
change. From NSA surveillance to the bailing out of the banks, Sanders' campaign
is fuelled by plenty of anger.

I became disillusioned with politics watching Nixon go down when I was 16 and
discussing it in civics class. The first vote I ever cast was for Jimmy Carter
two years later - a man whose personal integrity has been evident to this day.
My young hopes and idealism were crushed when he was not reelected. Ever since,
I have been forced to choose the lesser of two evils time and time again.  I am
no fool. I know that his proposals will be extremely hard to bring about. But I
have been waiting all my adult life for another politician with personal
integrity, who walks the talk.


     ·    Debra Vogel, Frederick, Maryland


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              June 8, 2004 Tuesday

Mourning puts focus on Bush

BYLINE: TIM HARPER, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 907 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Bush must face up to legend

June always held the promise of a comeback for U.S. President George W. Bush.

Now, the death of Ronald Reagan, the spiritual father of the sitting president,
is a potential wild card in the U.S. election campaign, inviting comparisons
between Bush and the man being canonized this week as the founder of the modern
Republican party.

Could Bush subtly ride a wave of conservative nostalgia and pride and build
momentum over the summer, or could he be submerged by a legend whose legacy is
growing in this country each day?

Analysts say it could cut either way.

The non-stop retelling of Reagan's life this week as America mourns the former
president could play to the Bush image as the "stand-up guy" who cuts taxes and
doesn't shrink from a fight, said Norman Ornstein, a scholar at the conservative
American Enterprise Institute.

"Or that conservative base could say: 'We knew Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was
a friend of ours and George W. Bush, you are no Ronald Reagan,'" Ornstein said.

Bush already had a series of platforms this month that had the potential to
temporarily marginalize his presumptive Democratic challenger, Massachusetts
Senator John Kerry.

The U.S. president spoke on the 60th anniversary of D-Day in France on Sunday,
hosts the G-8 summit of industrialized nations beginning today in Sea Island,
Ga., and travels to a European Union summit in Ireland and a NATO summit in
Turkey later this month.

His month ends with a symbolic handover of limited sovereignty to an interim
government in Iraq.

Now, while Kerry suspends his campaign for a week out of respect for Reagan,
Bush will deliver the eulogy at the state funeral for the late president Friday.
Neither man will campaign this week and neither will air ads Friday, a national
day of mourning.

Bush and Kerry are in a virtual tie in support in most major U.S. polls, less
than five months before the U.S. election.

Becky Norton Dunlop, who served under Reagan during his two terms in the White
House, said the former president's death on the weekend of the D-Day anniversary
will allow voters to see Reagan in Bush.

The ceremonies reminded voters how Americans stood up to the Nazis in World War
II, just as Reagan stood up to the "Evil Empire" of the Soviet Union and Bush is
standing up to the evils of terrorism, she said.

"I think Reagan's passing is riveting the country and reminding them that
America really was the shining city on the hill for his eight years in office,"
said Dunlop, now a vice-president at the conservative Heritage Foundation. "But
I don't think Americans really believe there could be another Ronald Reagan."

Already, the Reagan legacy has eclipsed Bush. The U.S. president's speech
commemorating the 60th anniversary of D-Day was rendered a footnote by the U.S.
networks and major newspapers.

That may have played to Bush's advantage, however, because Reagan's speech at
the same locale, two decades ago, marking the 40th anniversary of the allied
landings, was one of the most powerful of his presidency, making the Sunday
speech by the sitting president sound pedestrian.

It also reminded Americans of the stronger U.S.-European ties under Reagan. His
office had convinced then French President Francois Mitterand to change the
schedule to allow his speech to air during U.S. prime time. Bush, with no such
cachet, spoke at 3.45 a.m. (EDT) in the U.S.

There is a Canadian parallel to the situation Bush finds himself in. Pierre
Trudeau's death in 2000 came just weeks before then-prime minister Jean
Chretien's election call and the death of the Liberal icon immediately pumped up
the party at the polls.

Chretien, in pre-election statements, said the election would shine a light on
liberal values and the Trudeau legacy, but the 2000 campaign turned on a number
of issues, none of them ultimately associated with the long-serving Liberal
prime minister.

Stephen Hess, a senior analyst at the liberal Brookings Institution, says that
in a similar vein, although a spike in Republican support could be expected,
Reagan's death will likely play no role in Bush's re-election chances beyond
this week.

But Reagan's death could push another issue to the forefront of a campaign, an
issue Bush does not wish to revisit.

Nancy Reagan's campaign in support of embryonic stem cell research, which
supporters say can assist in research into Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's
disease and spinal cord injuries puts her on a collision course with Bush.

Already, 58 senators have written to Bush, asking him to relax his restrictions
on stem cell research, many of them citing Nancy Reagan's campaign. The letter
was sent Friday, before Reagan's death. In April, 206 House of Representatives
members sent a similar letter to Bush.

Nancy Reagan just last month made a rare public appeal for embryonic stem cell
research, telling a fundraising dinner that Alzheimer's had taken her husband
"to a distant place where I can no longer reach him."

She had written Bush three years ago on the issue.

"This issue is especially poignant given president Reagan's passing. Embryonic
stem cell research might hold the key to a cure for Alzheimer's and other
terrible diseases," Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein of California said
yesterday.

Bush signed an executive order in August, 2001, limiting federal research
funding for stem cell research to 78 embryonic stem cell lines then in
existence. Kerry backs the use of embryonic stem cells for research.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  BRYAN CHEN AP PHOTO Nancy Reagan touches the casket of her husband,
former U.S. President Ronald Reagan, as Rev. Michael Wenning, left, comforts her
at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, Calif., yesterday. The
remains will lie in repose through Tuesday evening.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 7, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rights of Ex-Felons

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Editorial Desk; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 161 words



To the Editor:

Re ''Cities That Lead the Way'' (editorial, March 31):

We are encouraged by efforts in Boston, San Francisco and Chicago to
de-emphasize criminal histories in employment, thereby aiding prisoner re-entry
and reducing the likelihood of re-incarceration. But we remain deeply troubled
by the many existing statutes that continue to marginalize ex-offenders, drug
offenders in particular.

Even those convicted of low-level, nonviolent drug offenses are barred from
public housing, food stamps and student loans. And perhaps most noxious to our
democracy, an astounding five million people are disenfranchised; about 13
percent of all black men are ineligible to vote because of a felony conviction.

We need a system of justice that inspires people to participate fully and
lawfully in their communities, rather than one that pushes people toward the
edges of society.

Derek Hodel
New York, March 31, 2006

The writer is deputy director, Drug Policy Alliance.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Raytheon Company (Massachusetts) applies for US Patent titled as "ROBUST TARGET
IDENTIFICATION"

LENGTH: 159 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170039478 for US Patent, published on February 9, 2017, by
Raytheon Company (Massachusetts), titled as "ROBUST TARGET IDENTIFICATION"  for
the registration of patent.



Inventors: Campbell; Timothy; (El Segundo, CA) ; Douglas; David S.; (El Segundo,
CA) ; Quiller; Ryan; (El Segundo, CA)

Applicant: Raytheon Company Waltham MA (Massachusetts)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
target estimator that properly conditions measurement variates in the case of a
series of sensor measurements collected against a target, a system model that
captures visible and hidden stochastic information including but not limited to
target state, target identity, and sensor measurements and that marginalizes
measurement failure and a dynamic mixed quadrature expression facilitating
real-time implementation of the estimator are presented."


LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 16, 2006 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Globalizing King's Legacy

BYLINE: By Taylor Branch.

Taylor Branch is the author, most recently, of ''At Canaan's Edge,'' the third
volume of his biography of Rev. , Martin Luther King Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1735 words

DATELINE: Baltimore


OFFICIAL celebrations of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday turn 20
years old this week.

Like that of Dr. King's late colleague Rosa Parks, the name behind our 10th
national holiday carries more resonance than impact -- noble, universal, yet
bounded by race and time. The annual King event draws tributes to the end of
legal segregation, reprises of landmark oratory and varied appraisals of
problems for minorities. Yet despite our high-stakes national commitment to
advance free government around the world, we consistently marginalize or ignore
Dr. King's commitment to the core values of democracy.

His own words present a vast and urgent landscape for freedom. ''No American is
without responsibility,'' Dr. King declared only hours after the 1965 ''Bloody
Sunday'' repulse of voting rights marchers in Selma, Ala. ''All are involved in
the sorrow that rises from Selma to contaminate every crevice of our national
life,'' he added. ''The struggle in Selma is for the survival of democracy
everywhere in our land.''

His public appeal gathered an overnight host from many states behind a blockaded
vigil. When white supremacists beat one volunteer to death with impunity, Dr.
King responded with prophetic witness against the grain of violence. ''Out of
the wombs of a frail world,'' he assured mourners, ''new systems of equality and
justice are being born.''

Selma released waves of political energy from the human nucleus of freedom.
Ordinary citizens ventured across cultural barriers, aroused a transnational
conscience and engaged all three branches of government. After the landmark
Voting Rights Act of 1965, Dr. King claimed that the distinctive methods of
sharecroppers and students had revived nothing less than the visionary heritage
of the American Revolution. ''The stirring lesson of this age is that mass
nonviolent direct action is not a peculiar device for Negro agitation,'' he told
the Synagogue Council of America. ''Rather it is a historically validated method
for defending freedom and democracy, and for enlarging these values for the
benefit of the whole society.''

This effusive axiom went unnoticed, but the blessings of freedom did ripple far
beyond the black victims of caste. As Dr. King predicted, the civil rights
movement liberated segregationists themselves. The integrity of law enforcement
rose with a stark decline in racial terror. The Atlanta Braves joined the first
professional sports teams to spring up at integrated stadiums, and business
radiated Sun Belt growth into a region of historic poverty. In elections, new
black voters generated the 20th century's first two-party competition to
displace the ossified regimes of white supremacy. The stigma of segregation no
longer curtailed a Southerner's chances for high national office, and fresh
candidates rose swiftly to leadership in both national parties.

Parallel tides opened doors for the first female students at some universities
and most private colleges, then the military academies. In 1972, civil rights
agitation over doctrines of equal souls produced the first public ordination of
a female rabbi in the United States, and the Episcopal Church soon introduced
female clergy members in spite of schismatic revolts to preserve religious
authority for men. Pauli Murray, a lawyer who was one of the pioneer priests,
had pursued a legal appeal that in 1966 overturned several state laws flatly
prohibiting jury service by women. ''The principle announced seems so obvious
today,'' Dr. Murray would write in a memoir, ''that it is difficult to remember
the dramatic break the court was making.''

Overseas, as an amalgam of forces suddenly dissolved the Soviet empire atop its
mountain of nuclear weapons, Dr. King's message echoed in the strains of ''We
Shall Overcome'' heard along the Berlin Wall and the streets of Prague.
Likewise, South African apartheid melted without the long-dreaded racial
Armageddon, on miraculous healing words from a former prisoner, Nelson Mandela.
Students shocked the world from Tiananmen Square with nonviolent demonstrations
modeled on American sit-ins, planting seeds of democracy within the
authoritarian shell of Chinese Communism.

These and other sweeping trends from the civil rights era have transformed daily
life in many countries, and now their benefit is scarcely contested. Yet the
political discourse behind them is atrophied. Public service has fallen into sad
disrepute. Spitballs pass for debate. Comedians write the best-selling books on
civics. Dr. King's ideas are not so much rebutted as cordoned off or begrudged,
and for two generations his voice of anguished hope has given way to a dominant
slogan that government itself is bad.

Above all, no one speaks for nonviolence. Indeed, the most powerful discipline
from the freedom movement was the first to be ridiculed across the political
spectrum. ''A hundred political commentators have interred nonviolence into a
premature grave,'' Dr. King complained after Selma. The concept seemed alien and
unmanly. It came to embarrass many civil rights veterans themselves, even though
nonviolence lies at the heart of democracy.

Every ballot -- the most basic element of free government -- is by definition a
piece of nonviolence, symbolizing hard-won or hopeful consent to raise politics
above anarchy and war. The boldest principles of democratic character undergird
the civil rights movement's nonviolent training. James Madison, arguing to
ratify the Constitution in 1788, summoned ''every votary of freedom to rest all
our political experiments on the capacity of mankind for self-government,'' and
he added that no form of government can secure liberty ''without virtue in the
people.''

By steeling themselves to endure blows without retaliation, and remaining
steadfastly open to civil contact with their oppressors, civil rights
demonstrators offered shining examples of the revolutionary balance that
launched the American system: self-government and public trust. All the rest is
careful adjustment.

Like Madison, the marchers from Selma turned rulers and subjects into fellow
citizens. A largely invisible people offered leadership in the role of modern
founders. For an incandescent decade, from 1955 to 1965, the heirs of slavery
lifted the whole world toward freedom.

Weariness and war intruded. In the White House, President Lyndon Johnson
wrestled the political subtleties of sending soldiers to guarantee liberty at
home. ''Troops leave a bitter taste in the mouths of all the people,'' cautioned
Defense Secretary Robert McNamara. The president moaned simultaneously over
predictions of bloody stalemate if he sent troops to Vietnam, saying the
prospect ''makes the chills run up my back,'' but he succumbed to schoolyard
politics. The American people, he feared, ''will forgive you for everything
except being weak.''

Lamenting religious leaders who accommodated the war, Dr. King defended
nonviolence on two fronts. ''Have they forgotten that my ministry is in
obedience to the one who loved his enemies so fully that he died for them?'' he
asked. ''What then can I say to the Vietcong, or to Castro, or to Mao? Can I
threaten them with death or must I not share with them my life?'' In politics,
Dr. King endorsed a strategic alternative to violence. ''We will stop communism
by letting the world know that democracy is a better government than any other
government,'' he told his congregation, ''and by making justice areality for all
of God's children.''

Pressures intensified within Dr. King's own movement. To battered young
colleagues who wondered why nonviolence was consigned mostly to black people,
while others admired James Bond, he could only commend the burden as a
redemptive sacrifice. Change was slow, however, for a land still dotted with
lynching, and frustration turned to rebellion as the war in Vietnam hardened the
political climate. When offered incendiary but fleeting fame in 1966, the
leaders of various black power movements repudiated nonviolence along with the
vote itself, which they had given so much to win.

Meanwhile, Lyndon Johnson steadily lost his presidency at home before he could
forge any political order in Vietnam. Although casualty figures confirmed the
heavy advantage of American arms, Johnson fell victim to a historical paradox
evolving since the age of Napoleon: modern warfare destroys more but governs
less -- one reason military commanders seem, in my limited experience, more
skeptical than civilians about the political use of lethal force.

Dr. King grew ever more lonely in conviction about the gateway to constructive
politics. ''I'm committed to nonviolence absolutely,'' he wrote. ''I'm just not
going to kill anybody, whether it's in Vietnam or here.'' When bristling
discouragement invaded his own staff, he exhorted them to rise above fear and
hatred alike. ''We must not be intimidated by those who are laughing at
nonviolence now,'' he told them on his last birthday.

His oratory fused the political promise of equal votes with the spiritual
doctrine of equal souls. He planted one foot in American heritage, the other in
scripture, and both in nonviolence. ''I say to you that our goal is freedom,''
he said in his last Sunday sermon. ''And I believe we're going to get there
because, however much she strays from it, the goal of America is freedom.''

Only hours before his death, Dr. King startled an aide with a balmy aside from
his unpopular movement to uplift the poor. ''In our next campaign,'' he
remarked, ''we have to institutionalize nonviolence and take it international.''

The nation would do well to incorporate this goal into our mission abroad,
reinforcing the place of nonviolence among the fundamentals of democracy, along
with equal citizenship, self-government and accountable public trust. We could
also restore Dr. King's role in the continuing story of freedom to its rightful
prominence, emphasizing that the best way to safeguard democracy is to practice
it. And we must recognize that the accepted tradeoff between freedom and
security is misguided, because our values are the essence of our strength. If
dungeons, brute force and arbitrary rule were the keys to real power, Saudi
Arabia would be a model for the future instead of the past.

Gunfire took Dr. King's life, but we determine his legacy. This holiday, let
that inspiration remain our patriotic challenge.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Paul Davis)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 14, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

My Friend Was No Clueless Traveler

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 172 words


Last Friday night my friend Katie Lynn Hill was shot and killed outside the
Takoma Park Metro station, a victim of an apparent robbery [Metro, Aug. 12].

As a result, D.C. Council member Adrian M. Fenty "has produced fliers warning
residents to be aware of their surroundings and announcing a community meeting
with D.C. police officials."

I don't want Katie to be used as a poster girl for not "being aware of your
surroundings." She was a savvy adult who worked in a large city and loved to
travel. I doubt her death had anything to do with lack of awareness of her
surroundings. But it may have had everything to do with a known crime problem
that seems to have been largely unaddressed by D.C. police for more than a year.

Katie Hill was a young, intelligent woman who had yet to realize her potential.
To portray her as a clueless traveler is a disservice to her. To marginalize a
real crime problem by suggesting only heightened awareness is necessary to one's
safety is a disservice to everyone.

MELISSA LOWRY

Portland, Ore.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 29, 2012 Saturday

San Francisco experiments with micro-units

SECTION: CLASSIFIED; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 224 words


SAN FRANCISCO - The tiny apartments are touted as "affordable by design."

New York City has launched a pilot project to test them out. Boston is doing it,
too. But in San Francisco, where a number of residents are being priced out of
the housing market by a revived tech economy, city leaders are considering the
smallest micro-units of all. At a minimum 150 square feet of living space - 220
when you add the bathroom, kitchen and closet - the proposed residences are
being hailed as a pivotal option for singles. Opponents fear a wave of "shoe box
homes" would further marginalize families of modest means desperate for larger
accommodations.

Patrick Kennedy - a Berkeley, Calif.-based developer who in November will unveil
a building with 300-square-foot units in San Francisco's South of Market
neighborhood - has said he hopes to build several thousand even smaller models.

"You could obviously build more of them if you don't have to do them as large,"
said Kennedy, adding that pricing would be determined after he sees "what the
market does with our 300-footers."

City building supervisor Scott Wiener said smaller units will mean cheaper
housing options.

The micro-units will probably go for $1,200 to $1,500 a month, he said.
According to the real estate service RealFacts, an average studio apartment in
San Francisco now goes for $2,075.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 3, 2010 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                National Edition

That Panda in the Legislature? White Democratic Women

BYLINE: By ELISE HU.

ehu@texastribune.org

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE TEXAS TRIBUNE; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 674 words



After an election cycle in which the Republicans picked up nearly two-dozen
additional seats in the State Legislature, a new endangered political species
has been identified at the Capitol: the white Democratic woman.

State Representative Donna Howard of Austin is the lone remaining Anglo female
Democrat in the Texas House, having watched four of her kind be defeated on Nov.
2: Valinda Bolton of Austin, Carol Kent of Dallas and Kristi Thibaut and Ellen
Cohen, both of Houston. In the Senate -- where men hold 25 of 31 seats -- Wendy
Davis, Democrat of Fort Worth, is, like Ms. Howard, the single white female.

''It's extremely disappointing to me, of course,'' said Ms. Howard, who eked out
a 16-vote victory over Dan Neil, a former University of Texas football player
who barely spent any money during his campaign. ''It's taken awhile for us to
gain momentum, and we've taken some steps backward in terms of having a voice.''

By comparison, two perennially underrepresented groups in the State Legislature
-- Hispanic and black Republicans -- saw their numbers grow on Election Day.
Republicans in the House will have five Hispanic members and two black members
during the 82nd Legislative Session, which gavels in on Jan. 11. In the previous
session, there were no Hispanic or black Republican lawmakers.

Ms. Howard's newfound lone-wolf status is actually an unwelcome blast from the
recent past: She was the sole Democratic woman in the lower chamber four years
ago when she was first elected. Her take from the drubbing of her party on Nov.
2? ''It does appear there is some effort to marginalize the Democratic Party so
that it is urban minority only,'' she said.

Ms. Davis, who was elected to her first four-year term in 2008, is not so sure
that voters singled out white Democratic women. ''It was a groundswell of people
voting for people with an 'R' next to the name on the ballot,'' she said.

The near-extinction of white Southern Democrats -- a broader consequence of Nov.
2 -- is the latest success of a Republican strategy to take over the region that
was hatched after the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act of 1964, said
Paul Stekler, a documentary filmmaker whose credits include ''George Wallace:
Settin' the Woods on Fire.''

''There was an alliance between minorities and Republicans to concentrate folks
into districts with supermajorities of minorities,'' Mr. Stekler said. ''So you
created a situation where conservative whites were drawn in to Republican
districts, leaving white Democrats out. Combine that with the wave elections of
'94 and '10, where you have an electorate that's predisposed to re-electing the
most conservative candidates anyway, and you have a perfect storm.''

Ms. Howard said she worried that such a situation left the Democratic Party,
which has long identified itself as ideologically and ethnically diverse,
without a non-minority voice. ''That's to our detriment as Democrats but also to
the detriment of having good, sound policy made to benefit Texas,'' she said.

But Robert Jones, the political director of Annie's List, a Texas political
action committee that helped recruit Democratic women to run and then propel
them to office in recent years, including Ms. Howard and Ms. Davis, said the
Democratic Party would return in 2012 with plenty of policy issues to run on.
Cuts to education and social services programs, in response to a budget
shortfall that could be as big as $25 billion, are expected to hit close to
home.

''There will be real political impact in the form of Democrats making a
comeback,'' Mr. Jones said.

''It will be clear for them what their choice is in 2012,'' he said of Texas
voters, ''and we will have Democratic women running for office waiting to win
their vote.''

Correction: December 10, 2010, Friday

This article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An article
last Friday about the dearth of white Democratic women in the State Legislature
misspelled the surname of a state representative. She is Kristi Thibaut, not
Thibault.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 10, 2010



CORRECTION: An article last Friday about the dearth of white Democratic women in
the State Legislature misspelled the surname of a state representative. She is
Kristi Thibaut, not Thibault.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Donna Howard, far left, and Wendy Davis.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Common Ground trains FLCers to help others find cultural common ground

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 DURANGO: Fort Lewis College has issued the following news release:



  The annual Martin Luther King, Jr. Day celebrates Dr. King's contributions to
equality and understanding in our country. But that one-day commemoration is 364
days too few for the Fort Lewis College anti-bias organization Common Ground.





 "Common Ground is about knowing and learning from each other," says Nancy
Stoffer, coordinator of Diversity Programming, which manages the Common Ground
program. "It's about finding ways to heal those who have been injured by a
society that marginalizes and oppresses certain groups, and bringing awareness
to those who have been part of a more privileged class."



 FLC is, thanks to its history and location, a multicultural institution -- it
is one of only two schools in the United States to offer a Native American
Tuition Waiver, and for the 2015-2016 academic year 46 percent of the student
body population is minority students.



 To better serve those campus populations most often marginalized by society,
Fort Lewis College created its own anti-bias and diversity training, called Code
Red, in 2007. Today known as Common Ground, the training program prepares
students, faculty, staff, and community members to lead intercultural dialogues
that create awareness of self-identities and biases while learning skills to
fight discrimination.



 Common Ground's workshops and trainings enhance the rich cultural diversity on
campus by providing opportunities for the college community to learn about and
embrace differences, preparing faculty, staff, and students to better interact
in an increasingly diverse world. In addition to the trainings and
organizational workshops, Common Ground facilitators take part in a number of
events both on- and off-campus.



 There are two main aspects of Common Ground's mission: to engage the campus
community in cross-cultural conversations, and to train volunteer facilitators
to guide that process in classes and for on-campus organizations. Common Ground
trains faculty, students, and staff at weekly facilitator sessions and an annual
three-day intensive training. Most recently, the program graduated 18 volunteer
facilitators from the Fall 2015 training.



 "It's both introspective and interactive," Stoffer says of the workshop
experience. "You get the chance to look at and explore your own biases and
identity. It expands the way you're able to see the world."



 Because the topics discussed in a workshop can be so intense - "Having old
wounds recognized can be painful," Stoffer recognizes - it's critical for the
facilitators to be well prepared. But this structure produces powerful
transformations, she says.



 "The activities can be eye opening," Stoffer says. "Sometimes we don't want to
see things. Sometimes the work takes a while. But watching people connect is
really rewarding. It can be emotional and, at the same time, healing."



 "I think leaving our comfort zone is an important part of growing our
compassion," Stoffer adds. "That is what Common Ground asks people to do."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          December 19, 2012 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Breakaway Big East schools taking an ill-advised shot?

BYLINE: By Bob Ford; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 863 words


The names of the schools are scattered across the map, some with the green
arrows of the arriving classes, some with the red arrows of the departing, some
with question marks and some inscribed only lightly in pencil.

Add them up and there are more than 30 universities associated, disassociated or
possibly associated with the once-tidy Big East Conference. They are trying to
find a place for their sports programs on the national collegiate dance floor
and all of them are willing to fox-trot across the fallen in order to locate
one.

It is a dance that is driven by the harsh beat of college football and imbued
with the frantic flop sweat of those who fear being shut out when the music
finally stops. In one way, it is pure ego and greed - the horror of being stuck
in a conference without a BCS affiliation! - but in another, it is merely
survival, a way to keep alive the long list of nonrevenue sports programs that
depend on Big Brother Football at most schools.

The seven Big East schools, including Villanova, that decided to create a world
without big-time football, are taking a bold step into the past, and not one
that is guaranteed to succeed. They opted to call their own tune, however,
rather than wait for the conference to marginalize them onto the street. The old
core of those seven "basketball" schools essentially created the Big East, but
the commerce of modern athletics made their continued presence seem as outdated
as wooden backboards and high-top Chuck Taylors.

Will it work? Will forming a conference in which basketball sits at the head of
the table turn that union into a unique, premium league, or will it become a
niche curiosity overwhelmed in recruiting battles by those schools whose
facilities, resources and reputations are plumped up by football? In other
words, will the Hardwood Seven, and the other schools the new conference might
attract, become just the Ivy League with rosaries?

Good questions, and not ones that will be answered any time soon. If the seven
schools - Villanova, Georgetown, Seton Hall, Providence, St. John's, Marquette
and DePaul - cannot negotiate a suitable exit fee, they are tied to the Big East
until June 30, 2015. By that time, the landscape of college conferences might
have been bulldozed and reconfigured another half-dozen times.

The schools that have been mentioned as possible fits to join the refugees -
schools like Dayton, Xavier, St. Louis, Butler, Creighton and Gonzaga - have
their own conference entanglements to pick apart if they choose to throw in with
the new league. It is dicey business, and that's before the make-or-break issue
of securing a television contract to pay for the whole deal.

As you would expect, the breakaway schools would like to keep the Big East name
and the cachet that comes with it. They would like to continue to hold their
conference tournament in Madison Square Garden. That could be negotiated, too,
particularly since the league being left behind is Big, but only remotely East.

The conference that will allegedly remain, which is running down the street
trying to hold 10 pounds of football in a 2-pound bag, is a far-flung assortment
that currently does or soon will include Houston, Boise State, East Carolina,
South Florida, Central Florida, Memphis, Tulane, SMU, Cincinnati, Connecticut,
Navy and Temple in its arms. Some arrive sooner than others, some will play only
Big East football, some - like Notre Dame, Louisville and Rutgers - are like the
smiles of the Cheshire Cat and haven't fully disappeared yet, so I might have
missed a school or two, but you get the idea. It's a hot mess.

There's no blaming the seven schools for bolting and giving independence from
football a try. It would be better timed if they had been more successful in
basketball recently, but the timing was really foisted upon them.

Among the seven, only Marquette has done well in the NCAA tournament the last
three years. St. John's, DePaul, Providence and Seton Hall have collectively
made the tournament once since 2006 (St. John's, 0-1 in 2011), and Villanova and
Georgetown are 2-5 in the last three tournaments. As for the other possible
invitees, Butler and Gonzaga established themselves as overachievers from lesser
conferences. Maybe they can keep that up. Xavier is a solid program, at the
moment. The others are nothing special.

Making a super basketball conference out of that bunch will depend a lot on
television, and although the core group is positioned to promise footholds,
either real or fanciful, in the New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Chicago and
Washington markets, TV might think it smells of small-time and respond with
lukewarm interest.

There's no way to predict what will happen, and the seven schools were up-front
in agreeing there is no certainty to the outcome. They all took a hard look at
where they were, however, and also agreed there was no future in it for them.

So, the seven have kicked themselves to the perimeter, are trying a
three-pointer and, really, it is a good shot.

Good, if it goes.

Contact columnist Bob Ford at bford@phillynews.com, read his bdelog at
www.philly.com/postpatterns, and follow @bobfordsports on Twitter.


LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 25, 2009 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

He'd Rather Have a Playoff System Than a Roof

BYLINE: Mark Viera; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1726 words


The homeless man walked among U.S. senators. He wore a rumpled pink button-down
shirt and dirt-stained khakis and nervously fidgeted with a blue pen, as if he
knew he was somewhere he did not belong. In his hands, he held the three-page
document that has consumed him for a better part of the year.

"Some call it obsessed," he said. "I call it dedicated."

Room 226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building provided the setting during a
Senate Judiciary subcommittee meeting on June 7. The  participants included Sen.
Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) , the lone panel member for most of the session, and
four men who testified for or against the use of the Bowl Championship Series to
determine a national champion in college football.

Fans, television pundits and even elected officials have debated the BCS since
its inception in 1998. The system has been controversial in part because it
relies on computers, not a playoff, to determine who plays for the championship
and because some believe it marginalizes teams from smaller conferences.

But very few fans have as much desire for change as Brandon Kennedy, 21, of
Cheney, Wash. And there are even fewer who have taken such extreme steps to try
to make it happen.

He has drafted a paper, "The Kennedy Proposal," that outlines a new system. He
sapped nearly all of his $450 bank account to fly from his home in Washington
state to Washington, D.C., and has taken up residence underneath bridges and
trees in Georgetown, living homeless for the past 13 weeks as he lobbies for
change. He has sent, by his estimate, more than 15,000 e-mails and letters to
college athletic conference commissioners, athletic directors and NCAA officials
over the past year.

"You just look at history and the things that have been accomplished," Kennedy
said. "Everyone's had to go to great lengths to accomplish something that's been
great. This really just seems like the only way for me to do it."

The current system of deciding the national college football champion likely
won't change until the BCS's television contract expires in January 2015. But
that has not deterred some fans who think their idea is the best. At a given
time, Bill Hancock, the BCS administrator, will collect 300 to 500 proposals for
a new format.

Kennedy is one of those fans, and he attended the Senate hearing last month like
the other faces in the crowd. But his proposal was not involved in the
discussion of the men testifying, and he has not gained much attention.

Despite the long odds, Kennedy sat in the hearing and envisioned a day when his
proposal would be discussed on Capitol Hill. He showed up first to the
wood-paneled room and sat in the third row when the proceeding started. When it
ended, he approached the important figures in attendance, including those who
testified, to try to get more exposure for his plan.

* * *

Kennedy had a much different football career before this. He was an all-state
wide receiver and defensive back at Gonzaga Preparatory School in Spokane,
Wash., and went on to play at Central Washington, a Division II university in
Ellensburg, Wash. He holds the school's career records for interception return
yardage (373) and interceptions returned for a touchdown (five). He transferred
to Eastern Washington, a division I-AA university in Cheney, Wash., but did not
have the money to stay enrolled and dropped out in the fall.

"I would have loved to have him here, not only for what he did on the field but
what he brought to the locker room. He had a smile on his face every day," said
Eastern Washington Coach Beau Baldwin, who also coached Kennedy for one year at
Central Washington.

While still attending classes,  Kennedy wrote a paper about college football's
postseason for English class. Then he developed an intense interest in the
topic.

Kennedy wrote and revised a plan to change the system, scrawling the text of the
proposal on his apartment walls -- his landlord was going to apply new paint
once his lease was up anyway -- and compiling more than 160 pages in drafts. He
skipped trips to the bars on weekends  to research the BCS at the library.

On April 17, Kennedy quit his job organizing and shipping animal food at a
warehouse. He  worked there for only a month, but his car had been towed and he
was tired of the hours-long bus commute each day. And all he dreamed about was
the BCS.

Because of his fixation on the topic, Kennedy said, his older brother cut him
out of their joint cellphone plan, and he has stopped speaking with his parents.
Kennedy described himself as "the black sheep" of the family.

"It's kind of hard," said his sister, Brittany, 19, a guard for the Oregon State
women's basketball team. "But everyone comes to live with it."

Speaking about how her older brother might be perceived, she said: "Everyone's
going to think he's out there, because there are a lot of people that want to
change the BCS. The fact he doesn't have a degree will make it hard for people
to take him serious. But that's how some people get started. If you don't try,
you don't know how far you could get."

Five days after quitting his job, Kennedy bought a plane ticket for Washington,
D.C. He wore a navy pinstripe suit, the only clothes he brought with him on the
trip. He had a bag, with a Mickey Mouse blanket and family pictures, and the
rosary beads he wears around his neck.

Kennedy had no place to stay, so when he arrived, he looked in the newspapers
and identified Georgetown as a safe place to live. But he ruined the suit after
sleeping in a ditch, leaving it smelling so bad the stench burned his eyes. He
also learned where not to sleep from the local homeless population after
overhearing conversation at Miriam's Kitchen, a nearby shelter, about people
whose wallets and watches were stolen while they were sleeping in parks.

"There's a difference between the homeless and bums," he said. "I'm homeless,
but I'm not a bum."

Kennedy said he recently acquired government food stamps. At church, he met a
man named Elijah who bought him new clothes: two pairs of slacks, two
button-down shirts and two polo shirts. Kennedy has been washing the clothes and
"bird bathing" himself in hand sinks. His grandmother sent him money for a
cellphone; he owes $53 at the end of the month and plans to beg for cash if he
cannot pay the bill.

"It's actually been very humbling," Kennedy said of living homeless. "It's given
me a perspective of life I never thought I would see, being homeless. I've tried
to take a positive take on this whole thing. I tell people I'm camping."

* * *

For months, Kennedy said, policymakers and administrators involved with the BCS
paid him no mind.

He admitted his approach has grown antagonistic and even rude, justifying such
behavior as the best way to elicit a response. In a recent e-mail to University
of Nebraska Chancellor Harvey Perlman, who was present at the June 7 hearing,
Kennedy said Perlman's secretary kept "telling me that my proposal was received.
Seems suspicious that you would have mail  . . . over nearly four months and not
read it."

"The Kennedy Proposal" calls for six champions from the current BCS conferences
and four at-large bids to be seeded in a playoff bracket. The eight teams that
are eliminated from the playoff before the national championship game are routed
to the four BCS bowl games. It is a playoff for those who want it, he reasoned,
while keeping intact the BCS for the teams that do not make the national
championship from that 10-team playoff.

The paper touches on certain issues regarding the BCS -- the conflicts that
could arise with academic schedules, the traditional relationship with the bowls
and the value of the regular season -- but does not specifically address the
economic concerns tied into the discussion.

However improbable it would be to change the system, Kennedy has not given up
hope. In college, he said, he was living "a half-empty life." But now, he said,
he has given his all for what he believes in.

"I get an opportunity to enter myself in something that's never been done
before," Kennedy said. "I'm not just a playoff advocate from Cheney, Washington,
who's petitioning Congress. This is about my proposal. I have an idea, and I
have the drive."

Kennedy's high school football coach, Dave Carson, said: "Knowing BK, it doesn't
surprise me. It seems to me a little farfetched. What's the end product? You get
it changed, now you've got to get a job. But some people are that way; they get
on a mission and they don't give up."

Kennedy has spent his days in Georgetown Interim Library revising the proposal
-- adding footnotes and annotations, reading newspaper articles about the BCS --
and trying to contact those who might listen. Some of the people he has
contacted were recently confined to one room on Capitol Hill.

After the hearing concluded, reporters swarmed Hatch, Perlman and the lawyers
lobbying for either side. Kennedy tried to talk to Michael Young,  president of
the University of Utah. Young's Utes were left out of the BCS title game last
season even though they were the only undefeated division I-A team in the
country, and he railed against the BCS in the hearing.

Young said he has heard from fans who have drafted proposals, saying, "it's a
sign that people are passionate about this enough to do something like this."

"I don't think these are nuts," Young said in a telephone interview. "These are
not people that are putting  tinfoil over their heads. These people are
thoughtful, for the most part, who want to show this can be done."

Young, on his way to catch a flight, left the hearing room and chatted with a
few passersby before walking into an elevator at the end of the hallway. Kennedy
chased after him. Young stood in the elevator and, as the door began to close,
Kennedy handed him the paper.

"I've been pitching my proposal in D.C.," Kennedy said. "I've submitted it to
the BCS and haven't heard from them." Then Kennedy quickly removed his hand as
the elevator door slid shut.

Kennedy's proposal has not gained much attention, and he said he would return to
Washington state next month if he could gather the money to fly home. But he
said the roadblocks and seeming improbability of his mission would not stop him.
Next summer, Kennedy plans to return to Washington D.C., to continue to push for
change on a topic that has been debated by thousands of college football fans
just like him.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Toni L. Sandys -- The Washington Post; Brandon Kennedy has
been living homeless in the District for the past 13 weeks as he lobbies
Congress for a college football playoff system.
IMAGE; Brandon Kennedy has sent, by his estimate, more than 15,000 e-mails and
letters to college athletic conference commissioners, athletic directors and
NCAA officials over the past year.
IMAGE; "There's a difference between the homeless and bums," said Kennedy, of
living on the streets. "I'm homeless, but I'm not a bum."
IMAGE; Kennedy, right, dropped everything to fly from Washington state to
Washington, D.C., to present his BCS proposal at a congressional hearing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 11, 2005 Wednesday Home Edition

DeKalb CEO deposed in discrimination suit;
Case alleges bias over race

BYLINE: COREY DADE

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3B;

LENGTH: 317 words


DeKalb County Chief Executive Officer Vernon Jones was deposed Tuesday in a
federal lawsuit accusing Jones and other county officials of mistreating white
employees to favor African-Americans.

Jones was pressed for three hours about whether he directed subordinates to
marginalize high-ranking white workers to create a racially "darker
administration." But perhaps the most sensitive questions centered on the
allegation that Jones tried to influence his police chief to lie to a grand jury
investigating Jones' office in 2003.

Former DeKalb police Chief Eddie Moody was deposed for more than three hours
Monday afternoon.

Moody, who is not a party to the lawsuit, submitted an affidavit on behalf of
the plaintiffs, saying that an emissary to Jones approached him and urged that
he "fall on my sword" and tell the grand jury he was in charge of the police
security assigned to Jones.

Jones has long said Moody was in charge of the security, which had been
criticized as too costly and excessive.

Moody said he refused to lie and instead told the grand jury that Jones made all
decisions about his security.

A year after his 2003 grand jury testimony, Moody alleges, the same
intermediary, Atlanta minister Wiley Jackson Jr., visited him again. Moody said
Jackson carried another message from Jones: Resign immediately. Moody submitted
his resignation the next morning.

Attorneys for Jones, who has called the accusations "ridiculous," have declined
to comment publicly, saying the judge in the case has advised against it.

In his affidavit, Moody also said he was "personally aware that Vernon Jones was
displeased" when Moody appointed two white people instead of African-Americans
to top positions in the Police Department.

Moody's accusations are under investigation in the office of DeKalb County
District Attorney Gwen Keyes. In Georgia, witness tampering is a felony.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RENEE HANNANS HENRY / Staff CEO Vernon Jones also is accused of trying
to influence a police chief to lie.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

El Paso's homeless face discrimination and exclusion, experts say

BYLINE: By Diana Washington Valdez / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1151 words


America's Youngest Outcasts: A Report Card on Child Homelessness

El Pasoans who experience homelessness are likely to also encounter
discrimination in policies and programs which excludes them from health care,
job support and just being on the streets, experts at a University of Texas at
El Paso conference said Wednesday.

John Martin, executive director of the El Paso Center for Hope, which helps
victims of human-trafficking, said health officials discovered during an
AIDS/HIV health prevention outreach that police conducted "sweeps" in the
Downtown area during the baseball season.

"We learned that this is done, including from law enforcement, so that people
who go to the baseball games can have a pleasant experience, and don't run into
people who solicit them for money or sex," Martin said.

Experts at the UTEP conference said actions that marginalize and stereotype
homeless people run counter to the arching goal of integrating them into the
broader community.

"Our city's leadership needs to understand the issue of homelessness," Martin
said. "We need to get rid of the stigmas that some associate with the homeless.
The city is investing considerable resources in 'quality of place' projects, but
without investing in people, what will things be like in 10 or 15 years?"

In a statement, El Paso city officials denied that police were used to remove
homeless people from Downtown streets during game days.

"The Police Department did not conduct any "sweeps" of the homeless and any
assertion to the contrary is without basis," the statement said. "Downtown
officers come in contact with El Paso's homeless population on a daily basis.
Occasionally this contact leads to an arrest, but this is based on criminal
conduct and not a person's status as a homeless person. The Police Department
works closely with the Homeless Coalition."

City officials also said that the Community and Human Development director
attends monthly Homeless Coalition meetings and talks regularly to the
coalition's executive director.

In addition, the city's assistance allows the Homeless Coalition Continuum of
Care to draw down nearly $3 million federal dollars per year. Without the city's
support, this would not occur, city officials said.

Ray Tullius, executive director of the Opportunity Center for the Homeless, said
the city in the past responded to the issue of homelessness by denying that such
a problem existed. Over time, under different leaders, some things improved.

Today, he said, El Paso's homeless face efforts to criminalize them, ranging
from proposals to outlaw panhandling to restrictions on where homeless shelters
may be located.

"We need to oppose in policies and programs the criminalization of people who
are experiencing homelessness," said Eva Moya, a conference organizer who
teaches social work at UTEP.

According to a survey by the El Paso Coalition for the Homeless, 18 percent of
the homeless population has reported having a mental health condition at some
time, and more than 14 percent of the homeless reports having a long term
medical disability.

Unattended, these conditions can endanger the homeless, lead to unnecessary
trips to hospital emergency rooms or to negative encounters with police, the
experts said.

With changes in the federal government's funding priorities for the homeless
population, things are only going to get worse, said Daniel Vasquez, fund
development director for the Opportunity Center for the Homeless, a member of
the El Paso Coalition for the Homeless.

According to a survey by the El Paso Coalition for the Homeless, 1,394 men,
women and children experienced homelessness in El Paso in 2014. Of these, about
592 were in short-term or emergency shelters, 467 were in transitional housing,
153 were in permanent supportive housing and 182 were on the streets.

Vasquez said the survey also indicated that throughout the year more 5,500
people will seek out or require a shelter. Of these, more than 1,800 of them
represent families, he said.

Vasquez said centers that provided shelter to the homeless lost hundreds of
thousands of dollars in federal grant money because the federal government made
it a goal to house all homeless people permanently.

For example, since June, the Opportunity Center for the Homeless lost nearly
$500,000 in grant funding for its mental health initiative, youth services,
transportation and education, Vasquez said.

The federal policy goal does not address what to do with existing and incoming
homeless people in El Paso and across the United States.

UTEP's College of Health Sciences hosted Wednesday's "Paso del Norte Region
State of Homelessness Conference," which brought together academics, students
and providers.

The conference was held in conjunction with National Hunger and Homelessness
Awareness Week (Nov. 15-23). Earlier this week, the National Center on Family
Homelessness released a report "America's Youngest Outcasts" that ranked Texas
39 out of 50 states when it comes to child homelessness, with 50 being worst
(Alabama) and one being the best (Minnesota).

The 130-page report stated that nationally 2.5 million children (one in every 30
children in the U.S.) experience homelessness annually in the United States, a
historic high, and that Texas alone accounts for 190,000 homeless children. New
Mexico ranked 46, the report said.

Organizers of UTEP's conference said the goals were to identify the causes and
conditions of homelessness, find potential solutions in the Paso del Norte
community, and reduce the social stigma associated with homelessness.

"Homelessness is a pervasive social inequality that knows no geography, age, sex
or ethnic boundaries," Moya said. "We want to highlight that policy advocacy is
critical for addressing the causes of homelessness and promoting well-being of
homeless persons and those at risk of becoming homeless."

Linda Velarde, executive director of Villa Maria, a transitional living center
for single women, said programs for the homeless tend to be geared toward women
with children, and that single women fall to the bottom of the list of
priorities.

"The women that we assist lack access to a gynecologist, and they don't have
dental care or eye care," Velarde said. "And about 30 percent of the women
experience mental health issues. Despite all this, our success rate at Villa
Maria is really good."

There are few employers willing to hire people who live at homeless shelters,
and those who are offered jobs don't have transportation to get to and from
work, Velarde said.

Experts said the causes of homelessness include poverty, sudden economic
downturns, the need to flee violence in the home, mental health issues
(schizophrenia, bipolar and manic-depressive disorders), physical disabilities,
gaps in the foster care system, untreated traumas and substance abuse.

Anyone in the community can become homeless, Moya said.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at 546-6140

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In this file photo a panhandler who identified himself only as Pockets
received coins from a motorist at Gateway West and Hawkins Boulevard.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

Hillary gets set for a long slog against Sanders

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Jan. 19 -- Facing a tougher than expected challenge from Senator
Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Hillary Clinton's campaign is preparing for a primary
fight that could stretch into late April or early May and require a sprawling
field operation in states and territories from Pennsylvania to Guam.

With the Iowa caucuses in two weeks and Mr. Sanders's insurgent candidacy
chipping away at Mrs. Clinton's once formidable lead there, Clinton aides are
acknowledging that the road to the party's July convention could be an expensive
slog. "Remember, I campaigned all the way into June last time," Mrs. Clinton
told CNN last week. Even though the Clinton team has sought to convey that it
has built a national operation, the campaign has invested much of its resources
in the Feb. 1 caucuses in Iowa, hoping that a victory there could marginalize
Mr. Sanders and set Mrs. Clinton on the path to the nomination. As much as 90
percent of the campaign's resources are now split between Iowa and the Brooklyn
headquarters, according to an estimate provided by a person with direct
knowledge of the spending. The campaign denied that figure. The campaign boasted
last June, when Mrs. Clinton held her kickoff event on Roosevelt Island in New
York, that it had at least one paid staff member in all 50 states. But the
effort did not last, and the staff members were soon let go or reassigned. (Mrs.
Clinton's campaign manager, Robby Mook, said they had been hired as temporary
workers to sign up volunteers at the start of the campaign, an effort he said
had paid off organizationally.) The focus on Iowa, which still haunts Mrs.
Clinton after the stinging upset by Barack Obama there in 2008, has been so
intense that even organizers in New Hampshire, which holds its primary on Feb.
9, have complained to the campaign's leadership that they feel neglected.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      March 10, 2002 Sunday FINAL EDITION

DON'T COUNT THIS RACE OVER JUST YET;
IT WILL COME DOWN TO THOSE VOTERS IN THE MIDDLE

BYLINE: DAN HATFIELD, TIMES EDITORIAL PAGE EDITOR

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. P06

LENGTH: 949 words


GRAY DAVIS is a happy man. He got just what he wanted. This experienced
political hand gets to run a statewide campaign for re-election against a
political neophyte, a neophyte with no record of elected public service.

As if that weren't enough, this neophyte carries with him what has heretofore
been political death in such California races, a clear position opposing
abortion.

Davis could not have wished for anything more. In fact, he spent roughly $9
million attacking former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan to help ensure this
result.

On the surface this looks like a redo of 1998 when Davis was able to
successfully marginalize former Attorney General Dan Lungren as a right-wing
reactionary and capture most of the moderates and liberals in both political
parties. That allowed Davis to coast to a landslide victory.

Well, there is an old saying that you had be careful for what you wish for
because you just might get it.

That could well apply to Gray Davis.

Looking deeper at this race it is clear that there are some significant
differences between this contest and the one in 1998.

First of all, the sitting president who currently enjoys public popularity
happens to be a Republican and not a Democrat. Unless I miss my guess, that
sitting president is going to become William Simon's new best friend.

Yes, Bush encouraged Riodan to run, but that is water under the bridge.
Republicans desperately want to re-establish themselves as a force in the
nation's most populous state and they would like to do so before the 2004
presidential elections.

It is that election that will serve as kindling to fuel the flame of friendship
between Simon and President Bush.

Besides wanting to regain some GOP respectability in California, Bush has
personal interest here. Davis has made no secret that he would like to be
president of the United States. Those who scoff at that notion, once again
underestimate this man who is the poster child for overachievers.

If Davis should win re-election handily, the way he did in 1998, he would
immediately become a serious contender for the White House in 2004.

In fact, he is the kind of candidate whom the Democrats might just throw out
there as a sacrificial lamb when all the really big names in the party decide
they don't want to run against an incumbent president. You know, like they did
in 1992. Hmmm, that didn't exactly go as planned for those big names, did it?
Things happen in politics.

So what if the president has a new playmate in California? Bush lost the 2000
vote here by more than 1 million votes. What good could he do here for Simon?

Plenty, actually.

He could channel lots, and I mean lots, of party money into this race.

That money could serve a two-fold purpose. First, it could help Simon mount an
effective and sophisticated campaign. Second, even if Simon doesn't win, he may
well be able to bloody Davis enough to harm his chances of running for president
against Bush. If either happens, Bush is the big winner.

Another benefit for Bush will be that Simon's campaign gives the president a
golden opportunity to increase his visibility in California, which has been
virtually non-existent for the past two years. Bush and Vice President Dick
Cheney will be able to campaign for Simon all the while making sure that the
2004 campaign organization in the Golden State is in much better shape than it
was in 2000.

Another wild card in this mix is the enormous popularity of former New York
Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who is Simon's former boss when Simon was a federal
prosecutor in New York.

Clearly, Giuliani is one of the most popular people on the American political
scene right now because of his stellar performance as mayor of New York during
the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.

Giuliani stood tall and has become an American icon. It remains to be seen
whether that status is transferable, but his personal endorsement of Simon in
the primary raised Simon from the depths of poll obscurity to an interesting
candidate whom people were willing to give a second look.

The endorsement didn't do the whole job alone, but it certainly began the
process.

All in all, this is not a race that should be dismissed out of hand.

Yes, Davis will use his ample warchest to pay for ads that attack Simon's lack
of experience and, yes, he will begin to paint Simon as somewhere to the right
of the John Birch Society.

But Davis has some troublesome baggage of his own. Simon may look to attack
Davis on performance issues. Davis is vulnerable for his bungling of the energy
mess. Simon may take pains to point out that some of the ads being used by Davis
to attack him are funded from money Davis took from Enron, today's equivalent of
a political anti-Christ.

Another broadside target for Simon will be Davis' binge spending. The state's
annual budget increased 37 percent in three years and it moved from a $12
billion surplus to a $15 billion deficit. Not all of that is Davis' fault, but I
look for Simon to play a strong game of "Pin the Deficit on the Governor."

Another factor worth considering is the long time between the primary and the
general election. Both candidates have eight months, that's eight months, to
beat on each other. That is an absolute lifetime in politics, especially
California politics.

The bottom line here is that we shouldn't take this race lightly. It will once
again shape up as a battle for the hearts and minds of the people in middle of
the political spectrum. Many of those folks live right here in Contra Costa
County.

Hatfield is editorial page editor for Contra Costa Newspapers.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 20, 1996 Thursday

LENGTH: 341 words


Marcus Borg is both surprised and pleased by the nationwide discussion about the
work of the Jesus Seminar, of which he has been a member. Borg is a North Dakota
native, author, professor of religion at Oregon State University and now
national lecturer. Borg said the seminar began with two purposes -- to do some
biblical consciousness-raising and measure scholarly consensus about Jesus.

There has been much negative publicity about the Jesus Seminar, he said.
Articles have described participants as ""liberal scholars from the fringe,
rebel scholars out to destroy traditional Christianity.'' That's inaccurate, he
said. ""I do not recognize the group they've been reporting.'' Borg feels the
negativity is an attempt to ""marginalize'' the work of the Jesus Seminar along
with the historical-critical approach to Jesus scholarship. Using the words of
H.L. Mencken about people, Borg quoted, ""You might steal their money, seduce
their spouses, abuse their children and kick their dogs, but tamper with their
myths and you're in trouble.'' Borg finds tremendous encouragement in the
widespread interest in the work of the seminar and the historical Jesus.
""There's a very large appetite in our culture for another way of looking at the
Bible and the Christian tradition,'' he said. An older way of believing
collapsed for many thoughtful people in the last 30 to 40 years, he said, but a
strong religious interest remains. In fact, five different works about Jesus
have been on the best seller lists in the last four years. Borg and his friend
and colleague John Dominic Crossan receive a tremendous amount of mail from
people eager for an alternative that enables them to remain Christian or return
to the church, he said. ""Literally hundreds of individuals have come up to me
and said, "You've made it possible for me to be a Christian again,''' he said.
Borg is currently working on the final editing of a book based on his lectures
on ""Jesus at 2000,'' due to be published in November. He then begins on a new
work, ""Needing God Again.''

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 10, 2012 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Dear boss, I'm divorcing and bankrupt ...

BYLINE: Geoff Williams

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 968 words


You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal.

But at home, your life is a country song -- breakups, babies, debts, disease,
your truck broke down and your dog is sick.

Assuming your job isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill to your
colleagues?

Sharing personal details at work can be difficult terrain to navigate. Tell all
early and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your personal
life affects your work. But overshare, and you can marginalize yourself at the
one place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the more
anxiety-provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Of course, some personal details -- like pregnancy or that whole body cast from
your weekend skiing injury -- may be difficult to hide. But for everything else,
here is a quick primer for what, how and when to share at the office.

What do you have to tell?

Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule, you
should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance.

Legally, you're usually on solid ground if you keep your mouth shut, says Nigel
Telman, an employee attorney at law firm Proskauer Rose in Chicago. You aren't
even required to mention pregnancy, though of course you would have to if you
wanted to take maternity leave.

"The one exception is if you have an illness that could potentially put your
co-workers at risk of contracting the illness. For example, tuberculosis. Then
you must advise your employer of the situation," says Telman.

What do you want to tell?

If you have a soft fuzzy workplace and consider your boss your friend, you may
feel like telling more. Interestingly, workers' views on sharing may be affected
by their age, says Amy Lynch, a Minneapolis consultant, who offers corporate
seminars on managing multiple generations in the workforce.

"Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to share private info, even
if it impacts performance," she says. Generation X tends to share personal
dramas since, "withholding it might be unethical because it affects team
performance."

Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that kind of info with everybody.
They Facebook it."

And speaking of Facebook, don't post personal items on social networking sites
if you aren't going to disclose them at work. Your colleagues will find out. And
they will talk.

If you want to share with your colleagues, tell your boss first, says Niraj
Tenany, chief executive of Netwoven, a tech firm in Milpitas, Calif., with 45
employees. You could be putting your friend in an uncomfortable, or even
job-jeopardizing, position if you hand them work-related information before
telling your supervisor.

Know your rights

If you do tell your boss about your debt problems or your upcoming surgery, can
you be fired? Yes and no, says Telman.

In most cases, "employers have the right to terminate at will any employee for
any reason or no reason as long as it isn't an illegal reason," Telman says. So
in theory, if you offer up tales of how bill collectors are hounding you, and if
your employer decides you have a character flaw, you could be canned without any
legal recourse. The Family Medical and Leave Act, however, protects pregnant and
ill employees from being sacked because of their condition, says Telman.

Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tenn., firm with 125 employees. "Yes, I care and I am happy for you but only
share what is relevant to your work position."

If it's inevitable your employer will learn your news, get it out there early.
For pregnancies, three months is probably good timing, says Allison O'Kelly of
Moms Corps, a professional flexible staffing firm. "After that, I would tell
because you don't want to look like you're holding back. You want to look
helpful."

Have a plan

Offer a solution at the same time that you bring up the topic. If you need to
take time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which
colleagues could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the
evenings.

"You want to get the news out there early so your employer has more time to
prepare and support you, and so they don't feel blindsided," says Nicole
Williams, connection director at LinkedIn and author of several career books,
including "Earn What You're Worth."

Marty Kotis, president and CEO of Kotis Holdings, a Greensboro, N.C., shopping
center developer, appreciated it when one of his employees gave him two months
notice before the employee was going to be sidelined with back surgery.

"It gave us a chance to discuss how we were going to cover the work flow," says
Kotis.

Get help with the stress

Some corporations have employee assistance programs (EAPs) run by third-party
companies to help staff with personal problems.

They can save a company money, says Sarah Hulsey, the talent manager at Rising
Medical Solutions, a Chicago-based consulting firm that advises companies on
health benefits. If an employee can get help working out a knotty problem like
finding day care for a dependent parent, that can save hours and days of work
time. But there's another reason, says Hulsey: "The EAP is there so we don't
have that personal information shared in the workplace."

There are good reasons for companies to support valued employees.

"The more flexible I can be," Kotis says, "it helps me retain some really good
staff members."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: How much is too much to share with your boss or colleagues? Unless the
information will affect your job, like the heavy boozing favored by "The Office"
character Meredith Palmer (played by actress Kate Flannery), consider keeping
quiet. Provided by NBC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              April 17, 2002, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Nader rally in Tampa deserved better coverage

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 1866 words



Saturday evening I attended the Ralph Nader rally at the Sun Dome in Tampa. The
dome was filled. Thousands of people appeared to show their support for the one
party that gives Americans an opportunity to re-establish a people's democracy
as opposed to a corporate oligarchy. If President Bush is as popular as
reported, everyone in the United States who is opposed to his antediluvian
schemes must have been in that stadium.

Nevertheless, reports of this event appeared in your paper inside the B section.

You chose instead to report on Al Gore's rally in Orlando, 90 miles away
(reportedly a smaller rally than that for Nader) on the front page of the A
section. Huge colored photos were included inside.

Gore was defeated in the last election, not by Nader, but by his own inability
to carry his own state, by his wimpish performance in debates with an
inarticulate Bush, and by his own unwillingness to embrace with enthusiasm any
important issues that might alienate someone on the right. I cannot see how he -
or his cohorts - fights with any vigor for earlier goals of Democrats. They are,
in matters of defense expenditures, campaign financing, environmental protection
and especially health care, merely reluctant, lukewarm Republicans.

If papers like yours continue to marginalize people like Nader, this country
will become increasingly a one-party nation. Both parties now accept huge
donations from one corporation or another. Unfortunately, both groups - judging
by your handling of the two rallies - also control the media.

Graal Braun, Palm Harbor

Missing the point

Re: At USF rally, Nader rips away at big corporations, April 14.

I expected better from a St. Petersburg Times reporter. I left the Tampa Tribune
for the Times hoping the reporting would give me facts without a bias. After
reading the article by John Balz, I am having to re-evaluate that idea.

I went to that Ralph Nader rally at the University of South Florida in Tampa and
saw that there were well over 6,000 attendees, but the Democratic convention
with one-third the number of attendees received front-page coverage. Why did the
Nader rally not get coverage on that page also?

I am not a cult member, nor do I have multiple body piercings or wear hemp
clothes. I observed that most of the other attendees did not follow the
stereotyping that you alluded to. I went for information so that I could make an
informed decision at election time. Your cheap shots at the presentation of
Nader's speech were unprofessional. You did not report on the issues that were
discussed. I think you gravely missed the point.

Florence Duchnowski, Odessa

The real agenda was ignored

Ralph Nader warned us at the "People Have the Power" rally at the USF Sun Dome
Saturday night to watch the coverage of the event, and to compare it with that
of the concurrently held Florida Democratic Convention in Orlando, whose
attendance was less than half of the Nader rally's.

The Democratic convention article was on the front page, and the Nader article
was buried in the local section. The Nader article described carob chip cookies,
a booth promoting nude beaches and people with body piercings. However, the
majority of the 5,000 attendees of all age brackets were dressed in conventional
casual clothing. The sensationalism of mentioning nude beaches was misleading,
as the article ignored the real agenda: living wage laws, corporate corruption,
electoral process reforms, universal health care, poverty, education, renewable
sources of energy and NAFTA. And it was disrespectful to refer to Ralph Nader, a
consumer activist for 40 years and former presidential candidate as a "cult
hero."

In contrast, the Democratic convention article discussed the party agenda, not
the clothing worn, and the speakers were mentioned with their credentials, not
condescending name-calling. I expected a more unbiased approach from the St.
Petersburg Times.

Sharon K. Gordon, St. Pete Beach

A pathetic display

Your coverage of the Ralph Nader rally was, for a lack of a better word,
pathetic. I suppose I'm not surprised that the much smaller "Democratic" rally
received top priority, but I would think that one of the largest political
rallies in the Tampa Bay area in 20 years would get more than a condescending
article about nose rings and rich-people bashing.

Thank you for reminding me that the St. Petersburg Times and the Tampa Tribune
are as much one and the same as the Democratic and Republican parties.

Soraya Zaumeyer, St. Petersburg

Political debate stifled

In Orlando Saturday night, 2,500 party faithful attended the Florida Democratic
Convention.  On the same night, more than 5,000 attended Ralph Nader's "People
Have the Power" tour at the USF Sun Dome.

The next day's St. Petersburg Times gave the Democrats prominent coverage:
stories on the front page and in the B section. The Greens were covered next to
obituaries - with a photograph of Nader not much larger than those of the
deceased.

Granted Ralph looks a bit moribund in the photo, but accusations of media bias
ring true. A gathering with twice the number of people received one-fourth the
press coverage. Dozens of booths ran the gamut of political causes at the Green
rally, but Times reporter John Balz singled out the naturists, or nudists.

Once again, the Times has done its part to stifle genuine political debate.

Thomas Hallock, St. Petersburg

Deputies did nothing wrong

Re: Stolen car chase kills 3 teenagers, April 12.

I'd like to correct the mothers who stated that deputies from the Hillsborough
Sheriff's Department shouldn't have chased the fleeing felons, and that the
deputies were wrong for doing so.

 The Hillsborough County sheriff's deputies did nothing wrong that evening. In
fact, the deputies who placed the stop stick did so at the risk of their own
lives to prevent the loss of life and/or serious injury among the law-abiding
motorists that night. I raise my hat to them.

It never ceases to amaze me how some people can break the law and they or other
people will still somehow blame the police for it. The people who should
rightfully bear the blame for any wrongdoing are the juveniles who stole the
car, of course, as well as the people who had the responsibility for raising
them. With an attitude of "they (the deputies) were wrong," it's plain to see
how the kids who stole the vehicle got so screwed up in the first place. Their
values obviously mirrored the flawed values that their parents taught them.

Mark Martin, Tampa

Further Christian distinctions

Re: The two Christianities, letter, April 12.

The letter writers say, "The liberal version of Christianity regards
Christianity as a tradition subject to alteration at whim, with such revisions
generally coinciding with changing mores or political expediency. The biblical
version stresses conformity in precept and action to the Bible as the word of
God."

Aside from the fact that there are as many different versions of Christianity as
there are Christians, there is another way to make the letter writers'
distinction: Liberal Christians believe that God did not finish speaking to
humanity 2,000 years ago, but speaks to us every day, whether we are listening
or not. "Biblical" Christians believe that a collection of documents that ranges
from 2,000 to 3,000 years old ought to be treated as though it were written not
during the Iron Age but a few decades ago - and not to an audience of
Mediterranean collector-hunters, nomads and farmers, but to King James I of
England.

Liberal Christians take the Bible just as seriously as "biblical" Christians do;
we merely believe that we are living in 2002 C.E., not in 2002 B.C.E.

Mary W. Matthews, St. Petersburg

Raising awareness of sexual assault

On behalf of rape prevention and education centers around the state, I'd like to
commend Gov. Jeb Bush for designating today as the first-ever Florida Sexual
Assault Awareness Day. The need is clear. Over 12,000 sexual assaults were
reported to Florida law enforcement just last year, while many more individuals
suffered in silence. Rape impacts every part of victims' lives, and their
families and communities also feel the devastating effects of this crime.

These very communities are banding together today to "Create Change &
Awareness." Rape crisis programs in nearly 30 cities across Florida are holding
events in recognition of Sexual Assault Awareness Day. Look for teal ribbons -
the national symbol of sexual assault awareness - and learn more about rape
crisis programs in your area. If more people understand this serious problem and
know where to turn for prevention information and recovery services, we'll have
done our job.

Beverly Harris Elliott, executive director, Florida Council

Against Sexual Violence, Tallahassee

A call for phone service competition

Re: Phone bill will hurt many Floridians, letter, April 5.


It's time for the silent majority to speak on the telephone bill that the
Legislature passed. My husband and I are longtime members of the AARP. It's a
great organization, but it's dead wrong urging the governor to veto the bill.

Common sense and high-school economics (I'm a retired bookkeeper) tells me that
you can't have competition in a market with subsidized prices. By eliminating
the subsidies, every service can pay its own way and competition will take care
of the rest.

As for the $ 5 local-rate increase over the space of five years affecting
low-income people, it sounds as though the bill expands the number of people
eligible for Lifeline by 25 percent. A million Floridians could get virtually
free phone service, and their bills would not be affected by any price
increases.

Phone service is a bargain compared to other necessities. The price of gas (a
purchase necessary to get the general public to work) jumps a few cents each
day.

We need competition in local phone service.

Virginia R. Gildrie, St. Petersburg

Not dying to know

Re: Hair dye at root of character charges, April 13.

This whole article revolves around one question: whether German Chancellor
Gerhard Schroeder dyes his dark-brown hair. My answer is: Who cares?

It's articles like this that make me want to subscribe to a different newspaper.

Pamela H. Ericson, St. Petersburg

Share your opinions

We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be addressed to
Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. They also can be
sent by fax to (727) 893-8675.

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.

  For e-mail users: Letters can be sent by e-mail to letters@sptimes.com.
E-mail messages must be text only and cannot include attachments. If you're
using a word processing program to write the message, you must use its "Save as"

 function to save it as a text file, then import it into your e-mail program.
Please include your return e-mail address, as well as your name, mailing address
and phone number, in the text of the message.


LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON, DON ADDIS; Two snakes representing the Mid-East are tangled up
together while a ranger, with Powell on his hat, looks at a book about Knots.

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 25, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

After the Taliban

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 402 words


With American warplanes now directly supporting Afghanistan's rebel Northern
Alliance, there is an urgent need to come up with a viable plan for the
installation of a new government in Kabul. The alliance's ground forces can be
an important military asset in dislodging the Taliban. But its fractious and
ethnically unrepresentative leaders must not be allowed to exploit an
American-backed drive on the capital to position themselves as the nation's
dominant political figures. Such a lopsided government would have little chance
of gaining nationwide legitimacy or acceptance by important neighbors like
Pakistan.

Many of the Northern Alliance's leaders are the same people whose murderous
feuding and misgovernment between 1992 and 1996 helped open the way for the
Taliban takeover. The alliance's ranking political leader, Burhanuddin Rabbani,
served as Afghanistan's president in the early 1990's and twice plunged the
country into civil war. One of its top generals, Abdul Rashid Dostum, is
infamous for brutality and ever-shifting political allegiances.

Almost wholly absent from the Northern Alliance leadership are members of
Afghanistan's largest ethnic group, the Pashtuns. A government that marginalizes
Pashtuns would be unacceptable to Pakistan and would undermine its leader, Gen.
Pervez Musharraf, who has taken political risks to align himself with the United
States. Those Pashtun leaders who now make up the Taliban high command can have
no place in Afghanistan's future government. Other Pashtuns, whose cooperation
with the Taliban has been purely pragmatic, should be considered. It is not the
role of the United States or any other country to impose the next Afghan
government. What Washington and its allies need to do, in conjunction with the
United Nations representative Lakhdar Brahimi, is encourage efforts already
under way to convene a broad constituent assembly. It could be headed by a
widely accepted figure like Afghanistan's exiled king.

Should Northern Alliance forces soon fight their way into Kabul, Washington and
its allies would achieve an important symbolic success. America's larger goal,
however, is to defeat and replace the Taliban throughout Afghanistan so that
Osama bin Laden's terrorist network can no longer find shelter there. Achieving
that objective requires forming a coalition that reaches well beyond the
discredited warlords of the Northern Alliance.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

As with the number of music genres before it, has the testosterone-fueled
'Bro-Country' run its course?

SECTION: GU,GU; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 974 words


It has to happen. And it always does.

Whenever a movement in popular music is diluted, co-opted by folks eager to dumb
it down in order to make a quick buck, or simply populated by artists who have
managed to disappear deep within their own self-importance, something fresh
comes along to clear the field.

It happened when the Beatles - most notably, but of course, a host of British
Invasion bands took part - arrived to kick the saccharine likes of Fabian and
Pat Boone to the curb. It happened again when Bob Dylan "went electric," and the
San Francisco bands psychedelicized Americana in order to marginalize the
pomposity of folk music purism. It happened when punk arrived to return urgency
to a rock scene that, while it had managed to produce some timeless art, was in
danger of losing touch with anything resembling the primal. It happened when a
host of artists from the Pacific Northwest married punk to heavy rock and made a
generation of hair metal posers appear as elegantly coiffed, spandex-adorned
clowns.

Is it country music's turn for what a writer from the Guardian recently called
its "Nirvana moment"? Yeah, it would seem to be. For just as those Pacific
Northwest bands birthed something organic and new, and less high-minded
individuals turned it into Creed and Nickelback, so, too, have genuinely
talented country songwriters been pushed out of the way to make room for what is
now routinely being referred to as "Bro-Country." (It's a term that's becoming a
cliché, but it's so hilarious and on-point that I can't resist.)What exactly is
"Bro-Country"? If you've heard the likes of Luke Bryan, Florida Georgia Line,
Toby Keith or Jason Aldean, to name but a few of the artists trading in this
"style," you've heard "Bro-Country." The name for this subgenre is, quite
obviously, a patronizing one, implying that it is music appreciated
predominantly by guys who like to take their shirts off at concerts, refer to
each other as "bro" - as in, "Bro, did you just see that chick, bro?" - and
guzzle large quantities of beer before attending a gig by their favorite artist.
The music itself is generally middle-of-the-road pop-rock with occasional
dobros, fiddles and pedal steel guitars painting a thin country veneer across
the top, and lyrics that celebrate bad sexual punning, drinking, tailgating and
the like as patriotic activities. Somehow.Any connection with the revered
tradition of Southern and Appalachian folk music, with its often rich
storytelling and everyman-vernacular-as-poetry tendencies, is at best
tangential.

This music is immensely popular, and artists who trade in it routinely sell out
concert halls, festival stages and outdoor sheds. But then, bands like Warrant,
Europe, White Lion, Winger and Autograph were once immensely popular artists
capable of filling concert halls, too. (A few of the cheesiest hair-metal bands
from that era still manage to pack 'em in these days - Poison and Bon Jovi being
the two most obvious examples.) A quarter century on, we remember the "grunge"
bands who came along to obliterate hair-metal - Soundgarden, Nirvana, Pearl Jam,
heck, even the Melvins and Mudhoney - much more favorably than we do their
immediate Aqua Net-loving predecessors. Why? It's not just because they are of a
more recent vintage. It's because they came along to do away with something that
had been turned into a mockery - something that, at first, was organic, genuine
and authentic. (Hair-metal was watered-down heavy metal that wanted to grab the
massive pop audience. Meaning, the audience that had the females in it.) The
best songs associated with "grunge" just plain had more durability, because they
were better-written.

The truth is, though things with "Bro-Country" have gotten so far out of hand by
this point - it's a subform that has been cynically dumbed down at best, and can
be borderline misogynist at worst - country already has had its "Nirvana
moment." Your Florida Georgia Lines and Jason Aldeans are still hanging around
by the corporate keg - full of godawful cheap light beer, naturally - but in
truth, the party is long over. People are just now getting around to telling
these folks that, hey, maybe it's time you thought about heading home, bro?

"Bro-Country's" Nirvana moment happened in 2013, when Jason Isbell released
"Southeastern," reminding us in the process what country music could actually
sound like when it isn't being used to peddle watery beer and oversized pickup
trucks. Isbell's songwriting is the Kurt Cobain flannel shirt to Florida Georgia
Line's pop-country version of Vince Neil's outfit, circa Motley Crue's "Theatre
of Pain." Beautiful, haunting story-songs, rootsy Americana bent to a creative
individual will - Isbell proved that not only can country music contain these,
but that such music can still command an audience. Of course, Isbell plays
theaters and large clubs, while Florida Georgia Line and the like play arenas.
But that's just a matter semantics, really - Bon Jovi played to bigger crowds
than Nirvana did, too. It didn't matter then, and it doesn't matter now -
substantive change always takes a while to reach the mainstream. When it does,
it has usually already been ruined. And for ruined, read "co-opted by people who
see it as an opportunity to make a quick killing."

Blake Shelton made noise on Twitter recently in reaction to the "Bro-Country"
backlash, offering the rather lukewarm defense that "country music is always
changing" as a way of suggesting that, well, it's all good, bro. It isn't all
good, though, and hasn't been for a good while.Isbell may be the brightest of
the newer country bunch, but there are others - Jamey Johnson, Sturgill Simpson,
Kacey Musgraves among them. And there will be more.

Shelton is right - country music, like every other genre, must change. So bring
it on.

email: jmiers@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           December 22, 2005 Thursday

Bill of Rights is sinking

LENGTH: 161 words


It's a measure of how far we've sunk as a nation that the pace of social
progress is now set, not by visionary lawmakers of the sort that gave us the the
Bill of Rights, but by corporations. America's best companies have learned that
they cannot afford to marginalize workers. They therefore give gay employees the
same benefits as their heterosexual colleagues. If the Utah Legislature wants to
follow Gov. Jon Huntsman's lead in attracting America's best companies to Utah,
it would do well to take a page out of corporate America's handbook. At the very
least, it should stop portraying Utah as a backwater, dominated by the
self-righteous and the narrow-minded.

When the Legislature, instead of wasting time denigrating homosexuals, directs
its ire against companies such as Wal-Mart, which doesn't give its employees a
living wage and health insurance, then and only then will I believe that it is
acting on behalf of family values. Ed Firmage Jr. Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 19, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

No Hero, Trump Says of McCain, Stirring Outrage

BYLINE: By JONATHAN MARTIN and ALAN RAPPEPORT

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1296 words


AMES, Iowa --  Donald J. Trump has made his name in politics with provocative
statements, but it was not until Saturday, after the flamboyant businessman
turned presidential candidate belittled Senator John McCain's war record, that
many Republicans concluded that silence or equivocation about Mr. Trump's
incendiary rhetoric was inadequate.

Mr. Trump upended a Republican presidential forum here, and the race more
broadly, by saying of the Arizona senator and former prisoner of war: ''He's not
a war hero. He's a war hero because he was captured. I like people who weren't
captured.''

Mr. McCain, a naval aviator, was shot down during the Vietnam War and held
prisoner for more than five years in Hanoi, refusing early release even after
being repeatedly beaten.

Mr. Trump and Mr. McCain have been engaged in a war of words over the past week,
since the Arizona senator said that Mr. Trump was riling up ''crazies'' in the
party with the inflammatory remarks about illegal immigrants from Mexico.

Yet Mr. Trump's comments on Saturday drew condemnation from his rivals and
senior officials in the party at a scale far greater than the response to his
portrayal of Mexican immigrants as rapists. The response was an indication of
the reverence many Republicans have for military service and sacrifice. But it
was also something more: their best opening yet to marginalize Mr. Trump.

After weeks when many of them treaded lightly around Mr. Trump, who once again
Saturday refused to rule out a third-party run, Republican leaders seized the
opportunity to unambiguously speak out against a candidate they see as
effectively hijacking their primaries.

Yet for all the outrage among party elites, some attendees at the Christian
conservative conference where Mr. Trump made his comments were not nearly as
offended, a reminder of the chasm between the Republican power structure and its
grass roots.

With his attack on Mr. McCain, Mr. Trump, whose caustic language about
immigration has lifted him in early polls, created a new, revealing litmus test
for how the Republican presidential hopefuls are handling the bombastic real
estate mogul.

Several of Mr. Trump's Republican opponents immediately denounced his comments,
and one said the remarks disqualified him from the presidency.

''Donald Trump owes every American veteran and in particular John McCain an
apology,'' said Rick Perry, the former Texas governor, upon taking the stage.
Mr. Perry argued that Mr. Trump's comment made him unfit to be commander in
chief.

Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said that anybody serious about being
president would not be disrespectful of prisoners of war, and predicted that the
early nominating states would render an unmistakable verdict on Mr. Trump's
candidacy.

''Here's what I think they're going to say: 'Donald Trump, you're fired,' '' Mr.
Graham said to laughs and applause.

For Mr. Perry and Mr. Graham, both retired Air Force officers who have struggled
to get traction in the race, Mr. Trump's comments represented an opportunity to
highlight their own military service and demonstrate to primary voters that they
would not tolerate any impugning of a veteran.

As telling was the difference between how Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin and
Senator Ted Cruz of Texas reacted to Mr. Trump. Both are running aggressively in
Iowa and pursuing the sort of conservative voters who are now considering Mr.
Trump.

Mr. Walker, who leads in early Iowa polls, had previously resisted criticizing
Mr. Trump. But in a sign of how quickly Mr. Trump's provocation reshaped the
expectations of how candidates should treat him, Mr. Walker immediately changed
course after Mr. Trump questioned Mr. McCain's military record.

''I unequivocally denounce him,'' Mr. Walker said at a campaign stop in Sioux
City, Iowa.

Mr. Cruz, who poses a threat here on Mr. Walker's right, was more cautious. He
told reporters before his remarks here that Mr. McCain is ''an American hero,''
but added that he would not ''say something bad about Donald Trump.''

Mr. Cruz's reluctance to confront Mr. Trump was perhaps best explained by the
reaction to Mr. Perry's denunciation: While many in the crowd applauded, the
ovation did not last long and nobody in the audience of nearly 3,000 stood to
show their approval.

''It was not important to me,'' said Rose Kendall, an attendee from Burlington,
Iowa, of Mr. Trump's comment on Mr. McCain. ''He said that because John McCain
talked him down.''

Many Democrats noted that there had been far less opprobrium for Mr. Trump after
he began his candidacy in June by saying of Mexican immigrants: ''They're
bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're rapists and some, I assume, are
good people.''

Republicans also treated the businessman more delicately in the 2012 campaign,
when Mitt Romney, the party's nominee, sought and publicly accepted Mr. Trump's
endorsement even after the businessman had questioned whether President Obama
was born in the United States.

Speaking to reporters after his turn on stage, Mr. Trump tried to soften the
remarks, saying that any United States veteran who was a prisoner of war was
heroic. He also shifted his comments to assuage veterans, saying that Mr. McCain
had failed to address their needs.

''I'm with the veterans all the time,'' he said. ''I consider them heroes.''

Asked about his own military draft status, Mr. Trump, 69, said that he received
medical deferments from the Vietnam War because of a bone spur in his foot. Mr.
Trump could not recall which foot was afflicted.

Yet Mr. Trump's awkward and ill-suited remarks about religion and marriage here
may have done more damage to his candidacy, at least with Christian
conservatives.

''I'm a religious person,'' Mr. Trump offered. ''I go to church. Do I do things
that are wrong? I guess so.''

Mr. Trump also struggled to answer if he had ever sought forgiveness from God,
before reluctantly acknowledging that he had not. ''If I do something wrong, I
try to do something right,'' he said. ''I don't bring God into that picture.''

And Mr. Trump raised eyebrows with language rarely heard before an evangelical
audience -- saying ''damn'' and ''hell'' when discussing education and the
economy -- while also describing the taking of communion in glib terms. ''When
we go in church and I drink the little wine, which is about the only wine I
drink, and I eat the little cracker -- I guess that's a form of asking
forgiveness,'' Mr. Trump said.

If all that was not enough to roil the button-downed crowd, he also described
his three marriages in starkly frank terms, conceding that he had difficulty
finding a work-life balance.

''It was a work thing, it wasn't a bad thing,'' Mr. Trump said. ''It was very
hard for anybody to compete against the work.''

Despite his marital problems over the years, Mr. Trump said that he was always
available to his children and that he did his best to have dinner with them on
most nights even when his work was grueling. He worked hard, he said, to instill
good values and steer them away from drugs, alcohol and cigarettes.

''I was actually a great father,'' Mr. Trump said. ''I was a better father than
I was a husband.''

It was these comments, not his attack on Mr. McCain, that prompted the most
muttering and unease in the audience.

''Well, I was turned off at the very start because I didn't like his language,''
Becky Kruse, of Lovilia, Iowa, said of Mr. Trump, not mentioning his comments
about Mr. McCain. Ms. Kruse said she likes Mr. Trump's hard line on immigration
and came to the event considering him. ''I was not too impressed,'' she said,
noting Mr. Trump's comment about not seeking God's forgiveness. ''He sounds like
he isn't really a born-again Christian.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/19/us/politics/trump-belittles-mccains-war-record
.html

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Donald Trump spoke to reporters in Ames, Iowa, on Saturday,
after belittling Senator John McCain's Vietnam War record. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSHUA
LOTT FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A17)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      June 24, 2000 Saturday Final Edition

Taking a hard look at 'Mockingbird'

SOURCE: The Los Angeles Times

BYLINE: Scott Martelle

SECTION: WEEKEND ARTS; Pg. W07

LENGTH: 1067 words


In the 40 years since Harper Lee's To Kill A Mockingbird was first published, it
has evolved into a key classroom tool for teachers trying to engage students in
such issues as racism, intolerance and the personal cost of taking a moral
stand.

Yet some educators have been taking a more critical view of the novel, which
explores attempts by fictional white lawyer Atticus Finch to defend a black man
wrongly accused of rape, and of the lessons it contains for the classroom.

These critics say the novel represents a white view of racism that marginalizes
both the lives and the pains of the very people it seeks to humanize -- blacks
living in the Deep South during the Great Depression.

And, they say, white students see one set of lessons in the story, while black
students often see another.

Carol Ricker-Wilson, a secondary language arts consultant for the Toronto school
district and a former English teacher, used the novel several years ago in a
multi-ethnic 11th-grade classroom, and was surprised to find that white students
connected with the novel while many black students rejected it as demoralizing.

That experience led her to conclude that Mockingbird exemplifies what Nobel
Prize-winning author Toni Morrison described as a national body of work written
under the tacit assumption that the reading audience is white and that whiteness
doesn't exist as a race, but as an unquestioned and unexplored point of
departure for engaging the world.

"We make whiteness invisible -- 'We're not a race, black people are,'" said
Ricker-Wilson, a white Philadelphia native who wrote about her experience in the
academic English Journal, published by the National Council of Teachers of
English.

Rather than drop Mockingbird, though, she recommends twinning it with books on
similar topics by black authors. Among those: Mildred D. Taylor's Roll Of
Thunder, Hear My Cry about a black girl coming of age in the South in the '30s;
Ouida Sebestyen's Words By Heart (Little, Brown, 1979), narrated by a young
black girl living in a small Southwestern town, and Walter Dean Myers' The Glory
Field (Scholastic, 1994), tracing five generations of a family from Africa
through American slavery.

Still, many teachers say Mockingbird remains relevant because of the
timelessness of its underlying issues.

"The message is very important and still very applicable today -- not
necessarily from the racial standpoint, but the whole idea of not judging a
person until you put yourself in their position," said Jennifer Nocera, a
teacher who directed a stage version of To Kill A Mockingbird at Victor Valley
High School in Victorville, Calif., last winter. "I think it's an important
message for high schoolers or any person."

Loosely based on the infamous Scottsboro Boys trials in Alabama in the 1930s, To
Kill A Mockingbird explores the ramifications of a judge's decision to appoint a
local lawyer, Atticus Finch, to defend Tom Robinson, a black man accused of
raping Mayella Ewell, a young white woman whose father spotted her kissing
Robinson.

The novel is told through the eyes of nine-year-old Scout, Finch's tomboy
daughter, as she, her brother, Jem, and Dill, a neighbour boy (based on author
Truman Capote, Lee's real-life childhood friend), learn that their idyllic small
town is not all it seems. And that justice is not always blind.

"It is from the white perspective, from a racist kind of view," said Tiana
Dudley, 16, of Victorville, who portrayed Finch's housekeeper Calpurnia in the
Victor Valley production. "You don't see much about the African American
characters; you don't get to know them on a personal level. ... But it
definitely has a (universal) message behind it. I know it's basically about
racism but that's not all that you can get out of it."

Dudley, who is black, prefers to view the play as a coming-of-age story. In her
reading, the story rests on the actions of individuals when confronted with
their moral beliefs rather than about the interplay between racists and the
oppressed.

"It just makes people think," she said.

But think about what?

In the novel, black characters exist largely as tools to help white characters
successfully test their ethics, said Richard Yarborough, associate professor of
English and a faculty research associate at the University of California, Los
Angeles' Centre for African American Studies.

"The black character is the victim and he or she becomes the test upon which any
struggle for moral satisfaction on the part of the white saviour is waged," said
Yarborough, who is black.

He finds similarities to the 1996 movie, A Time To Kill, based on the John
Grisham novel in which a white lawyer defends a black Mississippi man accused of
killing two white men who raped his 10-year-old daughter. In both fictional
situations, the black man is portrayed as defenceless until the white man
intervenes, Yarborough said. In both stories, the black character dies.

"The fact that we have travelled so short a distance from To Kill A Mockingbird
to A Time To Kill is remarkable," he said. "These texts tend to sentimentalize
the black character tremendously, and objectify these characters in a very
simplistic way. They don't have much personal life and rarely is the black
community embodied."

One result is that only the white characters have entered the American psyche.
Young female readers of To Kill A Mockingbird identify with Scout, and young
lawyers find a role model in Finch.

Conversely, when Tom Robinson and Calpurnia are recalled, it usually is by role
-- the black defendant and the black housekeeper.

Nancy Louise Rutherford, a former English teacher at Los Angeles' Belmont High
School who runs a Web site annotating dialect and cultural references in
Mockingbird, also thinks students need to understand how race affects
perspective.

"If we're going to take the view that it's a book written by a white woman for a
white audience about racism, that's a view, too, and you need to understand that
world view," said Rutherford, who runs a language arts lab at the school. "Just
like when you read Huckleberry Finn, you have to set it in context.

"Sometimes I think we get really focused on these little details and we forget
in the grand scheme that this is a very well-written book that has a lot of
things to teach -- not just about tolerance, but about how to grow up, and how
to get along."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gregory Peck as Atticus Finch, with Mary Badham in To Kill A
Mockingbird.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

How to Explain Split Between Popular Vote and Electoral College

BYLINE: By NATE COHN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; THE 2016 RACE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1965 words


With an expected win in the Electoral College today, Donald J. Trump will seal
his presidential victory -- despite losing the national popular vote by a
significant margin.

His Electoral College lead should be substantial, since he won states worth 306
electoral votes to 232 from states won by Hillary Clinton. Yet the nearly final
popular vote count has him trailing by nearly three million votes, or 2.1
percentage points, the largest deficit for a winning candidate since 1876's
notorious election.

How exactly did we end up with such divergent results?

Liberals say Mr. Trump's victory is proof that the Electoral College is biased
against big states and undemocratically marginalizes urban and nonwhite voters.
Conservatives say the Electoral College serves as a necessary bulwark against
big states, preventing California in particular from imposing ''something like
colonial rule over the rest of the nation,'' as the conservative analyst Michael
Barone put it. California sided with Mrs. Clinton by a vote margin of four
million, or 30 percentage points.

Both sides have a point. But in the end, Mr. Trump won for a simple reason: The
Electoral College's (largely) winner-take-all design gives a lot of weight to
battleground states. Mr. Trump had an advantage in the traditional battlegrounds
because most are whiter and less educated than the country as a whole.

But Mr. Trump's success in those states isn't just about demographics. It's
about quirks of history, like the outcome of a battle over Toledo, Ohio. It's
about gains by Mrs. Clinton that went unrewarded. It's also about plain luck.

No, not regionalism

One argument in favor of the Electoral College is that it doesn't reward
regionalism: a candidate who wins with huge margins in one part of the country.
That's because a winner-take-all system doesn't reward any additional votes
beyond what's necessary to win a state or a region. You get all of Florida's
electoral votes, whether you win it by 537 or 537,000 votes.

A good example of how regionalism can drive a popular-electoral vote split is
the 1888 election. The Democrat, Grover Cleveland, won the popular vote by
nearly a point, but he lost the Electoral College by a margin similar to Mrs.
Clinton's.

Why? He won the popular vote by dominating the Deep South, where white
supremacist Democrats had succeeded in disenfranchising Republican black voters
since the end of Reconstruction. Even progressives would consider this a moral
victory for the Electoral College.

Mrs. Clinton's big win in California was, on paper, potentially enough to be
''responsible'' for the electoral-popular vote split in the same way that the
Deep South drove Mr. Cleveland's popular vote win in 1888.

But unlike the situation in 1888, Mrs. Clinton's huge victory in California
(along with the District of Columbia and Hawaii, where Mrs. Clinton won by a
higher percentage than she did in California) was almost entirely canceled out
by Mr. Trump's dominance of his base states -- which we'll call Appalachafornia
-- from West Virginia to Wyoming. (''Appalachafornia'' consists of West
Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Alabama, Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska,
Wyoming, Montana, Idaho, North Dakota and South Dakota.)

Mrs. Clinton led in the rest of the country by the same two-point margin after
excluding Appalachafornia and California -- and yet she still loses the
Electoral College vote by about the same margin.

That's not how it went in 1888: The Republicans didn't waste nearly as many
votes in their best states, so they actually led in the vote in the rest of the
country. They won the Electoral College as well.

Whatever danger conservatives face from ''imperial'' California in a popular
vote is matched by the threat Democrats would face from an ''imperial''
Appalachafornia. Regionalism alone is not why Mr. Trump won without the popular
vote.

No, not small-state bias

The Electoral College isn't just a check against regionalism. It also reflects
our federal system by awarding an electoral vote for every senator and
representative. The result is that small states get more sway, since senators
aren't awarded by population.

Wyoming, the least populous state, has one-sixty-sixth of California's
population. Yet it has one-eighteenth of California's electoral votes.

In general, the Electoral College's small-state bias does hurt the Democrats. In
fact, the small-state bias tipped the 2000 election. Al Gore would have won the
presidency, 225 to 211, if electors were just awarded by representative, not by
senators and representatives.

But the small-state bias was almost entirely irrelevant to Mr. Trump's
advantage. Mrs. Clinton won plenty of small states -- she won seven of the 12
smallest. Mr. Trump, meanwhile, won plenty of big states -- in fact, he won
seven of the 10 largest.

As a consequence, the result would have been virtually identical if states had
not received electoral votes for their senators. It would have even been the
same if the electors had been apportioned exactly by a state's population.

Battleground bias

O.K., so it's not California and it's not small-state bias. What is it?

It's the Electoral College's most straightforward bias: The battleground states
count the most.

Mrs. Clinton did well in noncompetitive states and ''wasted'' popular votes that
didn't earn her any more electoral votes, while Mr. Trump did just well enough
in competitive states to pick up their electoral votes.

There are, of course, two halves to this effect:

â-  Mrs. Clinton fared better in the remaining blue states, outside of
California and Hawaii, than Mr. Trump did in the remaining red states, outside
of ''Appalachafornia.''

Mrs. Clinton won states like Illinois and New York by a much larger margin than
Mr. Trump won similarly sized red states like Georgia and Texas.

Compared with President Obama in 2012, Mrs. Clinton made sizable gains in many
of the red states outside of Appalachafornia, including a big seven-point
improvement in Texas -- yet won no electoral votes from them.

â-  Mr. Trump did very well in the battleground states. Depending on how the
battlegrounds are defined, the vote there either broke for Mr. Trump or was
virtually tied -- a huge improvement over Mitt Romney's showing in 2012.

Mr. Trump won a lopsided electoral vote tally from those states by narrowly
winning four of the five states decided by around one point or less: Florida,
Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Outside of those five states, the
electoral vote was basically tied, with Mr. Trump edging out Mrs. Clinton, 231
to 228 (and leading by the margin of small-state bias).

The imbalance between competitive and battleground states is somewhat similar to
a regionalism issue, at least in a mathematical sense: Mrs. Clinton won the
''blue states'' by a wider margin than Mr. Trump won the ''red states.'' The
rest of the country -- the battlegrounds -- voted Republican, and so did the
Electoral College.

But this isn't a regionalism issue. The ''solid red'' and ''solid blue'' states
where Mr. Trump failed to make gains include a clear majority of the country's
Electoral College votes, population and actual votes. The regional anomaly was
the Midwest, and it just so happens that in a winner-take-all system Mr. Trump's
strength in the Midwestern battleground states yielded a lot of Electoral
College votes.

There's a real demographic reason for it: Most of the traditional battleground
states are much whiter, less educated and particularly less Hispanic than the
rest of the country.

But the demographics alone don't quite do justice to Mr. Trump's victory in the
Electoral College. In the end, he won the battleground states by just a
one-point margin -- but claimed three-fourths of their Electoral College votes.

He won four of the five closest states, winning 75 of 79 votes at stake.

There has never been a close election in the United States in which one
candidate has claimed such a resounding electoral vote margin out of the closest
states.

For lack of a better word: Mr. Trump had some very good luck.

There's nothing about the distribution of Mrs. Clinton's votes in the
battlegrounds or nationally that meant she was destined to get as few electoral
votes as she did.

Just take Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan -- three contiguous states spanning
the Upper Great Lakes. Mrs. Clinton actually won the region by a narrow margin,
but she won just 10 of the 36 votes at stake.

Accidents of history

Ultimately, state lines are pretty arbitrary. Yes, when those lines were
determined, there were reasoned considerations like population and access to
rivers and resources. But statehood and state lines, often poorly surveyed in
the first place, were hotly disputed in the 19th century. Many states were
created in response to political considerations, especially the balance between
free and slave states. In other times, it could have gone very differently.

Consider two of the bigger nonpolitical state boundary questions of the 19th
century: the fate of the Florida Panhandle and the ''Toledo War.''

The Toledo War was a long dispute between Michigan and Ohio over a tiny strip of
land along their border, which happens to include the city of Toledo. Ohio had
the upper hand for one reason: It earned its statehood first, and therefore
blocked Michigan's petition -- which included the strip. In the end, Congress
proposed a deal: Michigan would relinquish its claim on the Toledo strip and, in
exchange, would get the Upper Peninsula.

The Florida Panhandle and the Florida Peninsula were governed as separate
regions -- West and East Florida -- under Spanish and British rule. They were
effectively separated by hundreds of miles of treacherous swamp and forest.

Ultimately, West and East Florida were combined into one state. This was mainly
coincidental: Alabama earned statehood before the Florida territory was annexed.
West Florida repeatedly tried to join Alabama, starting as soon as the state was
annexed and lasting all the way past the Civil War. Many of these efforts --
which included referendums, congressional petitions and direct negotiations
between Florida and Alabama -- nearly succeeded. But they ultimately did not.

If these minor border issues had gone differently, Mrs. Clinton would probably
be president. The Florida Panhandle is heavily Republican: Without it, the rest
of Florida votes Democratic. Both halves of the Toledo War worked out poorly for
Mrs. Clinton. Not only would she have won Michigan with Toledo, but she would
have also won Michigan without the Upper Peninsula: Only the full trade gives
Mr. Trump a narrow win.

Interestingly, the same changes would have flipped the 2000 election, and
perhaps the 1876 election, to the same result as the national popular vote
(though I don't have county-level results for Florida in that election). The
pronounced regionalism at play in 1888 would have made it harder to change the
outcome by tweaking state lines.

To be clear, you can also make plenty of changes that would benefit Republicans.
You could reunify West Virginia and Virginia, to take an easy one.

The point is that the main bias of the Electoral College isn't against big
states or regionalism; it's just toward the big battleground states. If they
break overwhelmingly one way, that's who wins. This is not exactly a high-minded
Hamiltonian argument. There aren't many justifications for letting a few close
states decide a close national election. But that's basically what the system
does, and there's nothing about those states that ensures they provide a
representative outcome.

The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and
everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/19/upshot/why-trump-had-an-edge-in-the-electoral-
college.html

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Georgia electors meeting Monday. Donald J. Trump lost the
popular vote by nearly three million but won in the Electoral College.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY ERIK S. LESSER/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

California: Viewpoints: Who Speaks For The 21 Million Pro-Life Democrats?

LENGTH: 1779  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Healthline, The State of California has issued the
following news release:



   A selection of opinions on health care developments from around the state.



 Los Angeles Times: How The Democratic Platform Betrays Millions Of The Party
Faithful

 The abortion plank in the 2016 Democratic platform effectively marginalizes the
voices of 21 million pro-life Democrats. It means the party that is supposedly
on the side of justice for the vulnerable no longer welcomes those of us who
#ChooseBoth; that is, those of us who want the government to protect and support
prenatal children and their mothers. (Kristen Day and Charles Camosy, 7/25)





 LA Daily News: Ills Of The War On Drugs Are 2016's Unmentioned Issue

 In a presidential election year, Americans rightly expect to hear debates on
every relevant topic. However, one topic seems to be missing from the debate
this year, even when it seems compellingly relevant: the Drug War. When we talk
about Mexican and Central American immigration, we ignore the fact that many of
them are unaccompanied children, refugees fleeing Drug War violence, while drug
warriors claim to be concerned about "the children." And when the violence
follows the refugees, we blame them, not the Drug War. (Richard Cowan, 7/28)



 Los Angeles Times: The Truth About Healthcare Premiums: They'd Be A Lot Higher
Without Obamacare

 We've just entered the "sticker shock" season of healthcare reporting: News
stories are brimming with reports of double-digit premium requests from
insurance companies, amid dire warnings about the impact on consumers. ... But
(Benjamin) Sommers asserts that concerns over rising premiums are "overblown,"
chiefly for three reasons: Most of the cited rates are initial requests, likely
to be pared down by state regulators; consumers have the ability and incentive
to shop for cheaper rates; and more than 80% of Affordable Care Act customers
receive premium subsidies, limiting the impact of any rate increases. (Michael
Hiltzik, 7/26)



 Los Angeles Times: Covered California Shows It's Not Immune To Big Premium
Increases

 Caifornians shopping for individual health insurance policies have seen some of
the smallest increases in the nation over the last two years, thanks in part to
the efforts of Covered California, the state's insurance exchange established
under the 2010 federal healthcare law (better known as Obamacare). ... A more
disturbing trend is the accelerating growth in medical costs, a long-term
problem that has no easy solution. One cause is higher demand for care, which
isn't necessarily a bad thing -- it reflects the fact that many uninsured people
now have coverage. Another is the surprisingly large percentage of enrollees who
sign up for coverage in mid-year, suggesting that some are trying to game the
system by obtaining insurance only when they need expensive treatment. (7/21)



 Sacramento Bee: Rate Hikes Show Rising Health Costs And Obamacare's Flaws

 The big rate increases announced last week for health insurance policies sold
by California's version of the federal health reform are the latest evidence
that the Affordable Care Act, despite its name, cannot do much to tame the rise
of health care costs.The government-run health insurance market is facing all
the same cost pressures that the private market has confronted for years, plus
more that have resulted from the dynamics of the federal law itself. Covered
California, the state insurance agency created to implement the federal law,
announced last week that rates for insurance sold through the program will
increase an average of 13.2 percent in 2017. (Daniel Weintraub, 7/25)



 Ventura County Star: Health Insurance Rate Hikes Show Need For Cost Reforms

 The two largest insurers in the Covered California health insurance exchange
are jacking up their monthly premiums by 17 and 20 percent next year. The news
was appalling, but it should not have been surprising. And all of us should
remember that there is nothing we can do about that, even though we once had a
chance to place controls over those rates. Anthem Blue Cross has told the state
it is going to increase its premiums by 17 percent next year, while Blue Shield
is seeking a 20 percent increase. (7/28)



 LA Daily News: This Could Be When Everyone Gets Sick Of Obamacare

 Covered California just announced that the average cost of premiums for
policies sold on the state health insurance exchange will be 13.2 percent higher
next year. In 14 other states, premiums for widely sold silver plans will rise
an average of 11 percent. The worse news is why: Health care costs are higher,
two temporary programs to reduce risk for insurers are ending, and people
signing up have been sicker than expected. That's the opposite of what was
intended. The Affordable Care Act was supposed to reduce health care costs,
outgrow its need for insurer subsidies, and get young and healthy people into
the risk pool with its mandate to buy health insurance. (Susan Shelley, 7/22)



 The Wall Street Journal: Why Are They Trying To Make Us Kill Our Patients?

 I am an oncologist/hematologist who has been practicing in California,
primarily at Eisenhower Medical Center in Rancho Mirage, for 39 years. It has
been my privilege to have treated and cared for more than 16,000 patients with
cancer or blood diseases and to have provided pain relief and comfort for the
dying. I am also one of six concerned physicians who, along with the American
Academy of Medical Ethics, have sued in a California Superior Court to try to
block as unconstitutional the state's Physician Assisted Suicide law, which went
into effect on June 9. More recently, a group of doctors and health-care
professionals in Vermont joined a lawsuit filed July 19 to try to block the way
that state's 2013 assisted suicide law is being interpreted and misapplied.
(Philip B. Dreisbach, 7/24)



 The Sacramento Bee: Give Patients Protection From Surprise Medical Bills

 Jennifer Saurenman of San Marino meticulously planned a shoulder surgery last
year. She spent weeks ensuring her surgeon and the outpatient facility were in
her health insurance plan's network. But she couldn't find out who her
anesthesiologist would be until the day of the procedure, and she was hit with a
$4,230 bill for an out-of-network anesthesiologist. Her story is, unfortunately,
far too common in California. A 2015 survey by the Consumer Reports National
Research Center found that nearly one in four privately insured Californians
received a surprise medical bill where their health plan paid less than
expected. (Betsy Imholz, 7/26)



 Modesto Bee: Hospital Bill For Modesto Woman's Birth Was A Shock

 Kathy Wardlow was aware that hospital charges have gone up during her lifetime.
She didn't know how much until she recently found the billing statement for her
birth at the former Modesto City Hospital 60 years ago Wednesday. The total
charge was $100.50. (Ken Carlson, 7/28)



 The Fresno Bee: A Set Of Mergers Too Big Not To Fail

 In California, for example, the Anthem-Cigna merger would create such a
behemoth that Anthem would own more than 50 percent of the market in 28
counties. Imagine that as you picture your next health insurance open
enrollment. And though Anthem executives testified in March at hearings before
the California Department of Insurance that as much as $2 billion in
efficiencies could result from the mergers, Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones
has said that the savings are "vague, speculative and impossible to verify" upon
closer examination. (7/24)



 Los Angeles Times: Congressional Witch Hunt For 'Baby Body Part' Sellers Needs
To End

 When a congressional panel investigating the procurement of fetal tissue from
abortion clinics was formed last fall, its Republican leader and members made no
secret of their mission to expose businesses that "sell baby body parts." (They
even said as much on their website.) Their inquiry was inspired by hidden-camera
videos (later discredited) that supposedly showed Planned Parenthood officials
negotiating over payments for harvested fetal tissue. It's illegal in the U.S.
to profit from the sale of fetal tissue -- payments are limited to the cost of
collecting and handling it -- so if the committee actually found organizations
doing that, it would be legitimate to bust them. (7/25)



 Los Angeles Times: Court Says Obamacare Birth Control Option May Violate
Catholics' Rights, Even If They Don't Use It

 The Affordable Care Act continues to provide an opportunity for religious
zealots to complain that someone, somewhere, might be doing something of which
they disapprove. Another such case advancing through the courts is that of
Missouri State Rep. Paul Wieland and his wife, Teresa, who assert that
Obamacare's contraceptive mandate tramples on their family's religious rights
even if they don't make use of it. St. Louis Federal Judge Jean Constance
Hamilton thinks they may have a point. On Thursday she denied the government's
motion to throw out the case on summary judgment. Merely requiring individuals
to buy an insurance policy that provides contraception could infringe on their
religious conscience, she ruled in clearing the case for trial. (Michael
Hiltzik, 7/25)



 Los Angeles Times: Should We Pay Women To Donate Their Eggs For Research? No,
And Here's Why.

 Not everything in life is for sale, nor should it be." That's what California
Gov. Jerry Brown said in 2013 when he vetoed a bill allowing women to be paid to
donate their eggs for scientific research. "In medical procedures of this kind,"
he added, "the long-term risks are not adequately known. Putting thousands of
dollars on the table only compounds the problem." (Michael Hiltzik, 7/22)



 Oakland Tribune: Hepatitis, Cancer Link Must Be Understood

 World Hepatitis Day is Thursday, and we urge the people of California to take
this moment to focus on cancer prevention. What does cancer prevention have to
do with hepatitis? Plenty. The hepatitis B and C viruses cause 80 percent to 95
percent of all liver cancer cases. Liver cancer kills about 16,000 men and 7,000
women in the United States each year. (Carolyn Aldigé, 7/26)



 LA Daily News: Los Angeles Faces New Challenges As Its Population Gets Older

 According to AARP, almost 90 percent of adults 65 and older want to stay in
their current home and community as they age. As a city [Los Angeles], we need
to provide the services and support that older Americans need. That's why it's
been great to see our elected leaders already starting to address the issue of a
"graying" L.A. (Ashley Mirone, 7/24)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              April 4, 2008 Friday

Adviser counsels CU on gender;
Title IX consultant says women on campus angry

BYLINE: Lisa Ryckman Rocky Mountain News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 425 words


Nancy Hogshead-Makar has been at the University of Colorado for just two days,
but she already knows that the women there are fuming.

"The overall message is, they're angry about the climate for women on campus,"
Hogshead-Makar said Thursday. "I told them that anger has long been utilized to
marginalize women's complaints."

Her advice: "No. 1 is, don't lose it. No. 2, don't let that stop you from
sticking with it and staying in the system."

Hogshead-Makar knows how to work the system. CU's new Title IX adviser is an
asthmatic, a rape victim, an Olympic swimming champion, a lawyer and an expert
on gender equity.

Hogshead-Makar, who teaches at a Florida law school, plans to consult with CU on
ways to make the school a safe and welcoming place for women. She's also doing
that at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill.

Her CU appointment was part of the settlement in the case of Lisa Simpson, who
said she was raped by football players and recruits during a night of heavy
drinking in 2001.

Hogshead-Makar was a sophomore at Duke University when she was grabbed while
running near campus. The fact that her attacker was a stranger made a difference
that it shouldn't have, she said: Authorities believed her and treated her with
respect.

"The first question everyone asks when they find out I was raped is, 'Did you
know him?' What they're really asking is, 'Were you really raped?'"
Hogshead-Makar said. "That's how I know that people like Lisa Simpson, who know
their attackers or had some contact with them, have it really hard."

Born in Iowa, Nancy Hogshead grew up in Gainesville, Fla., where she became a
swimming star, despite suffering from asthma attacks that could be induced by
exercise.

At 14, she was a world champion; she qualified for the boycotted 1980 Olympics,
retired for a couple of years, then came back to win three golds and a silver
medal in 1984.

At CU, she has met with students, faculty members and administration on how to
improve policy. That might mean exorcising the devil from the details, she said.

"When our professors get evaluated at the Florida Coastal School of Law, they
look at women's participation in class," Hogshead-Makar said. "They find they're
not being heard, they're not being respected, they tend to get interrupted much
more often, they usually have to keep their hand up longer."

"There are very simple, easy things that we try to do to make it a better
learning environment for women," Hogshead-Makar said. "Deal with the smaller
things, and the bigger things are less likely to happen."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     March 15, 2005 Tuesday, FINAL Edition

Like other books, graphic novels are not all made the same way;
Whether to carry such books in public schools should be decided case by case.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Our Views; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 306 words


The popularity of Japanese comic books in Portland schools is drawing important
debate: Are these graphic novels, well, too graphic for young readers?

Do these books, which sometimes contain scantily clad females who appear in
sexist roles, have educational value?

Students such as Deering High School senior Colleen Hagyari are rightly
questioning whether such books are appropriate.

What schools should remember is that not all graphic novels are built the same.
Regular novels, too, range from high literature to the downright trashy. It just
depends on the book.

It is difficult to see the appropriateness of comics that marginalize women into
sex-based roles. Reinforcing such stereotypes can be damaging to young people. A
blanket ban on graphic novels, however, wouldn't make sense, either.

Some illustrated novels explore issues such as racism, history and culture.
Marjane Satrapi's "Persepolis" tells the story of a girl growing up during the
Islamic Revolution in Iran, for example. David B's "Epileptic" illustrates what
it was like growing up with a brother suffering from epilepsy. Art Speigelman's
"Maus" won the Pulitzer Prize for his cat/mouse character depiction of the
Holocaust.

Such novels are a form of literature that's gaining more acceptance in the
mainstream. In a time when kids are hooked by flashy electronic media, including
the Internet and video games, illustrated novels can help draw them back into
the library and bookstores. They're also great outlets for artistic expression
and can encourage kids to try drawing their own stories.

Graphic novels shouldn't become a substitute for reading full-text books, but
they can become an additional tool in teaching kids about literature.

Which books a school chooses to carry is a question that should be answered on a
novel-by-novel basis.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 6, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Catch-22 for Ex-Offenders

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 460 words


As the Bush administration focuses attention on ex-offenders with its modest
program to help them return to the community, an eye-opening new study shows
that the effort will require a lot more than re-entry programs. Not only do all
50 states continue to punish and marginalize convicts after they leave jail, but
most also have laws that punish millions of people for crimes for which they
were never convicted.

The new study, from the Legal Action Center, a criminal justice policy group,
identifies laws in all 50 states that hamper former offenders' ability to
re-enter society. These excessively punitive laws, which must be modified or
repealed before ex-convicts have a real chance at jobs, homes and mainstream
lives, bar them from scores of professions that require state licenses but are
unrelated to their crimes.

The study, which will soon be available on the Web, ranks the states based on
the stringency of laws that bar former offenders from whole professions, or
strip them of driver's licenses, parental rights and the right to vote.

Colorado, South Carolina, Georgia and Virginia are rated worst, which means that
ex-offenders in those states have the least chance of becoming productive
citizens. In some states, a person who commits a vehicle-related crime as a
teenager can go to college and grow into adulthood, only to be barred from, say,
the real estate business, which requires a state license.

A similar brand of punishment is being used against people who have been
arrested on suspicion of crimes for which they were never convicted.
Thirty-seven states permit prospective employers and all state licensing
agencies to ask about and weigh arrests that never led to conviction. In
addition, employers in most states can simply fire anyone who is discovered to
have a criminal record, regardless of the circumstance.

Congress worsened matters during the 1990's with a series of new laws that use
federal aid to punish former offenders and arrestees. One of the most damaging
laws withholds highway funds from states that do not punish drug offenders by
suspending their driver's licenses -- whether or not the original offense had
anything to do with a car.

Many states were smart enough to opt out of this law. But 27 actually revoke or
suspend driver's licenses of some or all drug offenders. Those who leave prison
in desperate need of jobs cannot legally drive to work, to school or to drug
treatment programs. In states where public transportation is nonexistent,
ex-convicts have no choice but to risk returning to prison by driving illegally.

This country only harms itself when it traps ex-offenders at the margins of
society and forces them back into prison.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 14, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

A New Bloc of Little-Guy Votes

BYLINE: By Tom Reed;  Tom Reed owns Lake Motors, an auto dealership in Eagle
Lake, Tex.

SECTION: Section A; Page 27; Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: EAGLE LAKE, Tex.


When doctors, insurance agents and auto dealers form unions, organize boycotts
and otherwise band together against larger corporate forces, economic changes
are at work that can also alter the political landscape. Why are these groups of
traditional Republican voters behaving like working-class Democrats of old?
Because they face a greater threat to their livelihood than big government ever
posed. And it could change their votes.

The threat is from the large corporations with which these small businesses deal
as franchisees, sales representatives and providers of health care. And it is a
fight for their very survival. Not content with record profits derived from Wall
Street, the sales floor and underwriting over the decade of the 90's, big
business wants even more. It wants all the business now, even if that means
competing against and destroying the very partners that made the big boys big in
the first place.

My own industry is one example. The Big Three automakers are working actively in
all 50 states to change dealer franchise laws that prohibit them from retailing
directly to the public through the Internet and factory-owned stores. If the
automakers' strategy is successful, they could eliminate or marginalize 20,000
dealerships, dramatically altering the lives of the one million people they
employ and the welfare of thousands of communities. Bankruptcies and the selling
off of capital built up by families over decades would precede the fundamentally
new arrangement in the retail marketplace.

In the travel industry, big companies' embrace of the Internet is already
causing massive shakeouts. Travel agents are being squeezed as the public books
directly with the airlines, hotels and Internet businesses. Airlines have cut
the commissions of travel agents in half in a clear effort to eliminate their
former business partners.

A third industry following the trend is insurance. Big companies have pressed
doctors, hospitals and consumers to the limit with scant reimbursements, poor
service, rules that dictate which doctors can be used, and unjustified premium
increases. More than one-third of hospitals nationwide are not profitable.
Group health premiums rose by 12 percent, on average, this last year.  My own
small business's premiums went up 22 percent, and though the ostensible reason
was spiraling health costs, my insurance company's net profits increased 53
percent.

There is also a squeeze on independent insurance agencies. Although 90 percent
of all small businesses and homeowners choose to write their health, life,
property and casualty insurance through independent agents, big insurers have
cut their commissions to these agents in half. If the strategy is to eliminate
the independents, it is working: since 1987, the ranks of these agencies have
been reduced by 37 percent.

In an economy putting this kind of pressure on independent small-business
people, the old political paradigms -- capital versus labor, free enterprise
versus big government -- are less relevant than a new one: big capital versus
small capital. Consumers tempted to think the consolidation of power in the
hands of big companies may streamline costs and lower prices should ask
themselves how well airline deregulation worked in practice.

Corporations' seeking to maximize profits is nothing new. What is new is the
degree to which big business is cannibalizing its own small partners and
displacing arrangements in retailing, health care and insurance that give
customers someone in their community to connect with directly.

This new fault line in the American economy has the capacity to put traditional
political allegiances up for grabs. Small-business owners are looking for
political help when franchise laws are attacked and commission payments are
gutted. Doctors, patients and independent insurance agents are looking for help
when the insurance companies are calling the shots.

In this new, fundamentally different fight between competing capitalists, it
would be difficult for the Republican ticket to champion the small-business
banner, given George W. Bush's and Dick Cheney's personal and political ties to
corporate America. The Democrats, therefore, have the opening they need to lay
claim once again to being champion of the little guy.

Al Gore's populist rhetoric and Joseph Lieberman's service on the Senate Small
Business Committee may help them articulate just what is at stake in this new
cleavage in American politics (although Mr. Lieberman's longtime links to
Connecticut's big insurance companies could pose a problem). But can they ally
the Democratic Party in two months with the 13 million small-business voters who
have been hammered for two decades with the message that Democrats are their
enemies?

Once the Democratic Party was the undeniable defender of the little guy, the
worker, in the face of corporate oppression. Then the Republicans usurped that
role, among small-business owners at least, by defending small business against
the excesses of big government. Now, if the Democrats can convince small
business that their party stands with them in their biggest battle, they have a
real opportunity to win this presidential election and regain a majority in
Congress as well.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Stephen Savage)

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                            December 25, 2016 Sunday
                                 First Edition

GAME CHANGERS

BYLINE: David Zurawik

SECTION: FEATURES; E; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1632  words



HIGHLIGHT: Moderators Chris Wallace, left, Megyn Kelly, center, and Bret Baier
wait at the beginning of the Fox News GOP debate Jan. 28, 2016 in Des Moines,
Iowa. Trump operative Corey Lewandowski was hired by CNN after he had an
encounter with a Breitbart reporter. Republican Presidential Candidate Donald
Trump speaks during the final day of the Republican National Convention in
Cleveland on July 21. "Access Hollywood" co-host Billy Bush caught Donald Trump
on videotape. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, center, sits with,
from right, Paula Jones, Kathy Shelton, Juanita Broaddrick, and Kathleen Willey,
before the second presidential debate with Democrat Hillary Clinton at
Washington University on Oct. 9 in St. Louis.Alex Wong/Getty Images Andrew
Harrer/Bloomberg Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press Peter Kramer/Associated Press
Evan Vucci/Associated Press


Media have been playing a larger and larger role in presidential politics since
the election of Franklin Roosevelt in 1932.

But this was the year that thepresidential racebecame more about media than
politics, and the road to the White House was paved with onscreen moments rather
than war-room moves on fundraising, field operations or messaging.

These10 media moments from 2016 shaped the outcome of the election, some of them
going by before we understood how game-changing, unprecedented or outrageous
they were.

Most not only showhow Donald Trump used media to beat Hillary Clinton, but they
also suggest how he will govern using TV and social media to control his message
and expand his power while trying to marginalize the news media. The rest
explainevents and choices that didn't work out so well for Clinton and media
figures like CNN President Jeff Zucker.

1. March 3: CNN, MSNBC and Fox show an empty podium while waiting for Trump to
speak.

There were plenty of times during the election that the cable news channels were
so desperate to hold viewers attracted by Trump that they showed an empty podium
on which he was expected to speak in coming minutes. This one was particularly
egregious because he was set to respond to Mitt Romney, the GOP candidate in
2012, calling him a "phony."

That's a food fight between two rich guys, not news.

But all year, cable news channels gave away the store and any pretense of
journalistic or moral authority to keep Trump coming back onto their airwaves to
drive ratings.

No channel behaved worse than CNN  - hiring Trump's ex-campaign-manager Corey
Lewandowski as an analyst even though he was still being paid by Trump, and
handing the candidate hours of unfiltered airtime.

Trump understands the dollars-and-cents imperative that drives cable news
despite all the high-sounding talk from show hosts and executives about
journalism and democracy, and he played it for all it is worth.

I don't want to over-generalize. There were cable news journalists who did
excellent work and wereheld to high standards during the election. They include
Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace at Fox News, as well as Jake Tapper and Dana Bash
at CNN.

But the empty podium is the objective correlative for the journalistic vacuum
and lack of core values that cable news showed in this election.

2. March 8: Corey Lewandowski manhandles a reporter as she tries to question
Trump.

If you wanted one snapshot that shows the hostility Team Trump had toward the
press, it's this moment after a rally in Florida when Lewandowski grabbed the
arm of Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields as she tried to question the
candidate.

The battle between Trump and the press is going to be big, big news in coming
weeks and months.

Over the course of his campaign, Trump rallied his supporters against his
enemies and fed off the blood of the political wounds he inflicted.

"Low-energy" Jeb Bush, "little" Marco Rubio, "lyin' " Ted Cruz and "crooked
Hillary" are gone, but the biggest target remains: the press.

Look for him to demean and try to diminish the White House and Washington press
corps at every turn in the first few months of his administration.

And with some mainstream press outlets foolishly abandoning legacy values of
fairness, balance, verification and proportionality in covering him during the
campaign, it is unlikely the press will find much support.

3. March 21: Trump says he won't participate in a Fox debate scheduled for that
date, and Fox cancels it.

Trump had already skipped one Fox debate in January on the eve of Iowa caucuses.

"Why should the networks continue to get rich on the debates?" he said in
explaining his decision. "Why do I have to make Fox rich?"

But his unwillingness to participate was mostly the result of his feud with
Kelly, the Fox show host who called him out in August 2015 on the first Fox
debate for his history of sexist comments. Trump was lobbying to keep her from
being a moderator.

Trump's decision not to participate in the Fox debate in January was a bad one.
He lost the caucuses to Ted Cruz, and some caucus-goers said his unwillingness
to be in the debate was the reason they bailed on him.

But two months later, he was again playing the same game.

The message: Trump will cause himself pain to punish his enemies - to a point.

4. May 17: Trump sits down with Kelly for an interview.

Really?

After all the rancor, sexist words and Twitter attacks Trump directed against
Kelly, he now does a friendly prime-time special with her acting like they are
new best friends.

That's Trump, too: Yesterday's enemies are today's friends - if it's good for
business. This was very good business for Trump, Fox and Kelly.

5. July 15: Trump announces his vice presidential pick - on Twitter.

What matters is he told the world about Mike Pence not through a news conference
or story leaked to the New York Times or the Associated Press. He did it on
Twitter.

Heads up, White House Press corps. The precedent guaranteeing access to the
president will mean nothing to Trump in coming weeks and months. He has his own
idea of what access means, and it has nothing to do with White House
correspondents.

6. Oct. 9: Donald Trump holds a YouTube press conference with women who said
Bill Clinton sexually assaulted or harassed them.

While there is no shortage of jaw-dropping moments, the one that sticks in my
mind came just 90 minutes before the start of the second TV debate between
Clinton and Trump.

Clinton had mopped the floor with Trump in their first of three TV debates, and
then came the Access Hollywood tape with Trump boasting in vulgar terms to host
Billy Bush about how he sexually assaulted women. The tape had been released by
NBC two days before this debate, and it was looking like the end of Trump.

But Trump made an audacious move by using this press conference to remind voters
of the transgressions of Clinton's husband and her subsequent actions in the
wake of them.

Trump's argument against his opponent: She claims to be a champion of women, but
she not only defended her husband against the claims of these women, she
ridiculed and further victimized them with her words - particularly Monica
Lewinsky, the White House intern Hillary Clinton called "a narcissistic loony
tune."

After the YouTube conference, Trump brought some of Bill Clinton's accusers into
the debate hall as his guests. They included Juanita Broaddrick, who claims Bill
Clinton raped her in 1978, as well as Kathleen Willey and Paula Jones. Willey, a
former White House aide, says Clinton sexually assaulted her in 1993, while
Jones says she was sexually harassed by Clinton in 1991.

As I said in my review of the debate, seeing them sitting in the balcony looking
down on Bill Clinton, who was seated near the stage, reminded me of ancient
Greek theater with the ghosts of someone's past coming to sit as a chorus in
public judgment of his sins.

Trump's moves that night showcased two of his great media skills: his savvy use
of social media in going to YouTube for a news conference that mainstream media
might have ignored or contextualized in a way that was negative to him, and
understanding that the tableau of those women looking down on Bill Clinton would
be far more powerful than anything said on the stage during the debate. Trump
gets visuals like no candidate since Ronald Reagan.

7. July 21: Trump describes a dark and troubled America in his acceptance speech
at the GOP convention.

Some pundits mocked Trump's closing speech with the title "Night-time in
America" contrasting the tone of his address with the optimism of Ronald
Reagan's "Morning in America" ad campaign for his presidency.

But what the pundits missed: Dark, diminished and even scary is exactly the way
America looked to many of those who felt left behind the last eight years,
particularly in Rust Belt states like Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania - the
states that gave Trump his victory on election night.

8. Sept. 9: Hillary Clinton says half of Trump's supporters belong in what she
labeled a "basket of deplorables."

You would not expect a veteran politician like Clinton to give her opponent a
gift like this in an election with so many voters feeling angry and betrayed by
Washington elites. But there it was, and Trump reminded voters of her words
every day until Nov. 8.

9. Sept. 11: Clinton is shown on video stumbling and being helped into a van
after abruptly leaving a 9/11 ceremony.

This is smartphone video meeting and feeding fake news.

By and large, the mainstream media reported Clinton's medical episode in a
straightforward manner - including her doctor's statement that she was suffering
from pneumonia.

But the Web was filled with the images contextualized in other ways.

"This video proves we have been right all along and Hillary Clinton is sick and
needs urgent medical care," the cutline on the YouTube video from infowars.com
said. "Thanks to the patriot who took this video."

That post has more than 1.3 million views.

10. Oct. 31: CNN announces Donna Brazile's resignation as an analyst after
WikiLeaks emails indicated that she fed Team Clinton at least one question in
advance of a town hall she moderated for the channel.

Nothing speaks to the lack of journalistic judgment at CNN during this election
like the fact that a long-time party activist such as Brazile, who still serves
as interim chair of the Democratic National Committee, was allowed to moderate
debates and town halls for the channel.

CNN flooded the zone during this election with politicos like her and
Lewandowski, and they brought the channel far more criticism and embarrassment
than political insight.

But, hey, let's not get cosmic. What was at stake anyway?

Just the presidency of the United States and the next four years of the nation's
life.

david.zurawik@baltsun.com

twitter.com/davidzurawik

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 2, 2013 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Bills, Falcons are at bottom in kickoff returns

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 2444 words


The kick returner stands alone in his end zone, the last man back. If he
completes his mission, then he will be the first to cross the other goal line,
more than 100 yards away.

Running backs, receivers and quarterbacks can't go farther than 99 yards on a
given snap. The kick returner is the only player who's a marked man before the
play starts, yet can run the true length of the field for a touchdown.

"To go a hundred yards? Holy cats!" said Abe Woodson, who retired in 1966 as the
NFL's kickoff return leader and still ranks fourth in average. "That's doing
something."

When the ball is teed up, all 11 defenders know who must be stopped. All 10 of
his blockers need to make enough space for him to cut, dodge, slither and sprint
until - if everything breaks just so - he has left 21 players in his vapor
trail.

"You feel like you've conquered everybody on that field," said Mel Gray, the
NFL's leader in return yards and touchdowns when he retired in 1997.

"You just destroyed them. It's a high that you can't get from anything else."

Fans and players have been chasing that high all season. Fixes are in
distressingly short supply.

Kickoff returns have faded into near-irrelevancy around the NFL, and they've
become downright moot for the Buffalo Bills.

The NFL, citing safety concerns amid a crush of lawsuits over head injuries, has
passed rules in recent years to marginalize kickoffs and limit collisions. So
touchbacks have spiked; returns have waned.

"It's the most exciting aspect of the game," Brian Mitchell, the reigning
return-yardage king, said from Washington D.C. "You look at somebody like a
Devin Hester or Desmond Howard in the Super Bowl. I don't know how you can want
to take that out of the game."

Fans anticipated what Marquise Goodwin and Leodis McKelvin would do on returns
this year. But the Bills are about to obliterate club records for kick-return
inadequacy - even if you want to include the nine-game strike season of 1982.

If not for this afternoon's opponent in Toronto, the Bills would be on pace for
the NFL's fewest kickoff returns since the schedule increased to 12 games in
1947 and its fewest kickoff return yards in half a century.

The Atlanta Falcons rank last in kickoff returns and yards. The Bills are right
there with them.

Return men are struggling to break open across the league. Through 179 games,
three touchdowns have been scored on kickoffs, a pace that would produce the
fewest in 20 years.

"It's unbelievable," Gray said from his home in Houston. "There are great
players that come from great colleges. You figure they have the talent on every
team to take one back at some point throughout the year. And I know how eager
the majority of players would love to take one back.

"But only three so far this year? I'm surprised there haven't been a lot more."

Returns and allowances

For the record, punt returns around the NFL haven't changed much. There have
been 10 punt returns for touchdowns, a pace of 14.5 for the year. The NFL
averaged 19.0 touchdowns the past two seasons but 13.3 touchdowns the six
seasons before that.

The Bills, however, have been far from dangerous here. They rank 27th with an
average punt return of 7.0 yards.

The Bills have averaged double-digit yardage eight of the past nine seasons and
10 of the past 15 with standouts Roscoe Parrish, Nate Clements and McKelvin.

Their longest punt return this year has been 25 yards. An illegal block wiped
out an 83-yard McKelvin touchdown against the Kansas City Chiefs three games
ago.

Kickoff returns have been more frustrating for the Bills.

Expectations were high entering the season. Goodwin dazzled in the exhibition
opener with a 107-yard touchdown and another 53-yard kickoff return against the
Indianapolis Colts.

Buffalo's best kickoff return in the regular season has been 26 yards, the
league's skimpiest long return. Goodwin is averaging 23.4 yards.

"It's unfortunate," Goodwin said. "Returning kicks is something I like to do. We
have fewer opportunities based on the rules, but hopefully we can capitalize on
the opportunities we do get."

The Bills have returned 14 kickoffs for 292 yards.

They're on pace for 20 kickoff returns. The club record for fewest is 36 during
the '82 strike season. Their worst total for a full season is 37 two years ago.

"People have not given us the opportunity to return the ball," Bills coach Doug
Marrone said. "People have been kicking it out of the end zone and deep."

Two clubs somehow have gotten fewer chances. The Falcons have returned 11
kickoffs this year for 267 yards, while the Cardinals have tried 13 for 275
yards.

The Falcons are on track for fewest kickoff returns in NFL history. Otherwise,
the Bills and Cardinals are on pace for the fewest since the 1944 New York
Giants lowered the limbo bar to 17. Those Giants played 10 regular-season games
and didn't let their opponents tee it up often, allowing 75 points and posting
five shutouts.

The Bills are on pace for 425 kickoff return yards, a total that has been
surpassed by 1,576 individuals in NFL history. Only three teams have done worse:
the 1940 Giants with 282 yards, the 1940 Green Bay Packers with 381 yards and
1963 Chicago Bears with 424 yards.

Buffalo's record for fewest kickoff yards is 746, set in 1993.

"We haven't been getting a lot of action on kickoffs," McKelvin said. "But it's
going to happen soon. That's how I feel."

The system isn't set up to accommodate kickoff returns anymore. Marrone,
McKelvin and Goodwin each bemoaned how often opponents use directional kicks
when not blasting the ball out of the end zone.

This is the third season since the NFL moved kickoffs from the 30-yard line to
the 35-yard line and the fifth season since it eliminated three-, four- and
five-man wedge blocks.

Results have been striking.

About 8 to 9 percent of kickoffs resulted in touchbacks from 2000 through 2005.
Then the number began to climb steadily. By 2010, touchbacks occurred 16.4
percent of the time, the highest rate since the NFL moved kickoffs back to the
30-yard line in 1994.

Besieged by concussion litigation, the NFL wanted to further suppress the
potential for injuries on a play when teams barrel directly toward each other at
full speed. Bills wedge-buster Kevin Everett broke his neck while covering a
kickoff on opening day, 2008.

With the ball 5 yards closer to the opponent's end zone, the touchback
percentage soared to 43.5 percent in 2011 and 44.1 percent last year.

Through 12 weeks this season, touchbacks happened on 53 percent of kickoffs.

Kickoff conspiracy?

Mitchell is disgusted with what the NFL is doing to his former occupation.

He rewrote the NFL's kick-return record books in his 14 seasons. Nobody has
fielded more returns. He amassed more than 1,000 yards on kick returns nine
times. He ranks second in all-purpose yards, 230 behind Jerry Rice.

Mitchell would rather hold onto those records legitimately rather than have
rules erase would-be challengers.

He asserted special teams are being used as scapegoats for safety.

NFL Commissioner "Roger Goodell and the people in the league have thrown more
smoke screens out there to make fans think they're doing stuff to prevent head
injuries, and they haven't done a damn thing," Mitchell said.

"Legal hits are being fined these days. Fans say, 'The game is being cleaned
up.' No, they're making you think that they're doing more just by fining because
the guys get fined, they appeal and a lot of times they win their appeals, which
you don't hear about as much.

"I think it's a bunch of B.S. what they're doing. Every year, concussions have
gone up."

As part of its report on NFL head injuries, the PBS series "Frontline" created a
concussion database from official injury reports dating to 2009, when there were
92 reported concussions. There were 129 concussions in 2010, 142 in 2011 and 171
last year.

There have been 88 reported concussions this year, a pace of 125, the first
annual decline if the trend holds up.

Mitchell told The News he sees clues of a conspiracy to induce more touchbacks.
He suggested the NFL is fiddling with the K-balls that are used only for kicks
and punts.

K-balls were introduced in 1999 because players and equipment managers were
manipulating game balls - tumbling them in a clothes dryer, pounding them with
dumbbells, soaking them in hot water - to make them easier to kick.

To halt shenanigans, the NFL had 12 K-balls shipped directly from Wilson
Sporting Goods to each officiating crew. The box is sealed with tamper-proof
tape and popped open two hours before the game. K-balls never are to be
unsupervised.

Once implemented, kickers and punters complained. The K-balls were too waxy and
stiff, didn't travel as far and permitted juicier return opportunities.
Thrilling returns were what the NFL desired at the time.

Twenty years later, is the shoe on the other foot? Mitchell claimed the K-balls
could be altered at the factory at the league's whim.

"There are guys that couldn't kick the ball in the end zone when they were
kicking from the 30," Mitchell said. "Now they're at the 35 and kicking it out
of the end zone. Is it leg strength, or are the footballs doctored up now?"

Touchback percentages not only skyrocketed in 2011 compared to the previous
season, but also compared to the last time the NFL kicked off from the 35-yard
line.

In 1993, the touchback percentage was a relatively modest 26.5 percent from the
35-yard line. That also was the last season the NFL allowed 3-inch kicking tees.
Tees now are an inch high to reduce hang time.

So in 20 years, kickers are blasting the ball farther and more consistently off
a shorter tee.

"What is the league doing?" Mitchell said. "I know these kickers ain't got that
strong that quick. It doesn't add up. It does seem like they're trying to take
kickoffs out of the game, doesn't it?"

In response to Mitchell's allegation, two NFL spokesmen emphasized K-balls were
tamper-proof and "introduced specifically to prevent tampering."

Informed of the league's reply, Mitchell texted: "LOL."

Quick feet, quick brain

Even when the ball doesn't sail out of the end zone, kickoffs from the 35-yard
line put stress on a return man.

Special-teams coordinators use analytics that show for every yard deeper in the
end zone a kickoff is fielded, the chances of returning it to the 20-yard line
drop precipitously.

Anything beyond 4 yards deep in the end zone, the safe decision usually is to
kneel down and grant the offense a comfortable start at the 20-yard line. Plus,
keeping peace always is nice. Each yard closer to the end zone an offense begins
its drive further stokes the head coach and the quarterback's ire.

As such, teams are keeping the ball in the end zone and not taking the chance.

When return men, perhaps bored from constantly kneeling down or watching balls
fly over their heads, do run the ball out of the end zone, a geometric problem
is created. The coverage unit is charging from 5 yards closer than it was three
years ago.

Let's say the team has called for a return up the right sideline. Previously, a
return man could have the option to break back against the flow of the coverage
and hit the soft, wide corner on the opposite side.

Now there's too much penetration. By the time the return man can make a move,
the coverage unit already has stormed inside the 20-yard line and made a mess of
things.

All of this takes place without wedge blocks that many return men relied upon
prior to 2009.

Mitchell didn't like the wedge. He preferred one lead blocker 5 yards in front
of him and two more blockers 10 yards ahead to better scan the field.

Woodson wanted the wedge every time.

"That's the best thing that could happen when you got the wedge block, man,"
Woodson, 79, said from his home in Las Vegas.

Woodson was a five-time Pro Bowler for the San Francisco 49ers. He returned
three kickoffs for touchdowns in 1963 and ranks fourth all time with a 28.7-yard
average.

"The wedge makes a big difference," Woodson said. "Without it, you're on your
own. I'd have been in a world of trouble."

The wedge wasn't merely for protection.

The 5-foot-9 Gray would hide behind his wedge and wait as long as he could for
the gunners to get drawn in, all the while intending to zip away from the play.

"The wedge can suck them in, fool them," said Gray, who played 12 seasons, most
notably for the Detroit Lions. "Then the returner will use his ability to scan
the field and find openings. Then you can bounce it outside, right or left.

"You don't have as much time now. You have to make up your mind 5 yards sooner."

Going, going gone?

The NFL's competition committee has debated the value of kickoffs and whether
they should be scrapped.

Committee member John Mara, the influential Giants owner, has said he "could see
the day in the future where that play could be taken out of the game."

McKelvin was incredulous when that idea was broached to him last week in the
Bills' locker room.

"What are they going to do," McKelvin said, "just put the ball on the 20 and
start the game? That wouldn't even feel right. I don't know if that's the kind
of football I want to be playing."

Last year, Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Greg Schiano made a radical proposal to
eliminate kickoffs.

Schiano, the coach at Rutgers when Eric LeGrand fractured two vertebrae while
covering a kickoff in 2010, advocated replacing kickoffs with a choice: starting
with a fourth-and-15 play from a team's own 30-yard line or punting away from
that spot.

The NFL announced in July kickoffs won't happen in the Pro Bowl anymore. The
ball will be placed at the 25-yard line at the start of each half and after
scoring plays.

Gray sees an irony in that modification. He viewed the feat of turning a kick
into a touchdown a higher honor than going to the Pro Bowl. Gray was voted to
four of them.

"To me," Gray said, "it's like winning Player of the Year. It was something you
could brag on for years if you took one back.

"You may not do anything else, but if you return a kickoff or a punt for a
touchdown, that would solidify your career until they put you under."

Detroit running back Barry Sanders, incandescent as any player you could
imagine, frequently would remind Gray how important a big kickoff return was for
igniting the Silverdome or setting a tone on the road.

Sanders fed off the energy as much as the fans did.

Gray was agitated by the fact there have been three kickoff return TDs all year.
The rules have made it tougher for return men to get a chance to begin with. And
when they do get on, they're more reluctant to give it a shot.

To think we might see zero touchdowns in the near future was far more
unsettling.

"That would be sad," Gray said, "because it would take a lot of fun out of the
game."

email: tgraham@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             October 6, 2013 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Online college twist: Show what you know

BYLINE: MAURA LERNER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1089 words


Imagine a college program where there's no required reading or weekly
assignments. Where teachers no longer teach class or hand out grades.

Welcome to FlexPath, a new twist in online education, which is making its debut
in October at Capella University in Minneapolis.

The program, one of the first of its kind in the country, is built entirely
around the idea that people should be able to earn a degree by proving what they
know, not by sitting in class.

It's part of a trend called "competency-based" education, which is putting a
provocative new spin on what it means to go to college.

In the new Capella program, it doesn't matter how students acquire their
knowledge - whether it's on the job or in textbooks or online, says Deb Bushway,
the chief academic officer. All that matters is that they can pass a series of
"assessments," designed by the faculty, to show that they know the material well
enough to earn a degree.

"This insists that you're demonstrating a basic level of competency," said
Bushway. "We are agnostic as to the source of the learning."

Supporters say it's the kind of innovation that can save time and money in the
pursuit of a college degree.

But skeptics wonder what kind of education it will be, especially if it
marginalizes the role of teachers.

"There is reason to worry when you presume that the future of learning does not
depend on a well-qualified faculty," said Carol Geary Schneider, president of
the Association of American Colleges and Universities.

Capella, a for-profit university with more than 35,000 online students and 1,500
faculty members, says its new "self-paced learning option" merely changes the
role of teachers.

"It's more like coaching," said Rod Hagedorn of Burnsville, who has been
teaching FlexPath courses since January as part of a pilot project. "They're
guiding you through this learning process."

Federal rules loosen up

The idea of "competency-based" programs isn't new. But until now, they were
hamstrung by a long list of federal rules. To qualify for federal financial aid,
online courses had to run for a full term - at Capella, 10 to 12 weeks - and
follow a set curriculum, complete with virtual classroom discussions.

All that changed in August, when the U.S. Department of Education agreed to
waive the rules for Capella - only the second university in the country, after
Southern New Hampshire University, to get the go-ahead for such a program.

Hagedorn, a business instructor, was asked to adapt his courses on
organizational structure and leadership to the new model.

It is not, he readily agrees, for everyone. "FlexPath courses are designed for
learners that are a lot more independent and self-directed," he said. But that
fits right in at Capella, he noted, where most students are working adults.

From the outset, students are given a list of so-called "competencies" that they
have to demonstrate to pass the course: such as preparing a profit-or-loss
statement or designing a business plan for a hypothetical company.

Instead of required textbooks or assigned readings, all of the study materials
are optional. There are no deadlines. Students set their own timelines and take
the assessments when they feel they're ready.

That, says Bushway, is where the real teaching occurs. Faculty members are
required to give what Capella calls "robust feedback" within 24 to 48 hours,
telling students in detail what they've done right and what they've missed.
"There's not a lot of lectures in this model," she said. "But there is still
very active teaching going on."

Adam Weller, a telecommunications executive from Savage, said he jumped at the
chance to take the self-paced courses after two years in Capella's bachelor's
degree program. "I honestly have always told people I wish that you could do
college like this," he said.

Weller, 33, took three business classes as part of the FlexPath pilot project
and said they were "just as challenging, [and] definitely as time consuming, as
the other courses that I've taken."

At the same time, he said, "I could definitely see drawbacks for folks who are
not extremely self-motivated."

Amee Gullickson of St. Paul said she was able to complete her first FlexPath
course, in business ethics, in just four weeks. "It was definitely a benefit,
because I'm able to get through these classes faster," she said.

"There's not a lot of interaction, and quite honestly I like it that way," she
added. "I can just get in there [and] get my work done."

Gullickson, 38, who works in the banking industry, says she's "not someone that
enjoys school." But she wants the degree to help advance her career.

"Am I learning a ton of new information? Not really," she admitted. "If you've
been in the business world long enough, some of these things come naturally."
But when she's done, she says, "I can say, 'Yes, I have a bachelor's degree.' In
today's world, that matters."

Changing the faculty's role

So far, about 30 colleges and universities have experimented with similar
programs, and many see this as just the beginning, said Kevin Corcoran of the
Lumina Foundation in Indianapolis, which promotes innovation in higher
education.

"It's a fundamentally different way of thinking about education than the typical
course model, where people are being talked at by a professor and maybe they're
learning, maybe they're not," said Corcoran. "It does result in changing the
faculty role. But that's not always a bad thing."

Robert McMaster, vice provost of the University of Minnesota, is a bit more
skeptical. "We would argue that students gain a great deal by coming to this
campus, by sitting in a class with a world-renowned faculty member," he said.

Schneider, of the Association of American Colleges and Universities, agrees. The
danger, she said, is that the new models may end up replacing professors with a
"vast number of people who do assessment for a living."

American universities, she said, "are recognized as the best in the world, and
they didn't get there without faculty. And they won't stay there without
faculty."

Kevin Kinser, an expert on higher education, says there's no reason to panic.
"Universities are not going away anytime soon," said Kinser, chair of education
administration and policy studies at State University of New York at Albany. At
the same time, he says, the movement toward "competency-based" degree models,
like Capella's, is growing.

"We need to be able to have some way of demonstrating that learning has
occurred," he said. "Whether it is universally a better system, we don't know
yet."

Maura Lerner · 612-673-7384

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday

Maryland U.S. Sen. Cardin wants Election Day robocall investigation

BYLINE: Nicholas Sohr

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 228  words


U.S. Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin has asked U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder to
investigate robocalls made on Election Day that Democrats say were intended to
suppress turnout in African-American communities.

"While I fully understand that campaigns can be rough and tumble, where
candidates question and criticize their opponent's record and judgment, some
actions go beyond the pale and seek to intimidate voters," Cardin said in a
statement Thursday. "We must take action when entities deliberately use
deceptive practices to marginalize and disenfranchise voters. "

The Washington Post and TBD.com first reported the robocalls on Election Day,
and a later TBD item said the calls came from a number in the 202 area code.
Cardin said voters in Baltimore City and elsewhere around the state received the
calls.

In the calls, a woman's voice tells voters to "relax. "

"Governor O'Malley and President Obama have been successful," the voice said.
"Our goals have been met. The polls were correct ... and we're OK. Relax,
everything is fine. The only thing left is to watch on TV tonight.
Congratulations and thank you. "

The mystery robocaller was mostly right. O'Malley walloped former Gov. Robert L.
Ehrlich by a 14-point margin, the largest reported in polls leading up to the
election.

You can listen to the robo call at:

http://mddailyrecord.com/wp-files/interactive/sound1.html

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  May 18, 2005 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

PALMONE UNVEILING 4-GB LIFEDRIVE;
A NEW CATEGORY OF DIGITAL DEVICE: MOBILE MANAGER

BYLINE: SAM DIAZ, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 359 words


PalmOne is unveiling a mobile device today that the company places into a new
category: the all-in-one handheld that not only manages your calendar and
address book but also stores digital photos, MP3 files, spreadsheets and other
information.

The palmOne LifeDrive is the first in a newly created category of devices for
the Milpitas company: the mobile manager.

The LifeDrive, as well as its category, was born from the changing demands of
people who already use the company's handheld computers: those who primarily
bought a PDA to manage calendars and contact lists but find themselves
downloading third-party applications and storage through expansion cards.

'Brings it together'

The LifeDrive -- with its 4-gigabyte hard drive and built-in WiFi and Bluetooth
capabilities, as well as its enhanced screen -- brings it all together, said Raj
Doshi, senior product manager at palmOne in Milpitas. "To call it a handheld
kind of marginalizes it," Doshi said.

The device, priced at $499, can handle the basic calendar and contact
information that Palm has been offering in its handhelds since the debut of the
original Palm Pilot. But its drive, WiFi and Bluetooth also make it more like a
miniaturized computer that can access the Internet and carry everything from
photos and music files to PDF files and Excel spreadsheets.

Tim Bajarin, technology analyst with San Jose-based Creative Strategies, said
palmOne is smart to push the device as a mobile digital lifestyle product
instead of positioning it as a portable media player or a high-end PDA.

'Secret sauce'

"People are wanting to do more with what we see as a traditional PDA," he said.
"The secret sauce for this device is the software that Palm wrote for it. It
manages all types of content."

And he suspects that both business users and college students will be attracted
to it -- if they can get past the initial price.

If LifeDrive and its category are successful, future palmOne products could
present new challenges to the portable entertainment world, notably Apple and
its iPod, Bajarin said. "I see this as another potential competitor for Apple,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                           November 14, 2002 Thursday

Expected Victory By Pelosi Signals Democrats' Left Tilt

BYLINE: BY SEAN HIGGINS

SECTION: SECTION ISSUES & INSIGHTS; NATIONAL ISSUE; NATIONAL EDITION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 889 words


For many Democrats, the news that Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., was taking over
party leadership in the House was the best thing to come out of last week's
election.

For many Republicans, it was pretty good news, too.

As party whip in the House, Pelosi distinguished herself as the leadership's
most liberal member. Now, with House Democrats slated to vote today, she's
widely expected to beat her only rival, Rep. Harold Ford, D-Tenn., for the
party's top spot -- House minority leader.

Ford has put himself forward as a moderate. The party's preference for Pelosi
may mean Democrats are moving left. Spurned by moderates and swing voters, the
party may be returning to its activist roots.

Pelosi's fans hope such a move will revive the party. But it could also
marginalize the Democrats by ignoring moderate and swing voters.

Some conservatives are downright giddy. "Her whole attitude and demeanor screams
California liberal," said Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax
Reform.

Even some Democrats say Pelosi will have to moderate her message.

"The party leader has to reflect the dynamics of the (Democratic) Caucus," said
Will Marshall, president of the Progressive Policy Institute, think tank of the
Democratic Leadership Council. "That will trump whatever her own ideological
outlook is."

Maybe. But her record doesn't suggest that. She is the darling of left-wing
activist groups.

Rave Reviews

"Pelosi wants to go to the core constituencies -- women, organized labor,
environmentalists, civil rights campaigners, gays and lesbians -- and mobilize
the grass roots," wrote The Nation magazine in a glowing 2001 cover story.

The National Organization for Women has called her "one of the House's strongest
feminist leaders."

Pelosi's fans think her grass roots can spark a Democratic revival.

"For anybody who wanted the party to stand up and fight for what it believes . .
. Nancy will be a great change of pace," said Robert Borosage, co-director of
the Campaign for America's Future.

Pelosi's background is steeped in old-fashioned Democratic politics. Her father
and older brother were mayors of Baltimore. Some of her earliest memories, she
has said, are of politicking.

She has explained her political philosophy as: "You make sure the government
works for the people, help them find a job, find the care that they need, find a
place in the community."

She represents California's 8th District, which includes San Francisco.

Voting Liberal

Her voting record has often won perfect scores from liberal activist groups.
Last year, the National Abortion Rights Action League gave her a 100% rating. So
did Americans for Democratic Action and the AFL-CIO.

Her lifetime rating from the American Conservative Union is 2%.

On foreign policy, she led the opposition to normal trade with China and
strongly backed the Kyoto accord.

She voted against the Persian Gulf War in 1991, partly because she worried about
the environmental effects. She also voted this year against war with Iraq.

On the domestic front, Pelosi has agitated for more AIDS funding, a higher
minimum wage, needle exchange programs for addicts, medical marijuana and making
legal immigrants eligible for welfare. She also opposed welfare reform.

She called the Defense of Marriage Act, which let states not recognize gay
marriages, a "blatant act of discrimination."

Fans still talk about the time she was thrown out of a Senate hearing chaired by
Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C. She demanded he support the Convention on the
Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women.

That spirit has helped her rise through the caucus. When she ran for House whip
last year, she easily beat Maryland's Steny Hoyer.

She can play hardball. Rep. Ellen Tauscher, D-Calif., alleged last year the
Pelosi camp threatened to punish her for backing Hoyer. (Pelosi has denied it.)

Pelosi has also ruffled party feathers. She supported a primary challenge to
Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich., a party stalwart, because his rival was more
liberal. Dingell won, but Pelosi was unapologetic.

The whip post paved the way for her latest move. Rep. Martin Frost, D-Texas,
also wanted the job. But Frost, the caucus chairman, quickly dropped out.

Ford is making the case for himself as the moderate choice. But he's seen as a
real long shot.

"Our party has . . . failed to reach the majority of Americans who are
independent or who do not vote at all," Ford wrote in Wednesday's Washington
Post.

Such views seem to have fallen out of favor after the last election.

Crisis Of Confidence

"Psychologically, (the defeat) could hardly have been more devastating," wrote
Ron Brownstein in The American Prospect. It has "set off a crisis of confidence
among Democrats in Washington."

That's leading to a shakeup of leadership and party philosophy. Many Democrats
believe they lost because they weren't confrontational enough. Pelosi is their
answer.

"We must draw clear distinctions between our vision for the future and the
extreme policies put forward by the Republicans," she said. "As minority leader,
I will highlight those differences."

But will this bring the Democrats back to majority status?

"It is the only way," Borosage said. "Make distinctions between the two parties
very clear, and let people decide where they want to go."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                                www.investors.com


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 30, 2001, Sunday

PM IS KEY TO PEACE BETWEEN BITTER FOES

BYLINE: BY CORKY SIEMASZKO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 453 words

Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the man who set off India's nuclear
arms race with Pakistan, also might be the one person who can prevent the
Indian-Pakistani conflict from spiraling into a catastrophe.

Vajpayee leads a Hindu nationalist party that seeks to marginalize minority
Muslims and Christians, but the 75-year-old politician is neither a warmonger
nor a religious bigot.

"His instincts are that of a moderate," said Phillip Oldenburg, associate
director of the Southern Asian Institute at Columbia University. "He's not a
foaming-at-the-mouth Hindu fundamentalist. He has wanted better relations with
Pakistan."

Born into a high-caste Brahman family on Christmas Day 1926, Vajpayee grew up in
central India, the son of a Marxist schoolteacher. But at age 15, Vajpayee cut
his Communist ties and hooked up with a neofascist Hindu group called the
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.

The all-male militarist group gave birth to the right-wing Bharatiya Janata
Party, with Vajpayee and his current home minister, L.K. Advani, becoming its
standard-bearers.

But Vajpayee often has taken positions at odds with Advani and the party.

After Advani was indicted on charges of inciting a Hindu mob that destroyed a
mosque in Ayodhya in 1992, Vajpayee called the destruction a "blunder of
Himalayan proportions."

Vajpayee also has praised Mohandas Gandhi, the co-founder of the secular Indian
state who was murdered by Hindu nationalists, and one of his favorite movies is
director Richard Attenborough's "Gandhi."

By casting himself as a moderate, Vajpayee became a popular leader of a
relatively unpopular party, which achieved power only by forming coalitions with
smaller parties. It was the party that pushed Vajpayee to back building a
nuclear bomb in 1998, experts said.

Vajpayee is not a typical Indian politician. A bachelor, he raised a friend's
daughter as his own. He writes poetry, drinks Scotch, eats meat and likes
Broadway shows.

"I took him to see 'Fiddler on the Roof' on his last visit to New York," said
Mukund Mody, a Brooklyn doctor and friend. "I think it would be very unfair to
label him an Indian Nazi or call him a firebrand. He's a pacifist and the member
of a party that speaks out on emotional issues."

Vajpayee is under pressure from more hawkish members of his coalition government
to take a hard line against Pakistan - especially since Muslim terrorists
attacked the Indian Parliament.

But Vajpayee, who is recovering from colon and prostate cancer, must hold
together his shaky coalition of Hindu revivalists.

With important state elections looming, Vajpayee will have to resist extremists
who will demand that he seize the chance to teach Pakistan a lesson.


LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: PROFILE

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 May 01, 2000, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

There is danger in demonizing Cuban-Americans

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1893 words



I am appalled and outraged by the attempt of the Clinton administrationand its
surrogates in the press to demonize the Cuban-American community in Miami as
some kind of fanatics because, based on experience, they passionately care about
not wanting a helpless child to live under communism.

If they can successfully marginalize public opinion against this Cuban minority
in America, what is to prevent them from using the same tactics against other
groups they despise just as Nazi Germany, prior to World War II, did against the
Jews, leading to their extermination. Americans wake up!

John V. Koontz, St. Petersburg

Our flag should be respected

 To the Cuban-American population: Don't desecrate my flag.

I, along with thousands of other Americans, fought and many died to protect
America and the flag that represents it. When I see hundreds of Cuban flags
waving on American soil and the Stars and Stripes being humiliated, it makes my
blood boil. Perhaps it took a child to bring out the true feelings of those who
were offered safety and freedom in America for so long.

To those of you who would resort to civil disobedience to vent your dislike of
Fidel Castro, let me say that the doors that swung open to let you in are still
open to let you out if you do not like our laws and way of life. The world is a
large place. Perhaps you can find another country where you can have your
tantrums and behave like hoodlums until you get your way.

To the law-abiding Cubans who appreciate what they have been offered by America,
my deepest condolences for the shame brought upon you by this group of ingrates.

Ted Weisse, St. Petersburg

A question for our senators

Re: Our senators, the flag and the right to protest.

I have noticed that a large number of Cubans here in Miami are exhibiting their
displeasure with the federal government by desecrating the American flag. Many
display it upside down or with a garbage bag tied around it. In some cases they
have burned it.

Sens. Bob Graham and Connie Mack, who have so ardently supported the Gonzalez
family and who have been so outspoken in their criticism of the executive branch
in this matter, have both consistently voted for the Anti-Flag Desecration
Amendment to the Constitution.

Therefore, a legitimate question for Sens. Mack and Graham is whether they would
be willing to jail every Cuban-American who has desecrated the American flag in
protest of the government's raid on the Gonzalez home. If not, then it is my
sincere hope that they will publicly renounce their previous support for
undermining the First Amendment to our Constitution.

Brant C. Hadaway, Coconut Grove

Elian was a hostage

 Re: Elian photo records the nation's shame, by William Safire, April 25.

  Safire claims "Elian was no hostage; nobody was harming him or threatening
anybody's life."

My dictionary defines "hostage" as "a person held by one party in a conflict as
a pledge that promises be kept or terms met by the other party."

Elian was being held by a group of Americans primarily because they did not want
him exposed to the political system and beliefs of his father. That's not just
being held as a hostage; that's being held as a political hostage.

What's next? Should the foreign tourists at Disney World worry that our immense
egos regarding our political utopia could interfere with their ability to travel
freely with their children? Could Democrats seize children of Republicans?
Should all foreign children come to America because we don't agree with their
parents' politics?

Who do we think we are?

Terry R. Arnold, St. Petersburg

Raid was a shameful episode

 William Safire got it right in his Elian photo records the nation's shame
column in the April 25 Times. The Times should be commended for running the
photo on the front page of its April 23 edition since most other big names like
the New York Times, Washington Post, etc. pulled their punches and buried the
picture. Pointing an automatic weapon at Elian and the man who helped save his
life was a disgraceful, cowardly act - not by the man in black but by the people
who sent him.

William Jefferson Clinton, and his "follower clones" have again seen fit to go
against everything good that this country stands for. Clinton's efforts to
create a "positive" legacy where none exists allows a second-rate despot to
dictate to the best country on Earth. This is not a father's rights' issue; this
is a child brought to America by his mother to escape the tyranny of Cuba and
who has been made a pawn by Clinton and Castro, neither of whom deserve any
respect.

When are Americans going to stand up and tell this excuse for a president that
we've had enough of his demagoging, lawbreaking and distortion of our
Constitution? He shames us all when he speaks about the rule of law - he knows
nothing about that!

Robert D. Brandt, Seminole

Earth Day merits more respect

Re: Save the Earth, blah, blah, blah, by Jeanne Malmgren, April 21.

 Shame on you for publishing a story trivializing Earth Day! Contrary to this
story's assertion, Earth Day is a big deal to many American families, and there
is abundant evidence to prove this point should any journalist or casual Web
surfer care to make the effort to find it.

You could start by reading a newspaper. Demonstrators in Seattle and Washington
this year are taking on some of the world's most powerful and wealthy
institutions - the World Trade Organization, World Bank and International
Monetary Fund - in part because of the environmental damage caused by the
policies of these institutions.

Most Americans identify themselves as environmentalists. Membership in the
Sierra Club is at an all-time high. The Environmental Science and Policy program
at USF is flourishing, leading hundreds of graduates every year to professional
careers in environmental advocacy. Every week, thousands of Tampa Bay neighbors
volunteer time from busy schedules to attend meetings of groups like SOBAC or
Sierra Club, because protecting the environment matters to them.

If 50,000 people celebrate Earth Day in the nation's capital, that is a big
deal. It's disingenuous to belittle it by pointing out that an online petition
failed - in a single year - to persuade Congress to create another federal
holiday. What online petition has ever succeeded? The assertion that Earth Day
is "a big yawn" is puzzling - are there people who think it's cool not to care
about anything?  I don't know any of them, and I'm glad.  The people who
volunteered to organized this year's Earth Day event for the city of Tampa (at
Lowry Park) deserve more respect.

M.J. Williamson, Florida Consumer Action Network, Tampa

Foster care plan is flawed

 Just when you think things can't get worse for Florida's foster children, along
comes the Salvation Army of St. Petersburg with a plan to warehouse them in an
orphanage (Salvation Army plans permanent foster care, April 12). Of course they
don't call it an orphanage; no one ever does anymore.

In an orphanage, the children live in so-called cottages on a so-called campus
with staff renamed "house parents." The Salvation Army's plan supposedly is not
an orphanage because the residents will be called foster children and the staff
will be called "foster parents." But they can still be hired and fired at will,
or quit for a better job, just like staff. Supposedly, this arrangement is an
improvement over foster care because if things don't work out between foster
child and "foster parent," the foster parent will have to leave. But each "home"

 will have at least six children. What if things "work out" for five children
and not the sixth?

The Salvation Army calls this a huge improvement over foster care because it
supposedly provides permanence and stability for a child since the child can
stay in the same building. But it perverts the true meaning of permanence to
define it in terms of bricks and mortar. By that criterion, the ideal
"permanent" placement for a child would be a jail cell. Permanence means at
least one, preferably two adults who can provide a child with unconditional love
for his or her entire childhood and beyond.

There is a way to provide that kind of real permanence. The Department of
Children and Families' regional director in Broward County recently acknowledged
that 35 percent of that county's foster children could have remained safely in
their own homes had proper services been available. There's no reason to think
St. Petersburg is any different. So why doesn't the Salvation Army take the $
20-million it plans to squander on an endowment for an orphanage and create an
endowment to provide services to keep families together instead?

Richard Wexler, executive director, National Coalition

for Child Protection Reform, Alexandria, Va.

Keep your wits on moving day

I was glad to see Judy Stark's moving tips column (Smooth Moves Ahead, April
15). It is very timely now that the moving season has begun. I agree
wholeheartedly that moving is a very stressful life event. No doubt many people
have horror stories to tell of their memories of moving. We've all been there.

I can tell you firsthand that it is important to be organized and keep
everything as simple as possible. It is a big undertaking to move one's
household, and unforeseen circumstances can occur. Don't heap more stress on
yourself by planning any other activity on moving day. This will only increase
your frustration level. Moving day is truly sufficient unto itself.

I always advise our customers to pack a suitcase as if going on a two-day trip,
being sure to include daily medications, valuables and the remote control! To
save time (which equals money) and avoid damage, put everything you own into
well-labeled boxes except your TV, microwave and furniture. To help your movers
help you, call as much as you need to with your questions prior to the big day
and be ready on the big day. If the movers can spend their time stacking items
in the truck instead of gathering up loose items and hurriedly boxing or (worse)
bagging them, the time and expense will both run shorter.

Above all, keep your sense of humor. It will feel so good when it's over!

Mark Clausen, vice president, Clausen Brothers

Moving Co., St. Petersburg

A fun fuel focus

Re: Fuming about gas prices? April 9.

Hats off to the business section of the St. Petersburg Times for putting the
cost of gasoline in the proper perspective. Now that I know how the cost of a
gallon of gasoline equates to a gallon of some of our basic needs, it has become
much easier to deal with traffic congestion.

I have asked the Florida Department of Transportation to determine how much
liquid paper at $ 488.53 a gallon is needed statewide to wipe out congestion.

We will have a lot of fun with these cost comparisons. Thanks for bringing some
reality to one of Florida's serious economic problems.

Donald R. Crane Jr., president, Floridians For

Better Transportation, St. Petersburg

Share your opinions

Letters for publication should be addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box
1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. They can be sent by e-mail to
letters@sptimes.com or by fax to (727) 893-8675.

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length.


LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 25, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

In India, Too Much Spice?

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D07; POP NOTES

LENGTH: 384 words


A top classical dancer in India has asked the government to ban a performance by
the Spice Girls at an archaeological site known for its erotic sculptures. The
concert, scheduled for November in the town of Khajuraho, will "marginalize the
delicate spiritual context in which the temples were constructed nearly 1,000
years ago," Geeta Chandran said in a statement. "The eroticism of Khajuraho is
part of the larger Hindu view of the cyclicality of life," she said. "The
profile of the Spice Girls does not match that of the temples. . . . Eroticism
sans spirituality will be reduced to pornography" . . . Elton John, who moved
the world with his rendition of "Candle in the Wind" at Princess Diana's
funeral, received a knighthood yesterday from Queen Elizabeth II. Dressed in a
formal suit, John took his parents and his partner, David Furnish, to Buckingham
Palace to watch him kneel before the queen as she dubbed him on each shoulder
with the investiture sword. "I am extremely proud," the new Sir Elton said. "I
love my country and to be recognized in such a way -- I can't think of anything
better" . . . The U.S. Supreme Court paved the way Monday for the out-of-wedlock
son of blues great Robert Johnson to pursue inheritance rights to the late
performer's music, likeness and story. Johnson died in 1938 in Greenwood, Miss.,
without leaving a will. The court ruling settled a legal wrangle between the
son, Claud, and two distant relatives who tried to block his 1992 claim, arguing
that he had waited too long. . . . Faith Hill and Tim McGraw are having a baby.
Betty Trimble, McGraw's mother, said Hill is pregnant again, but she wouldn't
elaborate, saying the couple had asked her not to talk to the press until after
the Grammys tonight . . . Members of Oasis were almost thrown off a flight from
Hong Kong to Australia for offensive behavior. The captain of a Cathay Pacific
flight to Perth, where Oasis is due to begin an Australian tour, threatened to
divert the plane and remove the band and its 30-member entourage unless th

ey behaved, an airline spokesman said yesterday. The band and its entourage
abused crew and passengers, lit cigarettes on a no-smoking flight, yelled
obscenities and behaved offensively Monday during the 7 1/2-hour flight, the
spokesman said.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     February 23, 1998 Monday Final Edition

Did You Hear?

SOURCE: Spectator wire services and the Internet

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D9 / FRONT

LENGTH: 479 words


PETER G. ON TV

Broadcaster Peter Gzowski is making a return to TV with a new one-hour, 13-part
series called Gzowski In Conversation. "I've believed for a long time that
television would welcome the kind of reflective, probing, civilized conversation
that seems to work so well in radio," Gzowski says. It will feature Gzowski with
personalities from politics, business and the arts. It will first air April 26.

SPICE GIRLS = PORNOGRAPHY

A top Indian classical dancer asked the government to ban a performance by the
Spice Girls at an archeological site known for its erotic sculptures. The
concert, scheduled for November in the central Indian town of Khajuraho, will "
marginalize the delicate spiritual context in which the temples were constructed
nearly 1,000 years ago," Geeta Chandran says. "The profile of the Spice Girls
does not match that of the temples ... Eroticism sans spirituality will be
reduced to pornography."

CRICHTON SAYS, TWIST THIS, PAL

A filmmaker who unsuccessfully sued the makers of Twister for copyright
infringement received a bill for about $1.2 million US from their lawyers.
Lawyers for Michael Crichton, Steven Spielberg and other Hollywood heavyweights
filed the bill in U.S. District Court in St. Louis. In his lawsuit, Stephen
Kessler accused Crichton and Spielberg of stealing his screenplay, Catch The
Wind, to make Twister. Both stories are about storm chasers. Kessler's seeking a
new trial.

CHURCHES CASH IN ON DI

In an effort to attract more worshippers, Britain's churches are planning an ad
campaign capitalizing on the huge outpouring of grief that followed the death of
Diana, Princess of Wales, reports The Associated Press. Posters will show the
banks of flowers, stuffed animals, handwritten messages and candles piled
outside Kensington Palace and other royal sites after Diana's death, with the
slogan: If all this started you thinking, carry on at church this Easter.
Organizers concede the campaign could draw accusations that the churches are
cashing in on Diana's death. The creators of the campaign, the Churches
Advertising Network, has already been criticized for some of its past work.

SPORTS NET DENIES ALBERT POST

A New York City sports cable network is denying a speculative New York Post
article that disgraced broadcaster Marv Albert may be rehired -- as a news
anchor -- this spring. Albert called Big Apple basketball and hockey games for
the Madison Square Garden Network before losing that gig, plus his NBC one,
following his sex-assault trial.

KING OF POP ARRIVES IN POLAND

Poland wants the King of Pop.

Michael Jackson's plans to build a $500-million amusement park on the site of a
former Polish military airport won approval from state officials Friday.

The reclusive pop star chose the site during a visit last year, said Jacques
Tourel, Jackson's Warsaw representative.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Diana Photo: Marv Albert Photo: Michael Crichton Photo: Peter
Gzowski Photo: Spice Girls

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1998 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 1, 1997, Saturday

Let us pray that no one feels left out

BYLINE: MIKE WILSON

SECTION: SEMINOLE TIMES; RELIGION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 825 words



It was the first day of a new season at the Northeast Little League in St.
Petersburg. Several hundred kids in pastel hats and shirts lined the sun-baked
clay infield as their parents watched from the bleachers.

Time to say a prayer for the little sluggers.

"Let us pray," a St. Petersburg clergyman began. He asked God to keep the
children safe, help them grow, and so on. He ended the prayer with what seemed
to be a sincere and heartfelt expression of his faith: "In Jesus' name we  pray.
Amen."

For some Christians believers, ending the prayer that way might have seemed  as
natural as running to first base after hitting the ball.

But some people were offended. For one couple present - a Jewish couple -  the
Christian prayer was an unpleasant example of how majority groups can
marginalize or exclude minorities. This couple, whose son plays in the league,
did not yank their child off the field or anything. They just felt left out,  as
they often have in their lives. And they felt that having their names  published
here would only make them feel more different.

I heard the prayer, too (my son plays in the league), and I don't blame  them.
I, too, was surprised that the pastor had prayed in a way that was  meaningful
to some, but not others.

For me, the invocation raised a lot of questions. Is it appropriate to give  a
faith-specific prayer at a public setting? If not, what kind of prayer  should
be given? Should we pray at all in public? Finally, who was the pastor,  and
what was his side of the story?

First, the issue. Roy Kaplan heads the Tampa office of the National  Conference,
an organization dedicated to building bridges between faith  groups. Kaplan has
thought a lot about public prayer. The conference even  publishes a pamphlet on
the subject.

Kaplan believes that prayer "is a very private thing" and is best  practiced in
a place of worship. But if we feel we must pray at a public  meeting, then the
prayer should be inclusive, not exclusive, he said.

Ideally,  Kaplan said, the person leading the prayer would ask for a moment  of
silence "so that we might reflect on the meaning of this occasion in our  own
way." If the prayer-giver prefers a spoken invocation, he or she should  use
universal terms such as "source of all being" and "hear our prayer."

If the speaker insists on referring to his or her own faith tradition, "I  pray"

 would be better than "Let us pray," Kaplan said. That way, the  prayer-giver
wouldn't risk leading people some place they might not want to  go.

A few days after the Little League ceremony, I called the league and asked  for
the pastor's name. Then I visited him at his church.

His name is Barry Draper, and he is minister of music at North East Park
Baptist Church in St. Petersburg. The five-year resident of the city is  married
and has three children, two of whom, Tony and Cory, play in the  league.

Draper, an amiable and easygoing man, said praying at public events is a
tradition worth maintaining. "(Little League) is something that our kids care
about, and therefore I think it's something God cares about," he said.

He said he knew that some of the people present probably weren't  Christians,
and hoped that his prayer would not offend them. But if he was  going to make
someone feel left out, it certainly wasn't going to be Jesus.

"As a minister of a Baptist church, when I am asked to pray, whether it's
publicly or privately, I will pray in the name of Jesus," he said. "If I  were
to do otherwise, that prayer would have no personal meaning."

Draper made several other points. He said he would not expect anyone to  alter a
prayer to suit him. He said people take Jesus' name in vain all the  time,
without regard to whom they might offend. He said his children's public  schools
have "holiday concerts" at which they may sing about Hanukkah and  Kwanzaa, but
not Jesus, which he thinks is unfair.

"We're going censorship-crazy, and all of the censorship seems to be  against
the idea of Jesus," he said.

Finally, when he says "In Jesus' name we pray," Draper doesn't really  expect
everyone in the audience to pray that way. People who want to silently  pray
some other way may do so, he said.

I left the meeting impressed with Draper's apparent commitment to his  faith,
but still troubled by what he had said at the Little League event -  which was,
after all, a gathering of children. It seemed they had learned an  unfortunate
lesson: It's okay to exclude some people, as long as you're sure  of yourself,
and as long as it's for a good cause.

And so let us pray, silently, that the Rev. Draper is always free to  believe as
he wishes, and that all our children - his, mine, yours, and that  Jewish
couple's - grow up knowing they're on the same team.

- Mike Wilson can be reached by phone at (813) 892-2924 or by e-mail at
mwilsonsptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: SEMINOLE TIMES; LARGO TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS
TIMES; CITRUS TIMES; HERNANDO TIMES; PASCO TIMES; CITY & STATE

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                               May 6, 2013 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Government determined to adopt failed model

BYLINE: Brad Bellmore, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 621 words


Bellmore is a resident of Saskatoon.

In his viewpoint article, New assessments helpful (SP, April 25), Education
Minister Russ Marchuk claims to offer "information and clarification" in
response to a column by Murray Mandryk about the government's failure to make a
case for testing K-12 students in Saskatchewan.

What the minister provides is rhetoric and no references to research.
Unfortunately, references to one or two instances without any verifiable data is
not research. It is propaganda.

It is undeniable that the push-back against standardized testing in the United
States was caused by its failures. There have been outright revolts and protests
over this issue in New Jersey, Texas, Louisiana, Washington and Illinois, not to
mention the massive corruption scandal in Atlanta over standardized testing.
Louisiana and Texas have gone as far as legislating out the dire reliance on
this approach to education.

Yet, the Saskatchewan Party government seems intent on making the same
standardized mistakes as the U.S.

Of even greater concern, aside from the clear failures of a standardized testing
approach, is the fact that these tests do marginalize some students. It is clear
that the Saskatchewan government's educational goals in its Vision 20/20 are
impossible to achieve - not because of students, but because of the top-down
approach. Vision 20/20 is clearly out of focus with reality, and is nothing more
than misleading government rhetoric.

Educator Rhonda Joy Edwards Vansant states that, "Standardized tests demand that
everyone in a certain grade level learn the same skills, within the same time,
in the same way ... because they will be required to give the very same answers
in order to do well. Everyone must fit into the same box, the same cookie
cutter, be the same bolt or screw on the assembly line of education."

Does not a standardized test demand that there is a standard student? If so,
what is a standardized student?

Marchuk claims that Saskatchewan's tests are being designed by teachers, but
when did the Saskatchewan Party ever consult with the teachers of Saskatchewan
about what they need in the classroom? It would seem to be a wise approach to
ask those who know how to build when undertaking construction, instead of
creating a blueprint on proven failed designs.

The government has no place in the classroom, either to control what is being
taught or to dictate how students are tested. It simply does not have the
knowledge for such an undertaking, nor is it expected to.

The serious implications of privacy matters should be setting off red lights of
anyone concerned with privacy matters in Saskatchewan. If the same data that
were being collected for standardized tests were in the possession of a
physician, parental consent would be required to release that information. It
seems that Marchuk's government does not believe that the privacy law should
protect parental consent for their children, or the most vulnerable in
Saskatchewan: Our children.

In a letter drafted by a Grade 8 student to New York State authorities about
standardized testing, Sophia Stevens quoted Albert Einstein, who stated:
"Everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree,
it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid."

It would seem that there are too many bureaucrats and politicians trying to
climb trees in Saskatchewan when they should stick to polluting more familiar
waters.

This government has yet to provide one shred of verifiable research that
supports any of its fallacious assertions about the need for the failed concept
of standardized testing. Why are the taxpayers of Saskatchewan being put on the
hook for a system that is a proven failed educational concept?

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                               May 1, 2015 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

DEMS SAY HOUSING WOULD LOSE;
WEDC-WHEDA | WALKER DEFENDS MERGER PLAN

BYLINE:  MARK SOMMERHAUSER  msommerhauser@madison.com, 608-252-6122

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 529 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE


Gov. Scott Walker on Thursday defended his controversial plan to merge two state
agencies, saying it would create a more responsive vehicle for Wisconsin's
economic development efforts. Boards of the two agencies, the Wisconsin Economic
Development Corp. and the Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority,
met jointly Thursday to discuss the proposed merger.

Walker praised efforts by GOP lawmakers to advance the merger through a
standalone bill. Walker, as part of his budget plan, initially proposed merging
the two agencies into a new entity, the Forward Wisconsin Development Authority.

Democratic state lawmakers have lambasted the plan, saying it could reduce
transparency and marginalize the housing aspect of the authority's mission.

They've also objected to placing housing development efforts under the umbrella
of the beleaguered WEDC, which has been plagued by employee turnover, an
inability to track loans and other problems since it was created by Walker early
in his first term.

Walker senior adviser Matt Moroney told the agencies' boards that the merger
would create a "one-stop shop" for state economic development assistance.
Moroney said the administration's goal is to have the newly merged board begin
to meet in January.

Walker's office previously said the merger would result in "marginal savings" to
the state. Walker said Thursday that the merger would create some duplication in
top-level leadership of the agencies, possibly leading to job cuts. But he said
the move isn't intended to reduce rank-and-file staff.

"I don't think the reason to do this is for specific savings," Walker said.
"This is about service delivery. This would be a more efficient way for a person
or an entity to go to one spot instead of two separate state agencies."

Assembly Democratic Leader Peter Barca said the authority's housing
responsibilities aren't compatible with WEDC's charge to create jobs. Barca,
D-Kenosha, said he'll ask that the merger be delayed until a "full vetting" can
occur.

"I've not heard any meaningful case put together as to what the benefit is of
merging these agencies ? none whatsoever," Barca said.

Sen. Nikiya Harris Dodd, D-Milwaukee, said the merger could reduce transparency
because WEDC has struggled to track loans it gave to businesses.

Walker said Thursday he aims to apply lessons learned from the rocky WEDC
rollout. He said he hopes to provide a longer rampup period for leaders of the
two agencies to plan the merger.

Sen. Rick Gudex, R-Fond du Lac, and Rep. Rob Hutton, R-Brookfield, have
introduced a standalone bill to advance the merger. The lawmakers and Walker
said Thursday that the bill would allow the merger to be more closely
scrutinized.

"We're doing this in an effort to give everybody a voice," Gudex said.

Gudex said that bill will move in tandem with the plan outlined in Walker's
budget.

The bill creates a different leadership structure for the new agency, calling
for it to be governed by a 12-member board, including four lawmakers. Walker's
budget plan would establish a board of private-sector employees whom the
governor would appoint.

Barca, speaking Thursday, praised the standalone bill as a positive step.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  The Associated Press contributed to this report.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Since Sunday;
Wyllie deserved better from coverage

SECTION: Pg. A-11

LENGTH: 125 words


A commenter on Jacksonville.com questions the media's focus on the two-party
system.

What really floors me is that the media still refuses to consider third-party
candidates as viable options, using comments like "Libertarian candidate Adrian
Wyllie has 7 percent, and 9 percent of voters were undecided" in order to
marginalize these candidates. We the people believe this stuff, even when we are
faced with two idiots running on the republo-crat ticket. ... We the people keep
letting this wool get pulled over our eyes because we treat these elections like
sporting events, rooting for our "team" to win like it's the Fla.-Ga. game all
over. We allow ourselves to be cleverly tricked into thinking that the two evils
are our only option ...

subcreep

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Florida Times-Union


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 864  words


Crossing guard

After reading The Capital (May 30) I cannot imagine why Assistant Superintendent
Donna Cianfrani still has her job.

Let's solve this problem now: Get rid of Cianfrani, reinstate Annette Hogan, pay
her any lost wages and lastly, give her a raise for the wonderful way she is
protecting our children.

We should thank the Lord that we have her keeping the children safe.

Let's do the right thing for a change.

EDNA M. WILSON

Arnold

Third-party candidate

Eric Hartley wrote about Maryland's third-party Catch-22 (The Capital, May 12).
As a third-party candidate in 2002, I was shocked at the all-out effort to
marginalize any third-party candidate.

It took over two years of standing in front of grocery stores and other public
places to get the necessary signatures to get on the ballot. After the
signatures were gathered it was a long tedious process to get them verified.
Each sheet was reviewed and many signatures were rejected.

When I was the first official candidate to be certified I thought things would
lighten up - wrong. I was a member of the local chamber of commerce and attended
religiously the weekly committee meetings. The issue of inviting the two
candidates from the major parties was discussed and great effort was made to set
up a debate between them. Not once was my name mentioned or that I was on the
ballot. It was a real Kabuki show.

When I decided to run I introduced myself to another newspaper's full-time
political writer and told him I was going to run. For some stupid reason I
thought that since no third-party candidate had run for this office in my
lifetime that this might be news. He received it with the same enthusiasm as you
would expect if I brought in some roadkill. He finally did go to lunch with me.

The only paper that gave me any real exposure was one in Baltimore. But by and
large the duopoly's ban held. What little bit was printed was more like
misinformation and distortion then facts.

I wouldn't do it again but I am continually grateful for the experience.

SPEAR LANCASTER

Crownsville

Patriotism

While I have never served in uniform, I consider myself to be a patriot and an
American.

A previous letter to the editor asked that we all show our patriotism and
allegiance to our country by flying the flag this Memorial Day. So on this
Memorial Day my children and I took an imperfect survey of the neighborhood in
which we live. The results show that of the 426 homes surveyed, less than 25
percent had Old Glory flying.

Knowing that my ancestors fought and died to preserve this union, and my
grandfather left his four growing children behind when called upon by his
country to fight in the War To End All Wars, I find it appalling the apathy and
lack of respect shown by my neighbors.

You may have different political views than me, and may not agree with our
politicians or leaders, but while our sons and daughters are currently fighting
for our defend you, your freedom and our country, I ask one simple question:
What is your excuse?

GREG WALKER

Annapolis

Illegals

I saw on the television news the other day where a woman and her daughter may be
deported to Estonia.

She married a U.S. citizen, raised her daughter, who is a college graduate,
while applying for political asylum for 17 years.

The government's story is Estonia is no longer Communist and so it would be safe
for her and her daughter to go back there to live.

This is another brilliant decision by our numbskull federal government,
harassing this woman who is an asset to our country. All the while housing
behind bars thousands of illegal criminals, not counting feeding them, medical,
educational, clothing, etc. - all on the back's of the American taxpayer instead
of deporting them by the thousands.

Where is Barbara Mikulski, Ben Cardin, John Sarbanes, C.A. ''Dutch''
Ruppersberger, Steny Hoyer and the rest of our representatives who should be
helping this woman whose name is Pirit Tursik?

JOHN POLLOCK

Stevensville

Cartoons

Political cartoons are supposed to comment and incite. They are not supposed to
advance obvious falsehoods.

The political cartoon (The Capital, June 1) portraying President Obama wanting
the Israelis to retreat to the 1967 borders is not true. He, as most everyone
believes, including most Israelis, sees the 1967 borders with Palestine as the
starting point for "agreed swaps" for creating a Palestinian state.

Nor does the Obama want Israel to be a target for violence - far from it. He
wants Israel to be secure and in peace with the Palestinians.

NICK BERRY

Annapolis

Officials

Maybe I was mistaken to think that elected officials respond to their
constituents all year, not just during the legislative session.

During the past month I have called and sent emails to state Sen. James Rosapepe
about a letter of mine U.S. Sen. Barbara Mikulski forwarded to him. I have had
no response.

Last year I experienced a similar situation after one of his staff could not
tell me when I might hear from him. I finally gave up and contacted Mikulski who
forwarded my letter because the issues fall within Rosapepe's jurisdiction.

Is he not interested in assisting the citizens whose district he represents? Is
he not interested in being re-elected?

SUSAN B. SOHN

Odenton

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 1, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE BRITNEY SPEARS DEMOCRATS

BYLINE: Elisa Cramer

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 718 words


The morning after Hillary Clinton won the New Hampshire primary, longtime
Clinton pollster Sergio Bendixen told The New Yorker magazine, "The Hispanic
voter -- and I want to say this very carefully -- has not shown a lot of
willingness or affinity to support black candidates."

Was that merely "a historical statement," as Sen. Clinton later claimed? Or was
the Clinton camp playing the race card?

Ryan Lizza, author of that article, wrote: "Interestingly, in the final days of
the New Hampshire campaign, when defeat looked certain for Clinton, it was
Hillary's aides who started talking privately about racial politics. They argued
that on Feb. 5, when 22 states vote, Hillary's fire wall would be Hispanic
voters in the largest states, such as California and New York."

After the New Hampshire win, Mr. Bendixen said, "The fire wall doesn't apply
now, because she is in good shape, but before last night the Hispanic vote was
going to be the most important part of her fire wall on Feb. 5."

Going into South Carolina, former President Bill Clinton attempted to
marginalize Sen. Barack Obama as "the black candidate," downplaying expectations
of an Obama victory by likening him to Jesse Jackson in the '80s with a
what-else-would-you-expect-from-black-voters-toward-a-black-candidate tone. Were
some Clinton staffers also practicing the politics of division, quietly seeking
to inflame racial tensions between blacks and Hispanics going into states --
Florida, and now California, New Mexico and others -- with large Hispanic
populations?

In fact, Hispanic voters in many big cities have overwhelmingly supported
African-American mayoral candidates, researcher Matt Barreto of the University
of Washington found: 80 percent for Harold Washington in Chicago in 1983; 73
percent for David Dinkins in New York in 1989; more than 70 percent for
Wellington Webb of Denver in 1991 and Ron Kirk of Dallas in 1995. Even in Miami
on Tuesday, according to exit polls cited by The Miami Herald, a larger
percentage of Hispanics (30) voted for Sen. Obama than non-Hispanic whites (22).

Hillary Clinton's success with Hispanic voters probably has less to do with
racial bias than with their knowledge of Bill Clinton, whom they supported
nationwide by nearly 80 percent in 1996. As Mr. Bendixen also said in The New
Yorker: "It's one group where going back to the past really works. All you need
to say in focus groups is 'Let's go back to the '90s.' "

But that focuses too much attention on Bill Clinton, not Hillary Clinton. Hence
the planting of a different seed, a more subtle, insidious, superficially
irrefutable seed, because, well, everyone knows there are racial tensions in
America...

A whispering taint initiated by campaign operatives is not only destructive; it
is insulting, as though millions of people of any ethnicity are one monolithic
entity, having the same thoughts, the same perspectives, the same biases, the
same interests. Nor does it value the cultures under one vast label.

The local history that may influence voters in Miami -- from the McDuffie race
riots in 1980 to the influx of Cubans via the Mariel boatlift to the
displacement of blacks from neighborhoods to Jewish people once banned from
lunch counters -- is different than the experience of Mexican-American voters in
Central Florida, Nevada or New Mexico. And that is different from the experience
of Jewish seniors and younger Jewish-Americans, and African-Americans,
Haitian-Americans, West Indians ...

"Ethnic voting is a sorry reality of American politics," state Rep. Dan Gelber,
D-Miami Beach, the House minority leader, said this week. What would this
campaign -- this country -- look like if, instead of exploiting ethnic and
racial frictions, candidates acknowledged and discussed them, paying close
attention to the history that helped shape them and furthering the progress that
is helping to ease them?

Such self-propelled divisive politics should worry Democrats. "We're getting
close to the point," said Rep. Gelber, "where we're creating a divide in our own
party. I fear we're going to end up with an 'Oops! We did it again' moment,
where we find a way to create divisions in our own party and end up losing the
election."

Elisa Cramer is an editorial writer for The Palm Beach Post. Her e-mail address
is elisa_cramer@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 16, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

Why Clinton's 'Fast Track' Loss Is a Win

Robert Kuttner

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1670 words


The defeat of the administration's fast-track bill that would have granted the
president broad trade authority has been depicted as a backward-looking
disaster. Supposedly, it will hurt investor confidence in America, slow economic
growth and marginalize the Democratic Party.

In reality, Clinton's defeat offers a welcome pause. Instead of rushing headlong
into another NAFTA, we can now have a long-overdue national debate about the
terms of engagement between the United States and the global economy.

Before the defeat, the president described the fast-track bill as "a
no-brainer." Nearly everyone, in theory, benefits from trade. The impetus to
build a seamless and largely ungoverned global economy is presented as an almost
undebatable question.

The only opponent, in this view, are ugly nativists and the small minority of
factory workers actually dislocated by trade. The very oddity of the anti-fast
track coalition -- Ross Perot and Pat Buchanan linking arms with Ralph Nader and
AFL-CIO President John Sweeney -- suggests that opponents must be outside the
mainstream.

But this conception poses the issue far too glibly and narrowly. The real
question in volves not whether to be "internationalist," but on what terms --
and with what effects on our society at home.

Why, after all, does the administration need a new authority to negotiate more
trade deals that cannot be amended by Congress? For one thing, Clinton wants to
negotiate more regional agreements like NAFTA. For another, he wants China in
the World Trade Organization (WTO).

But each of these issues is open to legitimate debate. NAFTA, at best, was
oversold. At worst, the overeagerness to include a politically underdeveloped
country like Mexico in a free-trade area with the United States and Canada
caused a rush of speculative peso investments, and then a severe collapse in
late 1994. Mexico's economy has yet to fully recover.

Further, a competition to pursue more regional trading areas with special
privileges for member nations is antithetical to the ideal of universal open
trade. The fact that the administration is pursuing both generalized free trade
and more special trading areas is indicative of intellectual muddle.

Nor is it clear that nations such as China, which do not have America's
conception of democratic liberties, worker rights or even private property
rights, should be admitted as full members of the WTO. For nearly half a
century, trade with communist countries was conducted under a very narrow set of
carefully limited rules. That certainly did not hurt the West, which had plenty
of other people to trade with. And it may have accelerated the communist
downfall.

Will China become a liberal democracy faster if it is granted full WTO
membership right away, or if membership is made contingent on meeting concrete
criteria of political openness? This is a contentious and legitimate policy
dispute, not one properly suited to administration carte blanche.

Beyond these particulars is a profound debate about the kind of capitalism we
want in the United States, and what new institutions it requires in a global
era. For a century, the liberal democracies have sought to build a capitalism
that was dynamic but also socially bearable. This project necessarily was
pursued by nation-states -- because there is no global government.

As the Great Depression demonstrated, unregulated capitalism is a nightmare.
Once we learned, as a nation, how to temper a market economy, broadly diffused
prosperity resulted. But global trade offers market forces an end run around
national stabilizers such as financial regulation and labor standards.

If individual nations contrive minimum-wage laws, collective bargaining rights
and worker safety regulations, private capital can simply move to places where
no such laws exist. If we enact higher standards of environmental protection
that require industrialists to invest in clean production, the Third World has
no such standards. It then becomes easier to argue that the United States should
jettison such laws, lest we price ourselves out of global markets.

Likewise, the mature democratic countries, chastened by two centuries of
financial panics, crashes and swindles, decided to regulate banks and stock
exchanges. But no such policing exists in the offshore banking havens and the
primitive casino economies of "emerging markets" like Thailand and Mexico.

Yet free marketeers boast that the nation-state is now an anachronism, as if
capitalism can now regulate itself. However, the fundamental instability of a
market economy has not changed; these issues now play out on a larger and more
complex stage.

So trade winds up affecting the way we live in ways that utopian free traders
seldom acknowledge. That's why fast track is a much bigger issue than it seems.
The rules of world trade profoundly affect our own society.

A counterpart of the fast-track controversy is occurring in Europe. The right
wants full financial and commercial union to proceed, uncomplicated by social
policy. The left wants construction of democratic European political
institutions to proceed apace so that social policy in Europe is not entirely
the province of businesses and bankers.

A global economy compels us to consider what kind of rules to enact for the
world trading system, and who shall enforce them. After World War II, Western
statesmen built a set of global financial institutions -- the so-called Bretton
Woods system -- intended to strike a balance between a restoration of private
commerce, and the ability of national governments to pursue full-employment
economies, further tempered by social stabilizers.

The Bretton Woods system included a World Bank and an International Monetary
Fund (IMF) that would use public funds to liberate economic development from the
tyranny of myopic private capital markets. But half a century later, the IMF has
become the agent of financial orthodoxy and fiscal austerity. Private investors,
not the World Bank, call the tune. The original International Trade
Organization, devised in the late 1940s, included a commitment to full
employment and labor rights. But it was never formalized.

The last three administrations -- two Republican and one nominally Democratic --
have pursued clearer rules for trade. But their particular agenda has been
mainly intended to protect (note that word) the interests of investors.

The new World Trade Organization, fruit of the last round of global trade talks,
protects market access and property rights for investors. What the WTO largely
ignores are regulatory issues that affect ordinary people -- labor rights, the
quality of the environment and other social questions -- and the WTO's
conceptions of due process, of conflicts of interest, and enforcement mechanisms
are rudimentary.

Yet another issue that cries out for policy innovation is how to contain the
instability that results when immature market economies succumb to banking
panics, stock market collapses and the pricking of real estate bubbles, as has
happened recently in East Asia. Some, like the Nobel laureate economist James
Tobin, have proposed a small tax on currency trades to slow down the financial
casino.

So it's no wonder that there is no national consensus on the objectives for a
new round of trade negotiations. In the 1960s, President Kennedy overcame labor
skepticism about freer trade by offering compensation to workers hurt by
resulting economic changes. President Clinton might have issued a call for
greater international recognition of labor and environmental rights and greater
domestic subsidy to help those dislocated by trade. Instead, he made common
cause with Republicans who have little sympathy for any kinds of social
standards or social spending, global or domestic. Mercifully, this effort
failed.

Prophets of gloom contend that the fast-track defeat portends a new era of
protectionism and slow growth. This is improbable. Trade is already
substantially free. Investors are able to ship money and products around the
globe, secure in their property rights. They are able to repatriate profits at
will. Most tariffs are already close to zero. Governments are generally getting
out of the subsidy business.

There is no rational reason for investors, foreign or domestic, to lose
confidence in the U.S. economy because of the fast-track defeat. If the
overvalued bull market does finally end, Republican politicians and the Wall
Street Journal editorial page doubtless will forever blame it on House Minority
leader Dick Gephardt and the opponents of fast track. But the most recent stock
slide had nothing whatever to do with the loss of trade negotiating authority.
Rather, the markets lost confidence precisely because of the spillover effects
of unregulated globalization -- in this case contagion from unstable markets in
Asia.

What we really need is a pause in which to consider how to govern this whole
global affair -- not an acceleration of the rush to remove the remaining
economic stabilizers. Politically, it is now very likely that there will be no
new fast-track authority and no major new trade agreement until after the
election in 2000. The 1998 mid-term election will be a preview, with Clinton and
Vice President Gore siding with the Republicans as the laissez-faire party, and
Gephardt and most House Democrats as the party of economic stabilization and
management.

It certainly is a mistake to view this latest split in the Democratic Party as
mere pandering or jockeying for the Democratic nomination in 2000. There is a
principled debate here: Do we revive the raw capitalism of Charles Dickens's
England, camouflaged by the sexy appeal of globalism? Or do we rebuild a mixed
economy in the spirit of Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal, updated for a new
international era?

Robert Kuttner is co-editor of the American Prospect, a liberal bimonthly
magazine, and author of "Everything For Sale" (Knopf).


LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, chip bok for the akron beach journal

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 26, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

Keeping Our Allies From Becoming Our Adversaries

Jim Hoagland

SECTION: OUTLOOK; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 1889 words


NOW THAT America's enemies are vanquished, it has only its friends to worry
about. And those worries are shaping a busy post-Cold War agenda.

Indeed, without the Kremlin threat to resolve or marginalize problems for them,
America and its allies are entering an era of permanent tensions. Allied
institutions that long served to defuse such tensions during the Cold War will
have to be overhauled or supplemented with other institutional arrangements.

Today, Japan is cited by Americans as their new Enemy Number One. France is
spoken of by a White House official in interagency meetings as "a strategic
adversary." Germany's muscular diplomacy in the Yugoslav crisis draws criticism
in Washington for undue "assertiveness."

The allies reciprocate with their own unease as they watch America debate how it
will organize what Secretary of State James Baker now calls "a new and better
world order."

Nowhere is that unease more apparent than in the European and Japanese response
to the Bush administration's approach to the former Soviet Union. Washington's
long periods of seeming inactivity end in frenzied haste to get something done
quickly -- to hold a humanitarian aid conference (in Washington, with Baker
presiding) or to announce a Group of Seven economic stabilization package (in
prime presidential campaign time). Many allied officials interpret this
seemingly chaotic behavior as a calculated U.S. effort to keep tight control on
allied policy toward Russia and keep others off balance.

"They might as well hang a sign outside that says 'Strategy session in progress.
Allies need not apply,' " a senior French official said to me in Paris recently.

American officials alternate between denying that these tensions exist and
explaining that they have always existed. Trade friction or burden sharing, they
assert, have been overshadowed in the past by the common need to confront the
Soviet threat.

But on recent trips to Europe and Japan, I found a new texture and depth to the
concern abroad over America's intention to maintain its once unchallenged
leadership.

Headlines, both overseas and in America, are devoted to unseemly spitting
matches, like the exchange between Washington and Bonn last week on German
interest rates, or American unhappiness with Japan's "checkbook diplomacy" in
Operation Desert Storm. But the serious problems have little to do with
momentary mishandling of issues by Washington, Tokyo, Paris or Bonn. They are
not susceptible to quick fixes by allied summitry and a soothing exchange of
messages.

For more than four decades, America has practiced alliance management through
the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the U.S.-Japan security treaty, with
ad hoc use of the Group of Seven, the United Nations and a few other
international institutions.

Washington professes a new commitment to "collective engagement" and promises to
lighten up on the management controls. But increasingly, allied officials
question whether U.S. policymakers have yet understood how radical a shift is
needed in organizing a more cooperative structure to pursue common goals and
contain common tensions.

"Trade frictions are here to stay," one of the most senior political leaders of
the Japanese government told me in Tokyo a few weeks ago as we discussed the $
43 billion trade surplus Japan ran with America last year and will repeat this
year. "Americans will have to learn to live with them, without a lot of drama
and resentment. So will we."

It is not just that the Cold War has ended. Of equal importance is the end of
the era of Western political leadership that was shaped by the experiences of
World War II.

Immersed in the Cold War and their own problems, Americans have devoted little
thought to the impact that the war of a half-centry ago has continued to have on
domestic politics and public attitudes in Europe and Asia. But what is happening
as that impact fades into history shows how strong it has been.

Right-wing extremists and racist politicians whose ideas had long been
discredited by the Nazi era scored significant gains in Germany, France and
Italy in regional and national elections in the past month. The presence of
large numbers of Arab, Turkish or African workers -- and the apprehension that
turmoil in North Africa and the Middle East will spur new waves of immigration
into Western Europe -- have quickly replaced the Soviet menace as the source of
fear and anxiety in Germany, Italy and France.

Voters permitted themselves the luxury of voting for ecological and other
protest parties in the elections. The Cold War bonus that parties like the
Christian Democrats in Italy or in Germany could expect to receive as the group
best able to support U.S. policies and to fight communism at home appears to be
eroding rapidly as other concerns come to dominate voters' agenda.

This will gradually reshape the political ties between America and the other
industrial democracies. So will the passing of what I think of as the Spam
Generation of allied leaders, men shaped by the war.

American visitors who have listened to Japanese Prime Minister Kiichi Miyazawa
or German Chancellor Helmut Kohl discuss America have probably heard the same
anecdotes and sentiments from two men who speak with evident sincerity about the
"generosity" of America in helping rebuild their countries.

They both experienced the war and American occupation. They saw GIs distributing
cans of Spam and other food. They personally recall the purposeful opening up of
American markets to Japanese and German manufactured goods as a way of
rebuilding those war-devastated economies.

Miyazawa, Kohl and others of their generation equate a long-term American
military presence with stability and prosperity in their region. German and
Japanese politicians over 60 are careful how they say it in public, but many see
the American presence as helpful in containing the militaristic impulses that
led their countries to disaster in World War II.

Japan, Miyazawa is quick to tell visitors, will never be a military power again,
never commit the same mistakes. By keeping a military presence in Asia, America
reassures Japan's neighbors, he suggests.

Germans of a certain age also portray an American military presence in Europe as
having an important sedative effect on the continent's historic rivalries.
Germany's neighbors need not fear that Germans will turn from making Mercedes to
making war as long as the Americans are around.

American and European defense specialists meeting in Munich recently endorsed
this view of American troops as a security blanket protecting Europeans and
Asians not from Russians but from themselves.

But the experts seemed stumped when asked how governments would sell this view
as a basis for long-term American military presence abroad to younger
generations of Japanese, Germans and Americans who have been taught that a
half-century of democracy and free enterprise have transformed the former Axis
countries into stable, non-belligerent societies. This was the basis for the
Bush administration's enthusiastic support for German unification. Younger
politicians show little interest in the themes of virtuous America protecting
potentially evil Germany or Japan from themselves.

Ichiro Ozawa, who is 50, smiled broadly when I asked him about the differences
between the way his generation and that of Miyazawa, who is 71, view the
Japanese-American relationship. Ozawa, former secretary general of the ruling
Liberal Democratic party, is widely regarded not only as a future prime minister
but as one who will bring significant change to the way leadership is exercised
in Japan.

Ozawa has been a key figure in the LDP's effort to get the Diet to authorize
participation by Japanese troops in U.N. peace-keeping operations abroad. He
pushed for a tax to finance Japan's $ 13 billion contribution to Operation
Desert Storm so "the people would feel the effect of Japanese involvement." He
finds it totally unnecessary to reassure an American visitor that Japan will
never return to militarism, a view he takes for granted.

"There are generational differences," Ozawa said. "They are people who have
believed that the way Japanese-U.S. policies have evolved is in fact for the
best and will continue in that way . . . . Japan has come this far without
bearing the cost for its own security. Even discussing that has been taboo. The
idea was that we should just pursue economic goals and the Americans will
continue to be a good big brother taking care of us."

Ozawa's generation perceives the relationship differently. "We think things are
changing. We will have to put a lot of effort into taking over that part of the
burden that should have been ours all along, in a cooperative structure.
America's role will not be the same, and neither will Japan's. We must change so
that the relationship can remain the same," he said.

As inter-alliance tension subsides over security issues -- for example,
Washington is no longer pushing Tokyo to exceed its self-imposed ceiling on
defense spending -- tension is increasing exponentially on economic issues.

Americans have largely forgotten that the unhindered access Japanese and German
goods enjoyed into the American market was not an accident or the result of
unlevel playing fields constructed by crafty foreigners. It was a result not
only of consensual trade, but a matter of Cold War policy to rebuild the
vanquished nations as counterweights against the Soviet Union and China.

"The alliance . . . was built upon two inseperable pillars," writes Toyoo
Gyohten, one of the chief architects of Japan's post-war financial policies, in
a forthcoming book entitled "Changing Fortunes." "One was Japan's acceptance of
U.S. leadership in global affairs. The other was U.S. acquiesence to Japan's
free entry to the world market, and that included the U.S. market."

The alliance "worked beautifully," Gyohten continues, until the factors that
called it into existence changed radically. Now, "Japan wants to retain its
economic free hand while becoming increasingly reluctant to remain as a
political subordinate. The United States wants to remain the world's warden, but
does not want to allow Japan to continue its economic onslaught. The United
States and Japan each want to maintain the one pillar that suits its own
interest but remove the other because it has gotten in the way."

Much the same can be said for the American-European relationship. American
support for European unity seemed like a good idea until the Germans and French
came up with military arrangements that present problems for NATO, and until the
European Community got its act together on trade a little too effectively.

The final decade of the 20th century marks the moment when America can no longer
expect or command gratitude and compensation for all it has done for Japan,
Germany and its other allies in the past. Nor can those countries expect America
to continue the same measure of self-interested generosity, especially in market
access.

Instead Washington and its allies must look beyond the era of alliance
management to a more equal relationship based in common interests instead of
common fear.

Jim Hoagland is associate editor and chief foreign correspondent for The
Washington Post.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: ANALYSIS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

WISPOLITICS.COM STOCK REPORT

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 691 words


RISING

Tom Barrett: All eyes were on the Milwaukee mayor to see what kind of
fundraising numbers he'd deliver, and insiders generally give him props for
pulling in more than $750,000 in 47 days. That pushes his war chest to about
$1.5 million, thanks in part to the money he already had in his mayoral account.
Barrett's numbers are expected to trail those of his chief rival, Milwaukee Co.
Executive Scott Walker, who sources indicate will likely report at least $2
million cash on hand when his numbers are released.

John Scocos: The former Veterans Affairs secretary is fighting in court to
overturn his firing, and some insiders believe his cause could get a boost from
e-mails that show one of the agency board members was in contact with the guv's
office leading up to the dismissal. The Dem guv has insisted the board, stacked
with his appointees, acted on its own and that he wasn't involved in the
decision to dump the lone Republican agency head. Doyle critics aren't buying
that and seized on the e-mails to suggest manipulation.

MIXED

Mark Neumann: His GOP guv campaign shows signs of life. But insiders want to see
dollar signs before they improve his odds of giving Scott Walker a good run for
the Republican nomination. The former congressman, never part of the political
mainstream, releases a reform plan that calls for term limits and direct
referendums, while pledging he'd only serve two terms if elected guv. Insiders
generally shrug off the moves, but they perk up at the news that his campaign
plans to release his fundraising numbers. As much as some Republicans have tried
to marginalize Neumann, some election-watchers still believe he could be a real
threat - if he's willing to put in enough money and taps into the "tea bag"
movement.

Louis Butler: Conservatives cheered when the former state Supreme Court
justice's federal judgeship nomination was returned at year's end to the White
House. But that looks like only a temporary setback with reports out of D.C.
that the White House plans to send the nomination back to the Senate. The Senate
was forced to return the nomination because the chamber failed to act upon it
and Republicans objected to allowing it to carry over as a sign of their
opposition to the appointment.

State retirees: The state's two trust funds for the Wisconsin Retirement System
posted large gains in 2009. But things were so bad in 2008 that some retirees
are still going to see a cut in their annuity. The smaller Variable Fund annuity
is expected to increase between 25 percent and 30 percent, but the Core Fund
annuity is expected to drop 1 percent, thanks to a carryover effect from 2008.

FALLING

MPS governance change: Insiders have seen little hope for legislation to grant
the Milwaukee mayor the power to appoint the city's schools superintendent and
set the district's tax levy. And a public hearing on the bill in Milwaukee does
little to sway them. Even members of the Senate Education Committee seem
resigned to an impasse on the issue, though Chair Sen. John Lehman says he wants
to get something done to address the city's failing schools. He's just not sure
what will pass or if there's enough time to get something done, noting
controversial proposals like this have a history of dying on the election-year
vine in the Wisconsin Legislature. Still, some Milwaukee lawmakers, the guv's
people and other education interests have been meeting privately in an effort to
hammer out a compromise, sources say.

"Impartial justice" law: Reformers hailed the legislation to publicly fund
Supreme Court campaigns as a boon for clean elections. But two lawsuits have now
been filed that claim it's a blow for free speech. Wisconsin Right to Life's
political action committee and one-time conservative Supreme Court candidate
Randy Koschnick filed separate suits challenging the bill on various counts.
While reformers lament the attacks, backers now need to keep their fingers
crossed that judges will uphold the new system, which offers public financing
for candidates who qualify and promises them additional money if outspent by
opponents who don't partake in the system and third-party groups.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            November 16, 2012 Friday

EI protest movements are legitimate causes

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1364 words


Mr. Bernard Valcourt and Mr. Robert Goguen, your recent comments stating that
Mr. Yvon Godin and the NDP of Canada are conducting a campaign of terror on your
government's changes to the Employment Insurance are absurd and unacceptable.

The numerous protest movements that are taking place throughout eastern Canada
are emerging directly from the communities. These movements are being formed in
an instinctive, apolitical and perfectly legitimate manner. These people are
brave factory, tourism, forestry, agriculture and construction workers screaming
for help.

Here, in northern New Brunswick, the Employment Insurance Action Committee, on
which I sit, plans and implements the strategies in regards to the marches of
protest. Since we have no core funding to help us achieve our goals, we are open
to any resources that are legally provided to us. But the very nature of our
movement remains purely communal.

A variety of people are invited to speak at our events, some of whom are local
MPs and MLAs, union representatives, members of the committee and workers. Mr.
Godin has spent the last 25 years of his life to defend workers' interests.
Everyone agrees that Mr. Godin's messages are heartfelt.

Mr. Valcourt, why don't you come explain yourself in person at our next march
which will take place on Nov. 18 in Tracadie-sheila? As it was the case for the
other events, you are duly invited.

Mr. Goguen and Mr. Valcourt, I find it tragic that you are trying to discredit
the relevance of these movements of helpless people who need to communicate
their dismay.

Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to wish you a Merry Christmas.
When you are putting up a fir wreath on the door of your homes, please have the
courtesy to have a sincere thought for the workers who made them.

GUY LANTEIGNE

St. Saveur

Report needs more exposure

In his latest op-ed, climate Cassandra Gwynne Dyer used President Obama's
re-election to re-affirm Al Gore's global warming doctrine.

Scared stiff by the devastation in New York and New Jersey caused by Hurricane
Sandy, Dyer asserts that this disastrous weather event could shake the American
public's denial of global warming, and explain the re-election of a president
who knows that "the biggest problem facing every country is climate change . . .
and average global temperature [that] will topple into uncontrollable, runaway
warming."

Dyer seems to deliberately ignore the latest authoritative report from the U.K.
Met Office this month that the world stopped getting warmer almost 16 years ago
- and it has the charts to prove it.

The latest data reveal that from the beginning of 1997 until August 2012 there
was no discernible rise in aggregate global temperatures. The Met Office is the
agency from which the much vaunted International Panel on Climate Change gets
the information to produce its periodic reports.

This latest report indicates persuasively that the pause in global warming has
now lasted for about the same time as the previous period when temperatures rose
- 1980 to 1996.

A public not keeping careful pace with global warming reporting would have been
unaware of this important breaking news issued quietly on the internet, without
any media fanfare - unlike six months ago when figures showed a slight warming
trend.

Why has the media kept silent on this new revelation and Dyer not mentioned this
report?

THADDÉE RENAULT

Fredericton

When people had manners

I remember going to St. Pius Church and if you were five minutes late you stood
throughout the whole mass.

Now the church is half empty and the majority of people are 55 and up. The jails
that were half empty are now full.

I remember when you would see a woman get on the bus and immediately offer her
your seat, and stand for the ride. We believed in God and we had manners. Now we
are the old guys - the baby-boomers.

About four years ago I could buy a head of lettuce for 69 cents. Now it is
$2.99. Bread is over $3 a loaf. Families had Sunday dinner after they all went
to church. We all had jobs and no one we knew was on welfare.

Now you are seeing a second or third generation on what they now call "social
assistance."

This is not New York City, but take a look at the rents in the paper. Quite a
few are in the $1,000 range.

How in God's name is a family expected to survive paying through the nose for
outrageous rents and over-priced groceries? Yet our prime minister has his
armour-plated car shipped to India while the rest of us freeze in sub-standard
housing and cut back on food and medicine.

Do I sound like an angry tenant? On the contrary, I am a landlord and am all for
rent controls, so people having a hard time can at least know their rent isn't
going up every year.

What happened to the wonderful world that I grew up in? Manners and respect are
gone. No one gives a hoot about someone struggling to get by.

Lord God in heaven please answer my prayers and help those less fortunate than
I.

TERRY PARKER

Saint John

Medicare: A Canadian idea

Kim Campbell, former prime minister of Canada, has often been asked by her
American students why Canada does not simply ask for statehood. "Americans and
Canadians are just the same," they say, "Professor Campbell, what are the
differences anyway?"

She would reply that the differences are many and they are growing. When pressed
to name one difference, she told one group that, "You have guns, Canadians have
Medicare."

Our citizens grasp universal health care to their bosoms tighter and tighter as
the winds from the right wing blow hard against it. Canadians know the
motivation behind the gale and only harden their resolve because we know the
answer to the biblical question, "Am I my brother's keeper?"

This year marks the sixtieth anniversary of the birth of universal health care
in Saskatchewan. It was quickly rolled out across the country and became a
federal program thereafter.

Medicare was a purely Canadian invention by a government led by a man who our
people chose as greatest Canadian in a recent country-wide survey. Why no
birthday party, with balloons and continuous TV ads?

I believe we all know the answer if we think about it for a moment. Perhaps on
the hundredth anniversary, it will be celebrated as it should.

No amount of attacks led by our very rich "think tanks" will separate us from
this bastion of our identity.

As my spouse and I travel in the United States we explain that universal health
care is not, "communist," but rather very Christian! We suggest they check out
Matthew 25 verse 36 for themselves! "Why has this never been explained to us by
our governments?" they ask.

Why, indeed?

GEORGE MILLS

Rothesay

Don't further marginalize women

Councilor Susan Fullerton wants to incorporate a law that would penalize sex
trade workers in the city. Let us examine the issue of prostitution.

The first idea we must look at is the economics of the situation - supply and
demand.

If there were no men who were interested in buying sex, there would not be a
"sex trade" to begin with. Why then, are women singled out and punished,
stigmatized and looked down upon, and not the men who drive the industry? Why
are the men not penalized?

Arresting a sex trade worker will not prevent prostitution. This approach only
serves to move the sex trade from one area of a city to another, less policed
area. This greatly increases risk of danger to these women

By arresting and sending these women to jail, we are only further failing them,
the most vulnerable in our society.

Instead of having the issue addressed in 30 days, as is Coun. Fullerton's
request, perhaps we should be brainstorming ways to help women who are working
in the sex trade instead of punishing and condemning them.

If there were accessible programs, affordable housing alternatives, a livable
social assistance rate, educational options and job training (as well as actual
employment) these women would most certainly choose this as opposed to working
the streets.

We should be looking for alternatives to incarceration, which only serves to
victimize, marginalize and punish women who are already not in the best of
circumstances.

As Ghandi said: "A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest
members."

ELAINE McLAUGHLIN

Saint John

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 7, 2012 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

Penn St. saga no place for NCAA ;
COLLEGES;
SCANDAL NOT IN THE GOVERNING BODY'S REALM

BYLINE: Berry Tramel

SECTION: SPORTS; Berry Tramel; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 620 words


We've had the initial, harrowing reports that something was amiss in
not-so-Happy Valley.

We've had Joe Paterno, the most iconic of American sporting heroes, defrocked
and die.

We've had goober students chanting "We are, Penn State!", not realizing the lost
honor of their university.

We've even had Jerry Sandusky convicted of the vilest acts imaginable.

And still the hits keep coming on just how wretched is the Penn State scandal.
To the point where some call for the NCAA to get involved, slap the Nittany
Lions with lack of institutional control and put Penn State on probation.

The latest atrocity: emails that show Paterno swayed Penn State officials,
including athletic Tim Curley, vice president Gary Schultz and president Graham
Spanier, from turning the Sandusky investigation over to police.

I'm all for anything that brings Penn State to justice. All for anything that
forever slays the myth of the idyllic Nittany existence.

But not NCAA involvement.

NCAA probation trivializes Sandusky's crimes. Marginalizes Sandusky's victims.
Mocks Penn State's shame.

What happened at Penn State was not lack of institutional control. What happened
at Penn State was absolute institutional control.

NCAA probation is what the Southwest Conference schools deserved for all their
rogue-booster violations. What OU and OSU deserved when they ran afoul of NCAA
rules. What Southern Cal and Miami and North Carolina and Ohio State and
Kentucky deserve for putting winning above integrity.

NCAA probation is not the answer for heinous crimes and ruined lives.

And frankly, that's not the NCAA's responsibility. The NCAA is up to its
eyeballs in enforcement. Cleaning the streets is a full-time job. NCAA rules
exist to keep a level playing field. To maintain competition as healthy as it
can be.

Now we want the NCAA to be the moral police, too? We want the NCAA to judge the
content of someone's character, when it has nothing to do with Penn State's
ability to beat Purdue?

I know, you can draw a dotted line that Paterno's exalted status helped the
Nittany Lions recruit and maintain a certain standard of football. But to
quantify it? I don't think so.

In the same way, it's absurd when state legislatures want to make NCAA rules
black-letter law. Elected leaders should have enough to worry about without
trying to do the NCAA's job.

Just as the NCAA has plenty to do without doing the state's job.

The university of Paterno, Curley, Schultz and Spanier doesn't need to be on
probation. Curley, Schultz and Spanier need to be in jail, for obstruction of
justice or conspiracy to commit rape or whatever Centre County officials can
make stick.

Now, if Penn State itself wants to show a little humanitarianism and
self-punish, great. Penn State largely cleaned house, which was much needed, but
couldn't even bring itself to stay home from the TicketCity Bowl, when the
football program needed to take a deep breath and put away the shoulder pads for
many months.

But that lack of wisdom doesn't mean the NCAA should step in.

We do too much of that in society. Ask too much of organizations already
stretched to the max.

Asking the NCAA to get involved in criminal cases is like asking our schools to
not only educate kids, but to solve the many social ills that burden homes.
Asking the NCAA to help prevent another Penn State is like asking the Department
of Human Services to solve unsolvable problems.

NCAA probation can't heal dark souls. And it shouldn't try.

Berry Tramel: Berry can be reached at (405) 760-8080 or at  btramel@opubco.com
He can be heard Monday through Friday from 4:40-5:20 p.m. on The Sports Animal
radio network, including FM-98.1. You can also view his personality page at
newsok.com/berrytramel.


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMENTARY

GRAPHIC: The late Penn State football coach Joe Paterno and other school
officials may have been more involved than previously disclosed in the cover up
of Jerry Sandusky's misdeeds. But that doesn't mean the NCAA should get
involved. AP PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 2, 2013 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

RETURN WINDOw IS CLOSING;
NFL rules changes have largely taken away the thrill of kickoff returns

BYLINE: Tim Graham News Sports Reporter

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 2475 words


The kick returner stands alone in his end zone, the last man back. If he
completes his mission, then he will be the first to cross the other goal line,
more than 100 yards away.

Running backs, receivers and quarterbacks can't go farther than 99 yards on a
given snap. The kick returner is the only player who's a marked man before the
play starts, yet can run the true length of the field for a touchdown.

"To go a hundred yards? Holy cats!" said Abe Woodson, who retired in 1966 as the
NFL's kickoff return leader and still ranks fourth in average. "That's doing
something."

When the ball is teed up, all 11 defenders know who must be stopped. All 10 of
his blockers need to make enough space for him to cut, dodge, slither and sprint
until - if everything breaks just so - he has left 21 players

in his vapor trail.

"You feel like you've conquered everybody on that field," said Mel Gray, the
NFL's leader in return yards and touchdowns when he retired in 1997.

"You just destroyed them. It's a high that you can't get from anything else."

Fans and players have been chasing that high all season. Fixes are in
distressingly short supply.

Kickoff returns have faded into near-irrelevancy around the NFL, and they've
become downright moot for the Buffalo Bills.

The NFL, citing safety concerns amid a crush of lawsuits over head injuries, has
passed rules in recent years to marginalize kickoffs and limit collisions. So
touchbacks have spiked; returns have waned.

"It's the most exciting aspect of the game," Brian Mitchell, the reigning
return-yardage king, said from Washington D.C. "You look at somebody like a
Devin Hester or Desmond Howard in the Super Bowl. I don't know how you can want
to take that out of the game."

Fans anticipated what Marquise Goodwin and Leodis McKelvin would do on returns
this year. But the Bills are about to obliterate club records for kick-return
inadequacy - even if you want to include the nine-game strike season of 1982.

If not for this afternoon's opponent in Toronto, the Bills would be on pace for
the NFL's fewest kickoff returns since the schedule increased to 12 games in
1947 and its fewest kickoff return yards in half a century.

The Atlanta Falcons rank last in kickoff returns and yards. The Bills are right
there with them.

Return men are struggling to break open across the league. Through 179 games,
three touchdowns have been scored on kickoffs, a pace that would produce the
fewest in 20 years.

"It's unbelievable," Gray said from his home in Houston. "There are great
players that come from great colleges. You figure they have the talent on every
team to take one back at some point throughout the year. And I know how eager
the majority of players would love to take one back.

"But only three so far this year? I'm surprised there haven't been a lot more."

Returns and allowances

For the record, punt returns around the NFL haven't changed much. There have
been 10 punt returns for touchdowns, a pace of 14.5 for the year. The NFL
averaged 19.0 touchdowns the past two seasons but 13.3 touchdowns the six
seasons before that.

The Bills, however, have been far from dangerous here. They rank 27th with an
average punt return of 7.0 yards.

The Bills have averaged double-digit yardage eight of the past nine seasons and
10 of the past 15 with standouts Roscoe Parrish, Nate Clements and McKelvin.

Their longest punt return this year has been 25 yards. An illegal block wiped
out an 83-yard McKelvin touchdown against the Kansas City Chiefs three games
ago.

Kickoff returns have been more frustrating for the Bills.

Expectations were high entering the season. Goodwin dazzled in the exhibition
opener with a 107-yard touchdown and another 53-yard kickoff return against the
Indianapolis Colts.

Buffalo's best kickoff return in the regular season has been 26 yards, the
league's skimpiest long return. Goodwin is averaging 23.4 yards.

"It's unfortunate," Goodwin said. "Returning kicks is something I like to do. We
have fewer opportunities based on the rules, but hopefully we can capitalize on
the opportunities we do get."

The Bills have returned 14 kickoffs for 292 yards.

They're on pace for 20 kickoff returns. The club record for fewest is 36 during
the '82 strike season. Their worst total for a full season is 37 two years ago.

"People have not given us the opportunity to return the ball," Bills coach Doug
Marrone said. "People have been kicking it out of the end zone and deep."

Two clubs somehow have gotten fewer chances. The Falcons have returned 11
kickoffs this year for 267 yards, while the Cardinals have tried 13 for 275
yards.

The Falcons are on track for fewest kickoff returns in NFL history. Otherwise,
the Bills and Cardinals are on pace for the fewest since the 1944 New York
Giants lowered the limbo bar to 17. Those Giants played 10 regular-season games
and didn't let their opponents tee it up often, allowing 75 points and posting
five shutouts.

The Bills are on pace for 425 kickoff return yards, a total that has been
surpassed by 1,576 individuals in NFL history. Only three teams have done worse:
the 1940 Giants with 282 yards, the 1940 Green Bay Packers with 381 yards and
1963 Chicago Bears with 424 yards.

Buffalo's record for fewest kickoff yards is 746, set in 1993.

"We haven't been getting a lot of action on kickoffs," McKelvin said. "But it's
going to happen soon. That's how I feel."

The system isn't set up to accommodate kickoff returns anymore. Marrone,
McKelvin and Goodwin each bemoaned how often opponents use directional kicks
when not blasting the ball out of the end zone.

This is the third season since the NFL moved kickoffs from the 30-yard line to
the 35-yard line and the fifth season since it eliminated three-, four- and
five-man wedge blocks.

Results have been striking.

About 8 to 9 percent of kickoffs resulted in touchbacks from 2000 through 2005.
Then the number began to climb steadily. By 2010, touchbacks occurred 16.4
percent of the time, the highest rate since the NFL moved kickoffs back to the
30-yard line in 1994.

Besieged by concussion litigation, the NFL wanted to further suppress the
potential for injuries on a play when teams barrel directly toward each other at
full speed. Bills wedge-buster Kevin Everett broke his neck while covering a
kickoff on opening day, 2008.

With the ball 5 yards closer to the opponent's end zone, the touchback
percentage soared to 43.5 percent in 2011 and 44.1 percent last year.

Through 12 weeks this season, touchbacks happened on 53 percent of kickoffs.

Kickoff conspiracy?

Mitchell is disgusted with what the NFL is doing to his former occupation.

He rewrote the NFL's kick-return record books in his 14 seasons. Nobody has
fielded more returns. He amassed more than 1,000 yards on kick returns nine
times. He ranks second in all-purpose yards, 230 behind Jerry Rice.

Mitchell would rather hold onto those records legitimately rather than have
rules erase would-be challengers.

He asserted special teams are being used as scapegoats for safety.

NFL Commissioner "Roger Goodell and the people in the league have thrown more
smoke screens out there to make fans think they're doing stuff to prevent head
injuries, and they haven't done a damn thing," Mitchell said.

"Legal hits are being fined these days. Fans say, 'The game is being cleaned
up.' No, they're making you think that they're doing more just by fining because
the guys get fined, they appeal and a lot of times they win their appeals, which
you don't hear about as much.

"I think it's a bunch of B.S. what they're doing. Every year, concussions have
gone up."

As part of its report on NFL head injuries, the PBS series "Frontline" created a
concussion database from official injury reports dating to 2009, when there were
92 reported concussions. There were 129 concussions in 2010, 142 in 2011 and 171
last year.

There have been 88 reported concussions this year, a pace of 125, the first
annual decline if the trend holds up.

Mitchell told The News he sees clues of a conspiracy to induce more touchbacks.
He suggested the NFL is fiddling with the K-balls that are used only for kicks
and punts.

K-balls were introduced in 1999 because players and equipment managers were
manipulating game balls - tumbling them in a clothes dryer, pounding them with
dumbbells, soaking them in hot water - to make them easier to kick.

To halt shenanigans, the NFL had 12 K-balls shipped directly from Wilson
Sporting Goods to each officiating crew. The box is sealed with tamper-proof
tape and popped open two hours before the game. K-balls never are to be
unsupervised.

Once implemented, kickers and punters complained. The K-balls were too waxy and
stiff, didn't travel as far and permitted juicier return opportunities.
Thrilling returns were what the NFL desired at the time.

Twenty years later, is the shoe on the other foot? Mitchell claimed the K-balls
could be altered at the factory at the league's whim.

"There are guys that couldn't kick the ball in the end zone when they were
kicking from the 30," Mitchell said. "Now they're at the 35 and kicking it out
of the end zone. Is it leg strength, or are the footballs doctored up now?"

Touchback percentages not only skyrocketed in 2011 compared to the previous
season, but also compared to the last time the NFL kicked off from the 35-yard
line.

In 1993, the touchback percentage was a relatively modest 26.5 percent from the
35-yard line. That also was the last season the NFL allowed 3-inch kicking tees.
Tees now are an inch high to reduce hang time.

So in 20 years, kickers are blasting the ball farther and more consistently off
a shorter tee.

"What is the league doing?" Mitchell said. "I know these kickers ain't got that
strong that quick. It doesn't add up. It does seem like they're trying to take
kickoffs out of the game, doesn't it?"

In response to Mitchell's allegation, two NFL spokesmen emphasized K-balls were
tamper-proof and "introduced specifically to prevent tampering."

Informed of the league's reply, Mitchell texted: "LOL."

Quick feet, quick brain

Even when the ball doesn't sail out of the end zone, kickoffs from the 35-yard
line put stress on a return man.

Special-teams coordinators use analytics that show for every yard deeper in the
end zone a kickoff is fielded, the chances of returning it to the 20-yard line
drop precipitously.

Anything beyond 4 yards deep in the end zone, the safe decision usually is to
kneel down and grant the offense a comfortable start at the 20-yard line. Plus,
keeping peace always is nice. Each yard closer to the end zone an offense begins
its drive further stokes the head coach and the quarterback's ire.

As such, teams are keeping the ball in the end zone and not taking the chance.

When return men, perhaps bored from constantly kneeling down or watching balls
fly over their heads, do run the ball out of the end zone, a geometric problem
is created. The coverage unit is charging from 5 yards closer than it was three
years ago.

Let's say the team has called for a return up the right sideline. Previously, a
return man could have the option to break back against the flow of the coverage
and hit the soft, wide corner on the opposite side.

Now there's too much penetration. By the time the return man can make a move,
the coverage unit already has stormed inside the 20-yard line and made a mess of
things.

All of this takes place without wedge blocks that many return men relied upon
prior to 2009.

Mitchell didn't like the wedge. He preferred one lead blocker 5 yards in front
of him and two more blockers 10 yards ahead to better scan the field.

Woodson wanted the wedge every time.

"That's the best thing that could happen when you got the wedge block, man,"
Woodson, 79, said from his home in Las Vegas.

Woodson was a five-time Pro Bowler for the San Francisco 49ers. He returned
three kickoffs for touchdowns in 1963 and ranks fourth all time with a 28.7-yard
average.

"The wedge makes a big difference," Woodson said. "Without it, you're on your
own. I'd have been in a world of trouble."

The wedge wasn't merely for protection.

The 5-foot-9 Gray would hide behind his wedge and wait as long as he could for
the gunners to get drawn in, all the while intending to zip away from the play.

"The wedge can suck them in, fool them," said Gray, who played 12 seasons, most
notably for the Detroit Lions. "Then the returner will use his ability to scan
the field and find openings. Then you can bounce it outside, right or left.

"You don't have as much time now. You have to make up your mind 5 yards sooner."

Going, going gone?

The NFL's competition committee has debated the value of kickoffs and whether
they should be scrapped.

Committee member John Mara, the influential Giants owner, has said he "could see
the day in the future where that play could be taken out of the game."

McKelvin was incredulous when that idea was broached to him last week in the
Bills' locker room.

"What are they going to do," McKelvin said, "just put the ball on the 20 and
start the game? That wouldn't even feel right. I don't know if that's the kind
of football I want to be playing."

Last year, Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach Greg Schiano made a radical proposal to
eliminate kickoffs.

Schiano, the coach at Rutgers when Eric LeGrand fractured two vertebrae while
covering a kickoff in 2010, advocated replacing kickoffs with a choice: starting
with a fourth-and-15 play from a team's own 30-yard line or punting away from
that spot.

The NFL announced in July kickoffs won't happen in the Pro Bowl anymore. The
ball will be placed at the 25-yard line at the start of each half and after
scoring plays.

Gray sees an irony in that modification. He viewed the feat of turning a kick
into a touchdown a higher honor than going to the Pro Bowl. Gray was voted to
four of them.

"To me," Gray said, "it's like winning Player of the Year. It was something you
could brag on for years if you took one back.

"You may not do anything else, but if you return a kickoff or a punt for a
touchdown, that would solidify your career until they put you under."

Detroit running back Barry Sanders, incandescent as any player you could
imagine, frequently would remind Gray how important a big kickoff return was for
igniting the Silverdome or setting a tone on the road.

Sanders fed off the energy as much as the fans did.

Gray was agitated by the fact there have been three kickoff return TDs all year.
The rules have made it tougher for return men to get a chance to begin with. And
when they do get on, they're more reluctant to give it a shot.

To think we might see zero touchdowns in the near future was far more
unsettling.

"That would be sad," Gray said, "because it would take a lot of fun out of the
game."

email: tgraham@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 14, 2005 Wednesday

Two plaintiffs in lawsuit against city leave center

BYLINE: By Theresa Harrington; CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: WEEKLIES; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: WALNUT CREEK


Two employees at the Dean Lesher Regional Center embroiled in a lawsuit against
the city have resigned amid allegations by their attorney that general manager
Scott Denison made their work environment unbearable.

Dennis Lickteig, community arts coordinator, resigned Sept. 2, and Susan Bell
senior ticket office clerk, submitted her resignation Thursday. Two other
plaintiffs have previously resigned for similar reasons.

The resignations come nearly a year after Bell, Lickteig and four other
employees filed a lawsuit against the city, Denison and Gary Pokorny, director
of arts, recreation and community services.

"The city should have well appreciated that by leaving Mr. Denison in charge of
these folks that he would continue to marginalize, isolate and denigrate them --
which he has -- to the point that neither one of them could tolerate it anymore
and so they have left the city," said attorney Stan Casper, who represents all
six plaintiffs in the lawsuit.

The lawsuit, set for trial March 13 in federal court, alleges that Denison
harassed and retaliated against the employees after they blew the whistle about
possible mismanagement at the center. The city has denied the lawsuit's
allegations but reprimanded Denison last year after a forensic accountant found
indications of fraud, waste and abuse at the center.

Following an investigation by the District Attorney's office, Denison pleaded no
contest to a misdemeanor conflict of interest charge related to contracts he
signed involving family members. Denison had no comment Tuesday about the
employee's allegations or resignations.

City attorney Tom Haas declined to discuss the lawsuit.

Pokorny said Lickteig has not directly reported to Denison since last November,
when administrative analyst Jan Daniels stepped in as his supervisor.

Bell reported to Lickteig, along with plaintiff Marie Didier, who continues to
work as a ticket clerk. Office specialist Denise Noack, who formerly reported to
Denison, has worked under Daniels since November.

Plaintiffs Daniel Carter and Lindsey Murray resigned last year, also claiming
Denison made their work environments intolerable. Carter was a ticket office
clerk and Murray a marketing director for the Center Repertory Company.

Due to budget cutbacks and some reorganization within the arts department,
Pokorny said he was unsure whether positions held by Carter and Murray were
filled. The city has not yet replaced Lickteig or made plans to replace Bell, he
said.

Five of the plaintiffs allege that Pokorny and the city failed to protect them
after they raised concerns about Denison's management practices in the fall of
2003. Lickteig alleges the city failed to protect him after he stood up for the
other five.

Settlement talks have been unsuccessful, Casper said.

City Manager Mike Parness said the city did its best to follow up on the
employees' concerns and to rectify problems. The city implemented a stronger
financial accounting system and hired an assistant director of arts, recreation
and community services, who spends half of his time overseeing the arts
division.

"I think we've made the effort to try to improve relations," Parness said
Tuesday. "On the other hand, I'm not surprised that people who are suing us have
left. I think the fact they've stayed as long as they have is a bit surprising."

Theresa Harrington covers the Walnut Creek area. Reach her at 925-945-4764 or
tharrington@cctimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        MARCH 28, 1999 Sunday D EDITION
                              Correction Appended

WELL-HEELED FEW DRIVE MAYOR'S RACE

BYLINE: Robert Zausner and Neill A. Borowski, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1647 words


Twenty people.

That was all it took for Democratic mayoral candidate Marty Weinberg to raise
more money than most of his opponents collected from all their donors.

Twenty people, mostly lawyers and heads of companies, contributed $866,000 that
helped put Weinberg way ahead in the race for money - and helped him get his
face on TV early and often.

The six other major candidates also have their share of heavy hitters, just a
smaller share. One of Democrat Happy Fernandez's donors gave her $100,000.
Republican Sam Katz had two such contributors.

Fund-raising by this year's mayoral contenders is breaking ground in more ways
than one. Not only are they raising more money than in any previous Philadelphia
campaign, they are raising it in bigger chunks, relying more than ever on large
donations from the well-heeled.

Critics say this is unhealthy because it marginalizes the modest donations of
ordinary citizens - raised at ward meetings, "beef and beer" parties or potluck
dinners.

The influx of big money, proponents of campaign-finance reform say, puts wealthy
donors in the driver's seat - or at least creates the perception that they are
steering the election. And it makes the little guy feel, well, little.

"These large donations inhibit the participation of average citizens, because
they don't feel they have the same impact as the large donors do," says Barbara
Dietrich, president of the Philadelphia League of Women Voters.

Weinberg, chairman of a Center City law firm, collected more than $1.2 million -
nearly half the money he has reported raising - from lawyers and people whose
occupations were listed as "president," "CEO" or "chairman."

That's more than the other candidates raised from all their donors.

The rise in the importance of big donors can be judged by looking at Ed
Rendell's fund-raising in 1991, when he made his first successful run for mayor.
People who gave more than $10,000, adjusted for inflation, accounted for 36
percent of Rendell's funds.

Weinberg, a key adviser to former Mayor Frank L. Rizzo, and Katz, the lone
Republican in the contest, each drew more than half their money from donors who
gave more than $10,000 apiece, according to an Inquirer analysis.

Contributors who gave more than $2,500 accounted for at least half the money
raised by all the candidates - and 82 percent of Weinberg's money. Former City
Council President John F. Street got 63 percent of his funds from that bracket.

By contrast, donations of $50 or less were little more than pocket change,
accounting for not even 1 percent of the more than $7 million given to the
candidates.

The Inquirer analysis was based on reports filed Feb. 1 by the campaigns,
detailing their fund-raising in 1998. The next reports are due April 6.

Campaign spokesmen point to an upside of large contributions: They allow
candidates to spend less time on the phone dialing for dollars and more time on
the campaign trail shaking hands and talking issues.

The mayoral candidates say they would not be beholden to large contributors once
in office.

"Big donors would not influence him," said Bill Miller, Weinberg's campaign
spokesman.

Miller said Weinberg's financial supporters are largely friends, not people
looking for favors. "He has some very successful people who are friends and
believe in him and relate to him and are willing to put their money where their
mouth is."

Fernandez said that if elected, she would do no favors for her large
contributors, "and they know that. They know me."

"I think the way politics is usually played, there are people who give just to
buy access and influence," the former city councilwoman said, "but in my
campaign you'll see a very broad base of support of large and small donors who
are investing in my kind of leadership."

Fernandez, while reaping large contributions, also collected the most from small
donors last year - $16,084 from people who gave $50 or less each - though that
accounted for only 2 percent of her total contributions.

Who are these big givers?

Prominent lawyers and their firms. Heads of businesses in such fields as real
estate, insurance, banking and health care. And a few philanthropists.

Twenty people gave Weinberg $25,000 or more each, more than Fernandez and fellow
Democrats John White Jr. and Dwight Evans each raised from 1,000 or more
contributors.

Nine people gave Weinberg $50,000 or more, including developer Michael Karp of
Rosemont, CEO of University City Housing ($100,000); Eugene Feiner of
Philadelphia, a consultant with Acme Manufacturing ($90,000); William Howell, a
New York financier ($65,000); Daniel Berger, a Center City lawyer ($60,000); and
Arnold Katz of Haverford, owner of an insurance business ($50,150).

Sam Katz's campaign director, Bob Barnett, said it was only natural that Katz
would attract large donations. Katz, a financial consultant who has run for
mayor and governor before, raised $273,000 from donors identified on his
fund-raising report as "executives."

"Sam is a successful businessman. He's in a position to know people with money,"
Barnett said, adding: "If you're the type of person who can give $10,000, I'm
not going to ask you for $1,000."

Ric Bainter, director of the New Politics Program of the National Civics League,
said that though big contributions do not necessarily reflect a candidate's
level of support in a community, they often determine who can run and who can't.

"The money game is not a game of testing a candidate, [as in] how many people
believe in that candidate. It is a test of a candidate's ability to raise
money," he said.

Bainter said that large contributions, particularly those given early in an
election cycle, help create "campaigns not based necessarily on ideas but more
based on their connections to money. It's just not a democratic process."

Charles Bowser, who made history 24 years ago as the first African American to
run for mayor of Philadelphia in a general election, bemoaned the fact that
television ads - and the money it takes to buy them - have taken center stage.

When Bowser ran for mayor in 1975, volunteers raised money by selling chicken
dinners and holding cocktail parties.

"Nobody gave me $10,000," he said. "My biggest contribution may have been
$1,000, and I may have put that up myself."

Those campaigns were better, he said, because they brought the candidates and
their organizations closer to the electorate.

"When was the last time someone put a leaflet under your door?" asked Bowser, a
lawyer. "We used to parade down Broad Street with trucks. When's the last time
you heard sound trucks?"

Barnett said many of those who have given Katz money, including $100,000 donors
Sidney Kimmel, owner of Jones New York, and Dorrance Hamilton, the Campbell Soup
heiress, are not seeking favors from City Hall.

"What does Dorrance Hamilton or Sidney Kimmel want from Sam Katz? The answer is
they want him to go out and make a city that is vibrant and a good place to
live," said Barnett, adding that Kimmel, worth a reported $825 million, "doesn't
need anything from anyone."

Would major donors have greater access to a Mayor Katz than ordinary citizens
would?

"That's a tough question to answer," Barnett said. "If you're mayor, you talk to
the people it's most important to talk to on any given day. There's an awful lot
of John Q. Publics who've talked to Ed Rendell over the years."

In recent years, there has been a nationwide movement among cities and counties
to limit contributions in local campaigns. Sixty-four cities and counties have
such limits, including New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Jose and San
Francisco.

Pennsylvania is one of 15 states with no limits on donations from individuals or
political action committees.

In 1997, Philadelphia City Councilman Angel Ortiz introduced a bill to cap
contributions to mayoral campaigns at $1,000 for individual donors and $3,000
for PACs.

The bill also would have given matching public funds to mayoral candidates who
voluntarily limited spending on primary campaigns to $600,000.

It died.

Though the Philadelphia candidates are all seeking "big money," even Weinberg
did not completely ignore smaller denominations.

He has collected $11,647 in contributions of $50 or less. Though that
represented just 0.4 percent of Weinberg's total receipts, Miller said the
"number of little people who are willing to contribute to him shows a diversity
in his relationships."

Evans, a state representative from West Oak Lane, reported $12,349 in donations
of $50 or less, which accounted for 2 percent of his total.

White, a former city councilman, state legislator and state welfare secretary,
listed more than $40,000 in smaller contributions, but he has acknowledged that
number is erroneous; at least $25,000 was donated in sums of more than $50.

Katz took in just $200 in small contributions.

Barnett said that since last year Katz has held several fund-raising events for
smaller donors - a boathouse party for $35 per head, two "beef and beers" for
$20 and $25, a kaffeeklatsch every Saturday.

Bowser said that in 1975, he went to four or five kaffeeklatsches every night to
"get close to people." No money was raised at those events, but they helped him
win votes, Bowser said. Running as an independent, he finished second in the
election, behind Democrat Bill Green but ahead of the Republican candidate, Tom
Foglietta.

"It's better," Bowser said of the less money-dependent campaigns of old,
"because it involves people. And it respects them. You don't have as much
respect if you try to send a message through television than if you ring their
bell and say, 'I'd like to talk to you.' "

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Road to City Hall

GRAPHIC: CHART;
CHART
Big Money, Small Money: Mayoral candidates donations (JOHN DUCHNESKIE, Inquirer
Staff Artist)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                       December 19, 2016 Monday 00:00 EST

Why Trump Had an Edge in the Electoral College;
The 2016 Race

BYLINE: NATE COHN

SECTION: UPSHOT

LENGTH: 2065 words



HIGHLIGHT: It wasn't about small-state bias or regionalism. It was about the
nature of the battleground states, and there was one other key element: luck.


Correction Appended

With an expected win in the Electoral College today, Donald J. Trump will seal
his presidential victory - despite losing the national popular vote by a
significant margin.

His Electoral College lead should be substantial, since he won states worth 306
electoral votes to 232 from states won by Hillary Clinton. Yet the nearly final
popular vote count has him trailing by nearly three million votes, or 2.1
percentage points, the largest deficit for a winning candidate since 1876's
notorious election.

How exactly did we end up with such divergent results?

Liberals say Mr. Trump's victory is proof that the Electoral College is biased
against big states and undemocratically marginalizes urban and nonwhite voters.
Conservatives say the Electoral College serves as a necessary bulwark against
big states, preventing California in particular from imposing "something like
colonial rule over the rest of the nation," as the conservative analyst Michael
Barone put it. California sided with Mrs. Clinton by a vote margin of four
million, or 30 percentage points.

Both sides have a point. But in the end, Mr. Trump won for a simple reason: The
Electoral College's (largely) winner-take-all design gives a lot of weight to
battleground states. Mr. Trump had an advantage in the traditional battlegrounds
because most are whiter and less educated than the country as a whole.

But Mr. Trump's success in those states isn't just about demographics. It's
about quirks of history, like the outcome of a battle over Toledo, Ohio. It's
about gains by Mrs. Clinton that went unrewarded. It's also about plain luck.

No, not regionalism

One argument in favor of the Electoral College is that it doesn't reward
regionalism: a candidate who wins with huge margins in one part of the country.
That's because a winner-take-all system doesn't reward any additional votes
beyond what's necessary to win a state or a region. You get all of Florida's
electoral votes, whether you win it by 537 or 537,000 votes.

A good example of how regionalism can drive a popular-electoral vote split is
the 1888 election. The Democrat, Grover Cleveland, won the popular vote by
nearly a point, but he lost the Electoral College by a margin similar to Mrs.
Clinton's.

Why? He won the popular vote by dominating the Deep South, where white
supremacist Democrats had succeeded in disenfranchising Republican black voters
since the end of Reconstruction. Even progressives would consider this a moral
victory for the Electoral College.

Mrs. Clinton's big win in California was, on paper, potentially enough to be
"responsible" for the electoral-popular vote split in the same way that the Deep
South drove Mr. Cleveland's popular vote win in 1888.

But unlike the situation in 1888, Mrs. Clinton's huge victory in California
(along with the District of Columbia and Hawaii, where Mrs. Clinton won by a
higher percentage than she did in California) was almost entirely canceled out
by Mr. Trump's dominance of his base states - which we'll call Appalachafornia -
from West Virginia to Wyoming. ("Appalachafornia" consists of West Virginia,
Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Alabama, Oklahoma, Kansas, Nebraska, Wyoming,
Montana, Idaho, North Dakota and South Dakota.)

Mrs. Clinton led in the rest of the country by the same two-point margin after
excluding Appalachafornia and California - and yet she still loses the Electoral
College vote by about the same margin.

That's not how it went in 1888: The Republicans didn't waste nearly as many
votes in their best states, so they actually led in the vote in the rest of the
country. They won the Electoral College as well.

Whatever danger conservatives face from "imperial" California in a popular vote
is matched by the threat Democrats would face from an "imperial"
Appalachafornia. Regionalism alone is not why Mr. Trump won without the popular
vote.

No, not small-state bias

The Electoral College isn't just a check against regionalism. It also reflects
our federal system by awarding an electoral vote for every senator and
representative. The result is that small states get more sway, since senators
aren't awarded by population.

Wyoming, the least populous state, has one-sixty-sixth of California's
population. Yet it has one-eighteenth of California's electoral votes.

In general, the Electoral College's small-state bias does hurt the Democrats. In
fact, the small-state bias tipped the 2000 election. Al Gore would have won the
presidency, 225 to 211, if electors were just awarded by representative, not by
senators and representatives.

But the small-state bias was almost entirely irrelevant to Mr. Trump's
advantage. Mrs. Clinton won plenty of small states - she won seven of the 12
smallest. Mr. Trump, meanwhile, won plenty of big states - in fact, he won seven
of the 10 largest.

As a consequence, the result would have been virtually identical if states had
not received electoral votes for their senators. It would have even been the
same if the electors had been apportioned exactly by a state's population.

Battleground bias

O.K., so it's not California and it's not small-state bias. What is it?

It's the Electoral College's most straightforward bias: The battleground states
count the most.

Mrs. Clinton did well in noncompetitive states and "wasted" popular votes that
didn't earn her any more electoral votes, while Mr. Trump did just well enough
in competitive states to pick up their electoral votes.

There are, of course, two halves to this effect:

" Mrs. Clinton fared better in the remaining blue states, outside of California
and Hawaii, than Mr. Trump did in the remaining red states, outside of
"Appalachafornia."

Mrs. Clinton won states like Illinois and New York by a much larger margin than
Mr. Trump won similarly sized red states like Georgia and Texas.

Compared with President Obama in 2012, Mrs. Clinton made sizable gains in many
of the red states outside of Appalachafornia, including a big seven-point
improvement in Texas - yet won no electoral votes from them.

" Mr. Trump did very well in the battleground states. Depending on how the
battlegrounds are defined, the vote there either broke for Mr. Trump or was
virtually tied - a huge improvement over Mitt Romney's showing in 2012.

Mr. Trump won a lopsided electoral vote tally from those states by narrowly
winning four of the five states decided by around one point or less: Florida,
Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania (Mrs. Clinton edged him out in New
Hampshire). Outside of those five states, the electoral vote was basically tied,
with Mr. Trump edging out Mrs. Clinton, 231 to 228 (and leading by the margin of
small-state bias).

The imbalance between competitive and battleground states is somewhat similar to
a regionalism issue, at least in a mathematical sense: Mrs. Clinton won the
"blue states" by a wider margin than Mr. Trump won the "red states." The rest of
the country - the battlegrounds - voted Republican, and so did the Electoral
College.

But this isn't a regionalism issue. The "solid red" and "solid blue" states
where Mr. Trump failed to make gains include a clear majority of the country's
Electoral College votes, population and actual votes. The regional anomaly was
the Midwest, and it just so happens that in a winner-take-all system Mr. Trump's
strength in the Midwestern battleground states yielded a lot of Electoral
College votes.

There's a real demographic reason for it: Most of the traditional battleground
states are much whiter, less educated and particularly less Hispanic than the
rest of the country.

But the demographics alone don't quite do justice to Mr. Trump's victory in the
Electoral College. In the end, he won the battleground states by just a
one-point margin - but claimed three-fourths of their Electoral College votes.

He won four of the five closest states, winning 75 of 79 votes at stake.

There has never been a close election in the United States in which one
candidate has claimed such a resounding electoral vote margin out of the closest
states.

For lack of a better word: Mr. Trump had some very good luck.

There's nothing about the distribution of Mrs. Clinton's votes in the
battlegrounds or nationally that meant she was destined to get as few electoral
votes as she did.

Just take Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan - three contiguous states spanning
the Upper Great Lakes. Mrs. Clinton actually won the region by a narrow margin,
but she won just 10 of the 36 votes at stake.

Accidents of history

Ultimately, state lines are pretty arbitrary. Yes, when those lines were
determined, there were reasoned considerations like population and access to
rivers and resources. But statehood and state lines, often poorly surveyed in
the first place, were hotly disputed in the 19th century. Many states were
created in response to political considerations, especially the balance between
free and slave states. In other times, it could have gone very differently.

Consider two of the bigger nonpolitical state boundary questions of the 19th
century: the fate of the Florida Panhandle and the "Toledo War."

The Toledo War was a long dispute between Michigan and Ohio over a tiny strip of
land along their border, which happens to include the city of Toledo. Ohio had
the upper hand for one reason: It earned its statehood first, and therefore
blocked Michigan's petition - which included the strip. In the end, Congress
proposed a deal: Michigan would relinquish its claim on the Toledo strip and, in
exchange, would get the Upper Peninsula.

The Florida Panhandle and the Florida Peninsula were governed as separate
regions - West and East Florida - under Spanish and British rule. They were
effectively separated by hundreds of miles of treacherous swamp and forest.

Ultimately, West and East Florida were combined into one state. This was mainly
coincidental: Alabama earned statehood before the Florida territory was annexed.
West Florida repeatedly tried to join Alabama, starting as soon as the state was
annexed and lasting all the way past the Civil War. Many of these efforts -
which included referendums, congressional petitions and direct negotiations
between Florida and Alabama - nearly succeeded. But they ultimately did not.

If these minor border issues had gone differently, Mrs. Clinton would probably
be president. The Florida Panhandle is heavily Republican: Without it, the rest
of Florida votes Democratic. Both halves of the Toledo War worked out poorly for
Mrs. Clinton. Not only would she have won Michigan with Toledo, but she would
have also won Michigan without the Upper Peninsula: Only the full trade gives
Mr. Trump a narrow win.

Interestingly, the same changes would have flipped the 2000 election, and
perhaps the 1876 election, to the same result as the national popular vote
(though I don't have county-level results for Florida in that election). The
pronounced regionalism at play in 1888 would have made it harder to change the
outcome by tweaking state lines.

To be clear, you can also make plenty of changes that would benefit Republicans.
You could reunify West Virginia and Virginia, to take an easy one.

The point is that the main bias of the Electoral College isn't against big
states or regionalism; it's just toward the big battleground states. If they
break overwhelmingly one way, that's who wins. This is not exactly a high-minded
Hamiltonian argument. There aren't many justifications for letting a few close
states decide a close national election. But that's basically what the system
does, and there's nothing about those states that ensures they provide a
representative outcome.

The Upshot provides news, analysis and graphics about politics, policy and
everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our newsletter.


Correction: December 19, 2016, Monday

This article has been revised to reflect the following correction: An earlier
version of this article misstated a part of Florida that is heavily Republican.
It is the Florida Panhandle, not the Florida peninsula.

PHOTO: Georgia electors meeting Monday. Donald J. Trump lost the popular vote by
nearly three million but won in the Electoral College. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ERIK S.
LESSER/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

Related Articles


     ·    The Electoral College Meets Monday. Here's What to Expect.
     ·    Donald Trump Completes Final Lap, Electoral College, to White House
     ·    Biden, Sanders, Warren: Too Soon for 2020?
     ·    How Did Donald Trump Win Over So Many Obama Voters?


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                       January 10, 2017 Tuesday 00:00 EST

Meryl Streep, Jared Kushner, Cristiano Ronaldo: Your Tuesday Briefing;
Europe Edition

BYLINE: PATRICK BOEHLER

SECTION: BRIEFING

LENGTH: 1125 words



HIGHLIGHT: Here's what you need to know to start your day.


Good morning.

Here's what you need to know:

A barrage of Senate confirmation hearings opens today in what promises to be a
frenzied week in Washington, but some of the public focus was on President-elect
Donald J. Trump's derision of the actress Meryl Streep after she criticized him.

Mr. Trump's transition team confirmed that his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, who is
in the midst of a major real estate deal with a Chinese conglomerate, will be a
senior presidential adviser.

_____

Turkey's Parliament began debating legislation that would effectively rewrite
the Constitution and possibly allow President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to remain in
power until 2029.

And Russia's air support for Turkey's offensive against the Islamic State in
northern Syria offers evidence of deepening ties that threaten to marginalize
the U.S. in the struggle to shape Syria's fate.

_____

The U.S. blacklisted five Russians, including Aleksandr I. Bastrykin, above, a
close aide to President Vladimir V. Putin, for human rights abuses.

Among those facing sanctions are two intelligence officers who the British
authorities say used polonium to kill a former Russian spy in London in 2006.

_____

President Obama will offer a farewell address today from Chicago, his hometown
and the city where he celebrated his presidential victory in 2008.

It is also his final chance to defend his legacy before Mr. Trump takes office.

Tickets to Mr. Obama's speech, which were given away over the weekend, have been
listed online for as much as $5,000.

_____

The World Cup will grow from 32 to 48 teams in 2026, under a plan approved
unanimously by FIFA's governing council.

Previous expansions have been met with acrimony, but this one may have some
merit.

And soccer's governing body namedthe world's best players of 2016: Cristiano
Ronaldo and Carli Lloyd, above. Best coaches: the former German national coach
Silvia Neid and Leicester's Claudio Ranieri.

_____

American wildlife officials identified human-driven climate change as the
biggest threat to the survival of polar bears, saying that without decisive
action to combat global warming, the estimated remaining 26,000 bears in the
Arctic would almost certainly disappear.

_____

Business

Changes in how the United States taxes corporations are likely to come during
this session of Congress, and huge consequences could be felt "in global
financial markets and the aisles of your local Walmart."

Some European airlines are turning to smaller airports to cut costs and avoid
congestion.

A new generation of crops known as gene-edited rather than genetically modified
is coming to the market.

Nokia unveiled its first smartphone since 2014.

Here's a snapshot of global markets.

In the News

Martin McGuinness, the top Catholic official in Northern Ireland's government,
abruptly resigned on Monday, plunging the territory into political uncertainty.
His decision not to nominate a replacement effectively sets off an election.
[The New York Times]

Talks seeking the reunification of Cyprus as a two-state federation resumed in
Geneva and are scheduled to be broadened on Thursday to include Greece, Turkey
and Britain. [Reuters]

Poland's governing party, Law and Justice, said it would reinstate media access
to Parliament in a bid to end the weekslong occupation of the legislature by
opposition lawmakers. [Reuters]

Jovan Tintor, a former adviser to the former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan
Karadzic, pleaded not guilty to war-related charges at his trial in Sarajevo.
[Balkan Investigative Reporting Network]

A U.S. Navy warship fired warning shots at Iranian boats that raced toward it
near the Strait of Hormuz. It was the first such standoff since August. [The New
York Times]

The French police arrested 17 suspects in the October robbery of Kim Kardashian
West. French officials described some of them as veteran criminals in their 50s,
60s and even 70s. [The New York Times]

And we met the Rome bureau chief for Breitbart News, the populist website that
backed Mr. Trump in his run for the presidency: a telegenic and polyglot former
priest. [The New York Times]

Smarter Living: Morning Edition

Miss your morning meal? Don't sweat it - the science around the importance of
breakfast is still basically unproved.

Modern Love: An aging woman's dementia causes her to learn about her family all
over again.

Recipe of the day: If you have an hour to spare tonight, consider making chicken
enchiladas with salsa verde. You won't regret it.

Noteworthy

The real damage from concussions - often incurred in contact sports like
football and ice hockey, but also in car accidents - happens deep inside the
brain, less so from it bashing against the skull, researchers found.

The findings suggest many helmets as they are now designed do not protect
athletes from long-term brain disease.

In memoriam: Roman Herzog, Germany's president in the 1990s who stressed the
importance of remembering the Holocaust, died at 82.

The Polish sociologist Zygmunt Bauman died at 91; the Indian actor Om Puri died
at 66.

Attachment theory states that the quality of our early attachments deeply
influences how we behave as adults. The theory resonates in an era when people
seem more attached to smartphones than to one another.

Back Story

With the presidential inauguration day in the United States and the increasingly
divisive Women's March on Washington approaching, it's worth remembering a
protest that began 100 years ago today.

Protesters descended on Lafayette Park, across from the White House.

These "silent sentinels" stayed for months, mounting a "Grand Picket" on the eve
of Woodrow Wilson's second inauguration that drew more than 1,000 people to
circle the White House.

Some who were arrested went on hunger strikes, prompting brutal force-feedings
that shocked the nation.

This was the National Woman's Party, whose civil disobedience is cited as a main
force behind the 19th Amendment, which in 1920 gave women a national right to
vote.

But the party suffered from some of the same segregationist tendencies
circulating in society at the time. It took the civil rights movement of the
1960s to finally secure black women's full suffrage.

In 1912, W. E. B. DuBois of the National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People called out the party's parent group for rejecting black members
and associations.

The following year, when the anti-lynching journalist Ida B. Wells led a
contingent of black suffragists from Chicago to a march in the capital,
organizers told them to stay in the rear.

Wells declined. She quietly walked alongside two white supporters with the
Illinois contingent.

Andrea Kannapell contributed reporting.

_____

Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings.

What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Malloy Talks Education, Shares Personal Story

SECTION: MAIN; A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 223  words



HIGHLIGHT: CONNECTICUT Gov. Dannel Malloy speaks with the media in Philadelphia
Sunday.Matt Rourke | associated press


Connecticut audiences have heard it before, but Gov. Dannel P. Malloy shared his
own personal story of overcoming a learning disability to a crowd in
Philadelphia during a speech in the midst of an event hosted by Democrats for
Education Reform Monday afternoon.

"I grew up with very serious learning disabilities and physical disabilities
that took years to overcome," he said. "I was thought to be mentally retarded as
late as the fourth grade. I couldn't button a shirt or tie a shoe until the
fifth grade."

"I was in so many ways a student that would have been fairly easy to
marginalize, park somewhere," he continued. "The only reason I'm here today is
because a bunch of folks including public school teachers, private school
teachers, therapists, a mother who drove the process ... that's really the only
reason that I'm here."

Malloy called for experimentation in education, and pointed to progress that
Connecticut had made in several areas including improving graduation rates. He
noted the controversy surrounding charter schools, but said that's an option
that must be considered.

"I know some people don't like to talk about public charter schools, but the
reality is that in my state of Connecticut we have 9,000 students who are being
educated in that system, using fewer dollars and a pretty good return," he said.

-Russell Blair

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 3, 2014 Saturday

U.N. panel denounces laws targeting homeless

LENGTH: 1045  words


The U.N. panel that reviews countries' compliance with a human-rights treaty
says laws in U.S. communities that subject the homeless to prosecution for
everyday activities - including "sit-lie" ordinances like San Francisco's -
appear to violate international standards and should be abolished nationwide.The
report was issued March 26 by the U.N. Human Rights Committee, a panel of 18
legal experts from nations including the United States. Its five-year study of
U.S. treaty compliance listed 25 "matters of concern," including government
surveillance, torture, solitary confinement and what the committee described as
"criminalization of homelessness."The conclusions about the homeless are among
the most startling."The committee is concerned about reports of criminalization
of people living on the street for everyday activities such as eating, sleeping,
sitting in particular areas etc.," the report said. "The committee notes that
such criminalization raises concerns of discrimination or cruel, inhuman or
degrading treatment" prohibited by different sections of the treaty.The United
States, the report said, should "engage with state and local authorities" to
eliminate all such laws, withdraw funding from communities that enforce the
laws, and work with social service, health care and law enforcement
professionals "to intensify efforts to find solutions for the homeless in
accordance with human-rights standards."The panel that wrote the report included
Harvard Law Professor Gerald Neuman.Local lawThe San Francisco ordinance,
approved by 54 percent of the city's voters in 2010, prohibits sitting or lying
on public sidewalks between 7 a.m. and 11 p.m. Violations are subject to
criminal penalties - after an initial warning, the next offense is punishable by
a citation and fine, and further offenses can draw misdemeanor prosecutions and
jail sentences.Dozens of cities have similar laws, including Palo Alto and Santa
Cruz.

Voters in Berkeley narrowly rejected a sit-lie ban in commercial districts in
November 2012.The U.N. committee report is not the first to condemn such laws.
The U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness, composed of 19 agencies in the
president's Cabinet, said in 2012 that "criminalization policies" marginalize
the homeless, "fuel inflammatory attitudes" and might violate constitutional
rights.The council was directed by Congress, in a 2009 law, to work on
alternatives to sit-lie and similar local practices. The Obama administration
says it responded with programs in housing and homeless services that have led
to a nationwide decline in homelessness - 8 percent overall from 2010 to 2013,
with a 16 percent drop in chronic homelessness.But advocates say the federal
government triggered a surge in homelessness with huge cuts in housing aid in
the 1980s that have never been fully restored. Local governments responded, said
Jennifer Friedenbach, executive director of the Coalition on Homelessness in San
Francisco, by attempting to "push homeless people out of town by passing laws
that curb their presence on the streets."Input from a prestigious international
body might refocus the debate.The U.N. committee has no enforcement authority in
the United States - the U.S. Senate ruled out any such powers when it ratified
the treaty, known as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
in 1992 - but, like all treaties, it is the law of the land.Could be
forcefulInternational law requires the U.S. to comply with the treaty and with
its interpretation by "reviewing bodies" like the U.N. panel, said Connie de La
Vega, a University of San Francisco law professor who directs the school's
International Law Clinic. If those who have resisted change learned that "this
violates our treaty obligations or international law, it might force them to
reconsider," she said. It also reminds activists that "we're not alone, we're
not crazy," said Paul Boden, director of the Western Regional Advocacy Project,
which campaigns for low-cost housing and rights of the homeless in California
and Oregon. "It's just like fighting Jim Crow laws" on racial segregation, he
said.Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom has a different perspective. As San Francisco's
mayor, Newsom joined then-Police Chief George Gascón in backing sit-lie on the
November 2010 ballot after the after the Board of Supervisors had rejected the
ordinance.Newsom had earlier sponsored the city's ban on "aggressive
panhandling" and the Care Not Cash program of cutting financial aid while
increasing services to homeless and other needy residents. He joined the sit-lie
campaign after taking his infant daughter on a stroll in Haight-Ashbury
neighborhood, where they had just moved in 2010, and coming across a man smoking
crack cocaine on the sidewalk."I don't believe stepping over someone on the
street is more compassionate than encouraging someone to stand up and try to
support them to get their lives back together," he said in an interview after
release of the U.N. report. "These laws provide a platform for that
engagement."The U.N. committee's concern was understandable, Newsom said, and
would be justified in a city that relied on an enforcement-only policy without
social services. But San Francisco, he said, "invests as much or more than any
city in America in its poverty programs" and has shown that sit-lie and other
criminal laws can be implemented with compassion.Might be catalystFriedenbach,
of the Coalition on Homelessness, countered that homeless people have been
jailed under sit-lie, sometimes because they were unable to pay fines. She said
the U.N. committee report, by "putting it into the framework of human rights,"
might boost efforts to curb such laws statewide.Assemblyman Tom Ammiano, D-San
Francisco, tried unsuccessfully last year to win passage of legislation that
would have banned sit-lie ordinances in any city with a shortage of affordable
housing. He said the U.N. report was "right on target.""If you are homeless, you
have to sit somewhere, you have to sleep somewhere, you have to rest at some
point in the day," Ammiano said in a statement. "Laws like sit-lie just try to
push the problem somewhere else. ...We should be humane, and that's what the
U.N. report is suggesting." © 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 11, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

A WINNING PLAN BRINGS BACK MAGIC

SECTION: SPORTS; Scott Michaux; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1636 words


Billy Payne is contemplating the first major impact he'll have as the caretaker
of the season's first major championship, and the new Masters Tournament
chairman wants to get it just right.

This new era in golf will require Payne to make a decision on the most
fundamental aspect of the Masters - who plays in it? When you're dealing with
the most coveted invitation in golf, it's not a guest list to be taken lightly.

That's why the first move the new chairman might make is to bring a little bit
of the magic back to the qualifying process. It's similar, in fact, to the old
Disney ad campaign, except fresh PGA Tour winners might again be able to shout
the popular refrain, "I'm going to Augusta."

Payne acknowledged the "magic" factor associated with PGA Tour victories being
instant tickets to the Masters.

"The public and the fans really like to see the joy that's associated with a
victory, when more important than the prize money is the fact that the winner
knows he'll be able to compete in the Masters," Payne said.

With the dramatic changes to the PGA Tour landscape, Payne has a lot of
variables to consider. Do you invite money leaders or the top points earners? Do
you further marginalize the opposite events and the post-playoff fall series? Do
you simply expand the participant field to accommodate winners or trim other
qualifying areas to keep the list cozy?

"I can't give you a specific timetable because there's still a little bit up in
the air," Payne said recently.

Those of us outside the Augusta National Golf Club don't get the chance to
caucus with Payne about which direction to go with the qualification standards,
but that certainly doesn't mean we are any less passionate about what he
decides. Those of us who love the Masters care as much about the tournament and
its traditions as any green-jacketed member.

It is in that spirit that one passionate observer offers this modest proposal
for tournament qualification. If applied to this Masters with the late entry
deadlines set for today, it would present a participant field of 103 players -
just five more than would be expected to play as of today under the current
system. It would de-emphasize money and greatly emphasize winning. And it would
tip its hat to some of the grand traditions of tournament co-founder Bobby Jones
in new ways.

While the full list of suggested qualifications are in the accompanying graphic,
here is some of the layman's rationale that went into the proposal:

MONEY IS CHEAP: Money lists are a poor way to gauge success and an unbecoming
factor in determining Masters qualifiers. The PGA Tour's new FedEx Cup system
has some flaws, but it is the most equitable process yet for quantifying success
over the course of a season. It takes out the fact that the winner in Phoenix
(where Tiger Woods doesn't usually play) makes roughly $200,000 more than the
winner in Grand Blanc, Mich., (where Tiger often plays and wins).

Since the Masters would never use a corporate sponsor name in its qualification
chart, it could exempt the 30 players who qualify based on the PGA Tour's point
system for the Tour Championship at Jones' home club of East Lake.

A WIN IS A WIN: Masters officials generally turn their nose up at opposite
events, and the seven-event fall series isn't generating much love, either. But
to exclude those events would be to render them worthless, and they are far from
that. By not discriminating against any PGA Tour co-sanctioned event, the
Masters would put the premium squarely on winning instead of banking checks.

And those fall fields would be strengthened by players seeking victories or
world ranking points to be included in April. Furthermore, getting rid of the
top-10 money route for backdoor inclusion would put that magic back into winning
the tour events leading up to the Masters.

A MAJOR BY ANY OTHER NAME: Currently the Masters invites a varying number of
high finishers in the other major championships, as if Jones would consider his
U.S. Open victories more special than his British Open triumphs. Level them all
off to top-five and ties to illustrate their relative equality, and invite back
the top-15 and ties from the previous Masters because they deserve a return
trip.

As for the Players, it's not quite a major but it's certainly better than all of
the other events. Since it's no longer a last-gasp qualifying site, grant the
Players champion a two-year Masters exemption.

TEAM CONCEPT: In bygone days the Masters invited players from various
international team events, so exempting players who qualified to be a part of
the previous season's Ryder Cup or Presidents Cup teams is a worthy
acknowledgment to that era. No captain's picks, however, since the Masters
shouldn't be beholden to invite whoever Gary Player or Paul Azinger taps.

Inviting the reigning NCAA individual champion would be another homage to
excelling in a team environment. To retain Masters eligibility, that winner
would have to either remain a collegiate amateur or have earned his college
degree as a senior before turning professional.

WORLD FLAVOR: Jones wanted an international event, and he got it. Foreign
participants will outnumber Americans for the first time this year. Still,
inviting the top money winner from the most recent completed seasons on the five
other major world tours would be a nice guaranteed bonus (all of them made it
via the world rankings this year). No cherry pickers, however, such as Ernie Els
in South Africa based on two events. Foreign tour members must have competed in
at least 10 sanctioned events on that tour.

AN EXEMPTION IS AN EXEMPTION: As stated above, the need for limiting
discretionary exemptions to international players is long gone. Payne can
broaden the exemption for any worthy player regardless of nationality. That way
the Masters can decide if U.S. Ryder Cup captain's pick Scott Verplank or young
Colombian Camilo Villegas warrants inclusion (they both qualified this year
based on top-40 money).

Not everybody would like to see these changes, particularly the six guys
(Verplank, Villegas, Steve Stricker, Jerry Kelly, Jeff Sluman and Kenneth
Ferrie) who would currently be bumped from this year's Masters if these
standards were already in place.

But most Masters appreciators would agree that putting the emphasis on winning
titles instead of earning wages would keep the field strong while making it more
exclusive than ever.

That would be a welcome start on Payne's Masters legacy and in keeping with his
predecessors.

Reach Scott Michaux at (706) 823-3219 or scott.michaux@augustachronicle.com.

PROPOSED NEW MASTERS TOURNAMENT QUALIFICATIONS

- Masters Tournament Champions (Lifetime): 18 Participants: Seve Ballesteros,
Fred Couples, Ben Crenshaw, Ray Floyd, Bernhard Langer, Sandy Lyle, Phil
Mickelson, Larry Mize, Mark O'Meara, Jose Maria Olazabal, Gary Player, Vijay
Singh, Craig Stadler, Tom Watson, Mike Weir, Tiger Woods, Ian Woosnam, Fuzzy
Zoeller; 10 Non-participants: Tommy Aaron, Gay Brewer, Jack Burke, Billy Casper,
Charles Coody, Nick Faldo, Doug Ford, Bob Goalby, Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer

- U.S. Open Champions (5 years): 4: Geoff Ogilvy, Michael Campbell. Retief
Goosen, Jim Furyk

- British Open Champions (5 years): 3: Todd Hamilton, Ben Curtis, Ernie Els

- PGA Champions (5 years): 2: Shaun Micheel, Rich Beem

- Players Champions (2 years): 2: Stephen Ames, Fred Funk

- Current U.S. Amateur Champion and runner-up: 2: Richie Ramsey, John Kelly

- Current British Amateur Champion: 1: Julien Guerrier

- Current U.S. Public Links Champion: 1: Casey Watabu

- Current U.S. Mid-Amateur Champion: 1: Dave Womack

- The first 15 finishers, including ties, in previous year's Masters: 7: Tim
Clark, Chad Campbell, Angel Cabrera, Stewart Cink, Miguel Jimenez, Billy
Mayfair, Aaron Oberholser

- The first 5 finishers, including ties, in previous year's U.S. Open: 2: Colin
Montgomerie, Padraig Harrington

- The first 5 finishers, including ties, in previous year's British Open: 3:
Chris DiMarco, Sergio Garcia, Hideto Tanihara

- The first 5 finishers, including ties, in previous year's PGA: 2: Luke Donald,
Adam Scott

- Top 30 qualifiers for previous season's Tour Championship, based on PGA Tour
points: 16: Trevor Immelman, Stuart Appleby, Brett Wetterich, David Toms, Rory
Sabbatini, Joe Durant, Davis Love III, Rod Pampling, Carl Pettersson, Brett
Quigley, Lucas Glover, Dean Wilson, Zach Johnson, Tom Pernice, K.J. Choi, J.J.
Henry

- The top 50 players on the Final Official World Golf Ranking of the previous
year: 17: Henrik Stenson, David Howell, Paul Casey, Nick O'Hern, Shingo
Katayama, Robert Karlsson, Yang Yong-Eun, Ian Poulter, Darren Clarke, Jeev
Milkha Singh, Ben Crane, Niclas Fasth, Thomas Bjorn, Robert Allenby, Johan
Edfors, Lee Westwood, Bradley Dredge

- The top 50 players on the Official World Golf Rankings published during the
week prior to the Masters: TBD (Three as of today: Justin Rose, Bart Bryant,
Charles Howell)

- Winners of PGA Tour co-sponsored tournaments from the conclusion of the
previous year's Masters to the initiation of the current year's Masters: 13:
Aaron Baddeley, Chris Couch, Tim Herron, Jeff Maggert, John Senden, John
Rollins, Corey Pavin, Will MacKenzie, Eric Axley, D.J. Trahan, Troy Matteson,
Paul Goydos, Charley Hoffman

- The leading money winner from the previous completed season on the Asian,
European, Japan, Australasian and Sunshine tours (minimum 10 events played as a
tour member): 1: Hennie Otto (Sunshine)

- Players who qualified (non-captain's picks) for the previous year's Ryder Cup
or Presidents Cup teams: 2: Vaughn Taylor, Paul McGinley

- Current NCAA Individual Champion: 1: Jonathan Moore

- The Masters Committee, at its discretion, can invite any player not otherwise
qualified: TBD (Candidates might include Ryder Cup captain's pick Scott Verplank
and Colombia's Camilo Villegas)

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Michael Snyder/Staff Masters Tournament chairman Billy Payne is
considering a proposal to give PGA Tour winners automatic invites to play in
Augusta.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: GOLF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Oklahoma basketball: Q and A with OU AD/NCAA Tournament Selection Committee
Chairman Joe Castiglione

BYLINE: Ryan Aber

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1328 words


Oklahoma athletic director Joe Castiglione&nbsp;won't be in Kansas City this
week for the Big 12 Tournament. Instead, Castiglione is in New York City, where
meetings of the NCAA Tournament Selection Committee are underway at the Marriott
Marquis Hotel.Castiglione took questions on a teleconference, his final
availability before Sunday afternoon's selection show, which begins at 4:30 p.m.
on CBS.Here are some highlights of the question and answer
session:QUESTION:&nbsp;This is one of those obvious questions we sometimes have
to ask. How much value are victories in a conference tournament versus the
regular season? How do you weigh them differently, or do you?ANSWER: Well, from
my standpoint the conference tournament games are an extension of the regular
season.

It's certainly an opportunity to enhance your rÃ©sumÃ©. So those games will be
part of our evaluation.How will the committee evaluate the nine games where Jim
Boeheim was not coaching Syracuse?Well, we certainly know they struggled a
little bit during that time. I think they went 4-5 while Coach Boeheim was not
involved with the program.As you note, and said before, we look at coach
availability and player availability roughly the same. We know they played
better with him on the sidelines, of course.But, again, all those games count
throughout the entire year. It will all be taken into consideration. We just
can't discount or marginalize a game, regardless of the situation.A team like
Monmouth, which didn't win their conference tournament, early in the year they
had great wins, UCLA, Georgetown, then those two schools had disappointing
seasons. How much do you and the committee evaluate wins that change over the
course of the season as those teams' fortunes go in the wrong way and the wins
today don't look as good as they did in November?We evaluate their rÃ©sumÃ©s
based on what they have done. We recognize the great season Monmouth had, the
quality team they are.I will make note, we had a principle to automatically
include regular-season conference champions on our under consideration board. So
when we take our initial ballot this afternoon, if they are part of the grouping
of teams that receive at least three votes, as a regular-season champion,
they'll be added to the under consideration board.We know they're a team that
went on the road 17 times during the course of the season and won 13 of those.
That doesn't even include the six neutral-site games they played. So among their
34 games this year, 23 were played away from home, and they won 17 of those
games. So those are additional considerations that will be included in our
discussion.In Iowa there's three teams that will go to the NCAA tournament.
There's one site in Iowa. I know one team is ineligible from competing in Des
Moines. The other two I had a question about. If Iowa works its way into a three
line and it's equal with Xavier, but on the Snake is a spot or two behind, do
you gerrymander it to some extent to put Iowa there over a Xavier if it's closer
to Xavier or is it true to the Snake?The short answer is no. We use the overall
seed list. When you fall on the next one up, you get the preference. We would
not disadvantage a team on the seed list to help out another team lower on the
seed list.I may add one point. You may know that Iowa State is serving as the
host for the first and second rounds, so they will not be eligible to play in
Des Moines.Joe, you mentioned that among the many things the committee considers
are various computer metrics. I know any individual committee member can
comprehend whatever he or she would like. Mainly speaking for yourself, what are
some of the metrics you've looked at? Do they include some of the newer and
advanced ones such as Sagarin and whatever else? What have you been looking
at?Well, the common metrics most of us use are Ken Pom, Sagarin, LRMC, VPI, KPI.
Those are the common ones.As you mentioned, certainly we're not limited to
those. Obviously the RPI is another metric that is utilized by the committee to
help sort information.As you probably know, some of the metrics are a little
more predictive based and some are a little more results based. But they all
have value. We constantly update those ratings and rankings throughout the
entire five days we're together when games are played.I would note maybe one
thing that has been an interesting observation by our committee to this point.
When comparing the last one or two years, this year we seem to notice more
variance in some of the metrics for some of these teams. So obviously we'll have
to dig deeper into those metrics and try and determine what that really means,
get a better understanding of the reasons for the difference, and how that
correlates with the decisions we'll make about selection or seeding.On Syracuse
and Jim Boeheim. When a player misses a game, you can obviously point to
tangible numbers to weigh the impact of that player missing a game. Can you go
into a little bit more detail on how the committee will measure the impact of a
coach missing a game.Well, in Syracuse's case, we recognize you have a
Hall-of-Fame coach who has assembled his team, knows his team, positions his
team, just as he's done for decades. To pretend that he's not a difference-maker
would be a mistake. Same for an impact player in the case of any of the teams
that were evaluated.But at the same time, again, I want to mention that the five
games they lost without him just can't and won't be thrown out. He was absent
for nine games. Player availability, we track that very closely just as well
through the year.I know you've said in that one and four range, you're protected
where you won't be disadvantaged in the first two games. I was wondering if that
also plays a role with where teams go, being closer to home? And also, if you're
in the 5 or 6, maybe even 7 range, if there's any preference playing closer to
home? The reason I ask is Arizona appears to be in that area right now, and
maybe a couple other PAC-12 teams, as well.Well, first of all, I just want to
correct you. That bracketing principle only applies to the first round, not the
first two games.But when it comes to bracketing, geography and conference
affiliation dictates many of the decisions we make. The first thing we try to do
is keep as many teams as close to home as possible, respect the overall seed
list, utilize that to determine the choice of the team and where they will be
assigned.Of course, the overall seed list determines exactly that, and then it's
done in sequential order.When you get down to the 5, 6 range, you're still
thinking about that as opposed to who fits in best into that seed line,
regardless of where they play? That's still a big consideration?Sure. Geography
is first. But we may have to move teams based on rematches of the regular-season
games, and/or their conference affiliation.We hear about top 100 wins, top 50
wins, top 25, then we hear about bad losses. How do you weigh those two metrics,
ideas, and which holds greater sway with you? I know you can't necessarily talk
about everyone.Well, I will say that we try to be more definitive of the quality
of the wins. So rather than just say top 100, we break it into groupings, say,
top 25, top 50, top 100. So quality wins are very important. You have to prove
you can beat good teams.We also look at where those games are actually held, so
winning against good teams at home, winning against good teams on the road. We
pay attention to those games that are held at neutral sites, as well.We think
there's a correlation. Beating good teams means you can be successful in the
tournament. So winning away from home is something that in my years on the
committee has become an important factor to value.Just to use that phrase you
used 'bad losses,' not all losses are equal, if you will. You have to determine,
were there circumstances that led to that result.So, again, where the game was
played is important.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Students receive gowns, Eric Metaxas speaks at Opening Convocation

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Sewanee's University, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news
release:

After a week of fog and drizzle, bright sunshine greeted visitors to Sewanee for
the Opening Convocation for the Easter Semester, held Friday, Jan. 16, in All
Saints' Chapel. Author and television host Eric Metaxas gave the Convocation
address and received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters. The university
awarded academic gowns to 103 students during the Convocation.

Metaxas addressed the topic of liberal education, which though taken for granted
by many Americans is a "fragile and precious thing" not typical in world
history. He spoke of the value of civil debates about truth that are part of
liberal education, and the dangers of demonizing those who hold opposing views.
He encouraged students to stand up for those with whom they disagree, arguing
for the importance of "the freedom to hold even stupid beliefs.

Metaxas argued that religious liberty is at the heart of our freedom, saying
America's founders understood that freedom requires virtue, and he cited
Sewanee's honor code as an expression of that idea. He urged students not to
marginalize voices of faith, and not to be afraid to hear all sides with
civility and tolerance. "Listen respectfully," he said, to those with whom you
disagree. "You will learn something, and you will be blessed."

Eric Metaxas is a leading evangelical thinker, an award-winning author, a
speaker, and a television and radio host. He is best known for two biographies,
Amazing Grace: William Wilberforce and the Heroic Campaign to End Slavery and
Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy. He has also written humor, children's
books, and scripts for "VeggieTales." His latest book is Miracles: What They
Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life. Metaxas is the co-host
of the nationally syndicated weekly Sunday morning television program, "100
Huntley Street."  He was the keynote speaker at the 2012 National Prayer
Breakfast in Washington, D.C. In 2011, he received the Canterbury Medal awarded
by the Becket Fund for Religious Freedom.

Also honored during the Convocation were retired Tennessee Supreme Court Justice
Janice Holder, who received an honorary Doctor of Civil Law; the Rt. Rev. Whayne
Hougland, bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Western Michigan, honorary Doctor
of Divinity; Michael Leslie, former dean of the British Studies at Oxford
program for Rhodes College, honorary Doctor of Letters; and the Rt. Rev.
Nicholas Thomas Wright, professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at the
University of St. Andrews, Scotland, honorary Doctor of Divinity.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

Tennessee: Students receive gowns, Eric Metaxas speaks at Opening Convocation

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The University of the South, The state of Tennessee has issued the following
news release:

After a week of fog and drizzle, bright sunshine greeted visitors to Sewanee for
the Opening Convocation for the Easter Semester, held Friday, Jan. 16, in All
Saints' Chapel. Author and television host Eric Metaxas gave the Convocation
address and received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters. The university
awarded academic gowns to 103 students during the Convocation.

Metaxas addressed the topic of liberal education, which though taken for granted
by many Americans is a "fragile and precious thing" not typical in world
history. He spoke of the value of civil debates about truth that are part of
liberal education, and the dangers of demonizing those who hold opposing views.
He encouraged students to stand up for those with whom they disagree, arguing
for the importance of "the freedom to hold even stupid beliefs.

Metaxas argued that religious liberty is at the heart of our freedom, saying
America's founders understood that freedom requires virtue, and he cited
Sewanee's honor code as an expression of that idea. He urged students not to
marginalize voices of faith, and not to be afraid to hear all sides with
civility and tolerance. "Listen respectfully," he said, to those with whom you
disagree. "You will learn something, and you will be blessed."

Eric Metaxas is a leading evangelical thinker, an award-winning author, a
speaker, and a television and radio host. He is best known for two biographies,
Amazing Grace: William Wilberforce and the Heroic Campaign to End Slavery and
Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy. He has also written humor, children's
books, and scripts for "VeggieTales." His latest book is Miracles: What They
Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life. Metaxas is the co-host
of the nationally syndicated weekly Sunday morning television program, "100
Huntley Street."  He was the keynote speaker at the 2012 National Prayer
Breakfast in Washington, D.C. In 2011, he received the Canterbury Medal awarded
by the Becket Fund for Religious Freedom.

Also honored during the Convocation were retired Tennessee Supreme Court Justice
Janice Holder, who received an honorary Doctor of Civil Law; the Rt. Rev. Whayne
Hougland, bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Western Michigan, honorary Doctor
of Divinity; Michael Leslie, former dean of the British Studies at Oxford
program for Rhodes College, honorary Doctor of Letters; and the Rt. Rev.
Nicholas Thomas Wright, professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at the
University of St. Andrews, Scotland, honorary Doctor of Divinity. Read more
about all the honorary degree recipients

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fear and Loathing in Nevada

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 696 words


Sharron Angle did not show up at the huge Tea Party Express rally in Las Vegas
on Tuesday night. She rarely makes public appearances anymore. But the event was
almost entirely in support of her and the divisive, anti-immigrant platform she
has promoted in her accelerating drive to replace Senator Harry Reid.

There was a folk song praising Arizona for its immigrant crackdown, and the
featured speaker was Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County, Ariz., who marches
illegal immigrants through the streets of Phoenix to tent jails in the broiling
desert.

Ms. Angle said last week that every state should have a sheriff like Mr. Arpaio,
and he returned the compliment, in his own particular, chilling way. ''You guys
have got a desert here,'' he told the cheering, foot-stomping crowd. ''Why don't
you put up some tents?'' The laughter of his audience of about 2,000 people,
most wearing free Angle T-shirts or buttons, practically shook the walls of
Stoney's Rockin' Country nightclub, where hand-held signs proclaimed Mr. Reid,
the Senate majority leader, a traitor, a socialist and garbage.

Mr. Reid's campaign had once looked forward to running against Ms. Angle,
figuring that her extreme positions would quickly marginalize her in the minds
of voters. But he somehow failed to recognize just how attractive those
positions would be in a state with the nation's highest unemployment rate and
highest rates of foreclosure and bankruptcy. And he was lifeless in last week's
debate instead of making the forceful, animated challenge to Ms. Angle's
radicalism that might have motivated his supporters.

Now she is favored in the year's most high-profile Senate race. Unless Mr. Reid
can muster a huge turnout, there is a strong chance that Ms. Angle will become a
United States senator, and she will have done so largely by exploiting fears of
illegal Hispanic immigrants in an economically nervous state. One of her
television ads, which calls Harry Reid ''the best friend illegals have ever
had,'' shows dark-skinned characters sneaking along a border fence, juxtaposed
with a Mexican flag.

In a particularly preposterous bit of spin, she told a group of Hispanic
students a few days ago, when she did not realize she was being recorded, that
those people were not necessarily Hispanic. They might have been coming through
the Canadian border, she said, calling it ''the most porous border that we
have'' and adding that that is ''where the terrorists came through.'' (The
Canadian ambassador immediately protested this nonsense.) For a candidate who
famously told Mr. Reid to ''man up'' at the debate, she should at least take
responsibility for her own sneering innuendo.

She is, however, willing to persist in her illusion that Social Security can be
fixed only by turning it over to private accounts, a toxic position with older
voters that many of her fellow Tea Party candidates pretend they haven't
considered. And she has gone much further than even Christine O'Donnell, the
Republican candidate for United States Senate in Delaware, in repudiating the
need for separation of church and state. That doctrine, Ms. Angle has said, is
''unconstitutional''; she prefers to give religion an expansive position in
public life.

Mr. Reid, who is far more comfortable maneuvering compromises through the back
rooms of the Senate than campaigning among actual voters, lost his best chance
to skewer his opponent's positions in the debate. Those voters who did not know
about his efforts to save jobs in Nevada, or his proposals for using tax
incentives to create even more, still don't.

He might have laughed at her assertion that the nascent health care law is
responsible for persistent joblessness, or demanded to know her alternative plan
for covering the millions of uninsured. Instead of saying he would leave it to
''the experts'' to decide what to do about tax cuts for the wealthy, he should
have clearly explained to voters how important it is to the nation's long-term
future to raise taxes on families making more than $250,000.

Many Nevadans may not like their choices, but they have a clear one. They can
show that they will not cave in to the politics of division and fear.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 22, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1411 words



Downtown Now takes wrong turn

I eagerly support most aspects of Downtown Now's plan for downtown, particularly
the 2,800 new housing units and the landscaped terrace over Interstate 70.

However, I am troubled by the proposal to shrink Market Street into a narrow,
one-way street - and for reasons that go well beyond traffic circulation. This
is St. Louis' premier ceremonial avenue. Its monumental scale offers a dramatic
and unparalleled view of the Gateway Arch and other landmark buildings and is to
be celebrated - not diminished. Its great expanse invites marathons, bicycle
races and parades. Narrowing it and restricting it to one-way traffic would
marginalize it. It would be unthinkable to diminish the grandeur of Washington's
Pennsylvania Avenue, New Orleans' Canal Street or San Francisco's Market Street
in this manner.

Yes, our Market Street and Gateway Mall should be improved. Perhaps the street
could be narrowed to some degree without harming its majesty. Certainly, its
alignment should be made straight and uniform. As for the Mall, the
single-biggest improvement would be the one few dare to speak in public: removal
of the Gateway One office building. And right behind it: removal of Richard
Serra's stark and forbidding steel corral.

Barrett M. Williams

St. Louis

If anyone decides to give an award for the stupidest idea of the year, I would
like to nominate the suggestion that Market Street be shrunk to a narrow,
two-lane, one-way, eastbound lane. Obviously, the person who thought up that
turkey has never seen Market Street before and after events at Busch Stadium or
Kiel Center. The street is jammed! He should also be downtown on the night of
April 15, when he could see three lines of headlights heading east and also
three lines of headlights heading west.

And how about the many parades that use Market? Will the marchers and band
members have to march single file up the country lane - the wrong way, of
course, unless all parades are ordered to start at Union Station, instead of
ending there, as is now the case.

Finally, consider the "brilliant" idea of making Chestnut Street one-way west,
where the west-bound cars can smash head-on to the east-bound cars coming off
the 20th Street exit from Highway 40. Dumb, dumb, dumb!

Alan P. Vierheller

St. Louis

===

Employee safety

Bill McClellan's Feb. 26 column about Matt Beyes asked the question, "Lucky or
smart?" Beyes used paint thinner in an attempt to remove epoxy from his eye.
McClellan credited Beyes for acting decisively after being sprayed in the face
with the epoxy.

The facts are that neither Beyes nor the company he works for are very smart.
It's the company's responsibility to see that its employees are trained to
perform their jobs in a safe manner and to wear proper protective equipment. Had
Beyes been wearing eye protection (safety glasses, goggles, face shield) he
wouldn't have been injured. Also, had he been properly trained, he would have
known not to drip paint thinner in his eye.

McClellan should know better than to make a hero of someone who so blatantly
disregards safe work procedures.

Gary Vandiver

Ballwin

===

Tough but fair

Police Chief Ron Henderson has put in long hours, working tirelessly to keep St.
Louis crime-free. And from what I have observed, he is tough but also fair and
impartial. Therefore, I cannot understand why he is suddenly being attacked by
the media. If he was in a regular job, and had earned vacation time, but needed
to keep working because of the extra load, he would automatically have been paid
extra to work his vacation. Just because he is police chief should not exclude
him from the same consideration that you or I would receive.

It's about time St. Louis citizens give credit where credit is due and let
Henderson and/or the media know how much we appreciate the job he has done for
our city. Crime continues to go down, and you can't get any better than that. I,
for one, say "thank you, Chief Henderson!"

Patricia Hahn

St. Louis

===

Penalty of death

In reply to Norman L. Hieronimus' March 11 letter, Scripture cannot be quoted
convincingly in modern times to justify the death penalty or to condemn it.
Those who use the Old Testament to advocate state-sponsored killing should also
note that it prescribes such killing for a wide variety of offenses, including
trespassing on sacred ground, profaning the Sabbath and showing disrespect to
one's parents.

Those who quote St. Paul in favor of the sword should note that his epistles
also condoned slavery and devalued marriage. And those who would argue from
Scripture for abolishing the death penalty can only cite the many instances of
divine and human compassion in both Testaments - not specific enough,
apparently, for death-penalty proponents.

On the other hand, some facts of contemporary civilization can be very
instructive in deciding what to think about capital punishment:

(1) The United States is the only Western democracy that has not abolished the
death penalty. On this issue we stand with the governments of Iran, Iraq and
China.

(2) Murder rates are lower in states that do not impose the death penalty.

(3) Due to inadequate representation and the hazards of legal bureaucracy, it is
more common than many people think for innocent indig ent people to be executed
or at least incarcerated on death row for decades. More than 400 cases have been
documented in this country from 1900 to 1991.

(4) The death penalty costs taxpayers considerably more than life imprisonment
with no possibility of parole.

These claims and others against capital punishment are easy to verify. Much
reliable material exists on the Web. And some excellent books are available,
including Hugo Adam Bedau's "The Death Penalty in America: Current
Controversies" (1998). Or try Helen Prejean's "Dead Man Walking," a non-fiction
account of experiences with both death-row prisoners and murder victims'
families, with carefully documented research and statistics.

Margaret Mangan

St. Louis

How dare the Post-Dispatch print Carman Deck's letter in the paper (March 13).

Isn't he the cold-blooded killer who stood at the foot of the bed for 10 minutes
holding James and Zelma Long hostage with a shotgun? Didn't they beg for their
lives during this time?

Deck wants to know the reason the families of the victims want to see him dead.
It's very simple. Do unto others, and, yes, they will feel relief after he is
executed. It is true it won't bring back the deceased, but at least after Deck
is executed, he can never hurt anyone else. The only problem is, we have to feed
and house him for another 10 years or longer.

How can Deck say we are no better than he? His death will be painless, whereas
Mr. and Mrs. Long's weren't.

Carman Deck, the only "why?" we want to ask is, "Why don't we execute the
killers the next day?"

Please do not allow another prison inmate to have his or her say in the paper
again. It only makes the public more angry and the feelings of Mr. and Mrs.
Long's family must be unbearable.

Sidney Smith

Barnhart

===

Minding children

In recent editorials concerning child care, the Post-Dispatch has taken the
extreme position that anyone with any type of criminal record is not qualified
to care for children. I would think that a check on the person's present
character and qualifications would be more fair than to banish them for life
because of a previous indiscretion. Granted, some people should not be
considered because of their past, but it is unfair to put all people in the same
category.

Second, the March 2 editorial implies that poor people do not care for their
children enough to do checks on the day-care provider. I assume that means that
those with higher incomes love their children more. This is an unfair and
unsubstantiated generalization. I believe that parents, regardl ess of their
economic state, care for and love their children equally. Likewise, parents of
all economic levels can ignore their children; it depends on the parent not his
or her income level.

Finally, is this really a crisis or simply a means for government to make one
more intrusion into our lives? I do not recall any statistics in either
editorial to justify this new law and addition to the already large bureaucracy.


Frank Serdy

West County

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              July 27, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: VIEWS & NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 827 words


As a longtime advocate for parents' rights, I appreciate the positive comments
you made about me in your recommendation for Hillsborough County School Board
countywide District 7. For 17 years, I've stood up for parents, children and
families in our community.

My work for more than five years and, finally, my op-ed in The Tampa Tribune,
returned Good Friday as a holiday by calling attention to the fact that the
board's experiment wasted more than $15 million. The incumbent voted
consistently to make Good Friday a school day in spite of the monetary loss and
the fact that the parents of more than 100,000 students kept their children home
when the board insisted on making it a school day.

The incumbent has voted against parents' rights on a wide variety of other
issues. From allowing students rather than parents to decide whether the student
should join a club that deals with sexual behavior to voting against
accountability and transparency on the multimillion-dollar Gates grant
"Empowering Effective Teachers" initiative, the incumbent has taken a position
that marginalizes parents' involvement in their children's education.

The incumbent has been in office for 20 years.

The question voters should ask is, "Are our children's educational outcomes
better than they were 20 years ago?" Those who agree that the answer is "no"
know what they need to do. Vote for Terry Kemple for Hillsborough County School
Board, District 7, on Aug. 14.

Terry Kemple

Brandon

Looking for 'seconds'

Regarding the article about "Bishop" Randy White's attempt to revive his
evangelistic Tampa ministry, all I can say is, oh my -- where do I begin?
("'Let's look to the future,'" front page, July 22)

It seems I have been hearing about the rise and fall of these so-called men of
God all my life. These money-grubbing, street-corner charlatans have been
preying upon the weak for as long as religion has been organized. White
essentially fleeced his flock for years, and now he is coming around for
seconds, thirds and fourths.

Let's add up the numbers again: White and ex-wife Paula's Without Walls Ministry
once brought in $55 million a year. Now White owes $22 million in mortgage debt
and at least $350,00 in bills at the church and its Lakeland complex. Where,
exactly, did all this money go? Well, if you live a lavish, jet-setting
lifestyle full of million-dollar mansions, private planes, plastic surgeries and
drug addiction, I suppose the money runs out quicker than one might expect.

I particularly enjoyed the part of the article which stated at a recent Without
Walls service White asked everyone to give an extra $1,000 toward settling the
church's accounts receivables. Those must be the same accounts receivables his
ministry ran into the ground. To ask for $1,000 from anyone in this economy
borders on criminal, in my opinion. And just as White refused to cooperate with
a U.S. Senate inquiry into the church's sketchy finances, it shows White has not
learned much about transparency or humility.

I am also very pleased to hear that White is planning to "downsize" his life.
His multimillion-dollar Bayshore Boulevard home is up for sale. And he is, God
forbid, down to just one car, a 5-year-old Bentley. I don't see how he'll be
able to cope with life with such a vehicle. What will people say?

To quote Bono from the rock group U2, "Well, the God I believe in isn't short of
cash, Mister." Perhaps White may one day truly live up to the framed card
hanging outside his office: "Honor. Integrity. Trust." Indeed!

James B. Scully

Tampa

Pray for revelation

There is nothing wrong with being rich. It is also acceptable to God for a
person to be poor. What is not acceptable is to exhort a congregation to give
money to a ministry without any accountability, and for the minister to live
extravagantly, buying million-dollar homes and luxury automobiles and traveling
in a jet airplane "owned by the ministry"' for vacations at exotic places. It is
also not acceptable to insist the ministry's accountant pay a $25,000-plus
American Express bill and, despite paying it, not leaving enough money to pay
the church's payroll. I have seen numerous ministries in my four decades as a
Christian where it is more about preacher/pastor/reverend than it is about
Jesus.

I'm not fit to make a judgment on the Rev. White. But after reading some of the
numerous stories in the Tribune's archive about him and his ex-wife and fellow
evangelist Paula White, I would ask them to examine their lives and pray for
God's revelation whether or not they may be guilty of the sins of pride, lust
(for possessions) and greed.

Dorsett Bennett

Lutz

Topping the devil

When will people learn that enabling someone like Randy White, Jim and Tammy
Faye Bakker, Joel Osteen and the Jimmy Swaggarts of the world does more to
denigrate their faith than the devil could ever do?

Donald Veasey

Brandon

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 26, 2005 Friday

How dare they label my kid (and me)

BYLINE: MARLENE SOKOL

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 556 words


By now they know to expect my call.

I'm barking at another school official, again about the word "choice."

As in this remark that the kids reported last week, from an administrator
addressing an unruly middle school bus:

"Most of you are choice students. We are not obligated to transport you to
school."

She was trying to scare the kids straight, and hats off to her for that. We all
agree that safety is paramount.

Still, that label. Choice.

Sneer understood.

I tell the principal, "Bub. My kid is as smart as anyone who goes to this school
(or works there, I think without saying).

"But she's still an impressionable adolescent. You don't get to label or
marginalize her."

He's very cordial. He promises to fix the problem, and assures me that in the
classroom the children are presumed equal. But he also quotes me some fine-print
codicil that says yes, my kid is in a distinct class and no, they are not
obligated to treat her exactly like the ones who live closer to the school.

Then off I go on a research tear to see if he is right.

I ask myself, blood still boiling, why am I doing this? For my child or for
myself?

Once you've been a parent long enough, you see where your ego gets all mixed up
with your child's achievements. It's sick how we celebrate their victories as
our own. And troubling how we rise to their defense when it might not be
necessary. Clearly my child will go farther in life than these nimrods I'm
yelling at.

Or will she?

Is there a grain of wisdom in my crusade, a well-founded cause for concern? This
classism that they exhibit, is it a hazard to her will to learn and her chances
for success?

Or do I feel insulted by proxy?

I have never identified with the poorer classes. But I live in a neighborhood
where, let's face it, you clean your own house and mow your own lawn. Is this
about my financial stature and the resulting self-esteem issues that I have yet
to work through? Is it more about these things than a kid who aced her gifted
math pretest without even trying?

Or am I right to fear that she, too, will feel the hot breath of condescension
and suffer, if only on some subconscious level, in these tender years?

Would I have served her better by buying a house in (forgive the stereotype)
Westchase? Does she need that veneer of entitlement like the raincoat she stuffs
in her  iPod backpack, a psychic shield against the rude and haughty slur?

Looking back, I remember how I turned off to school. The teachers in my hometown
went on strike for 13 weeks for higher pay. While they grubbed for money, my
whole crowd was lost to drugs.

Something switched off inside me. Cynicism set in. The system became something
to endure, not revere.

My daughter still talks wide-eyed about the teachers in her classroom and the
books at her bedside.

Mornings, she and her fellow bus riders gather in our living room to review each
other's homework. One wears makeup, the other two are fresh-scrubbed. They
rejoiced the day they mastered lockers. Everything's about who has a cell phone.

Let the hormones do it to them, I tell her principal. Let life turn them into
rebels and hooligans and dissolutes. Not the people who work in their school.
Not by accident, not on purpose, not through careless labeling and
insensitivity.

Let's give these children a fighting chance.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          September 11, 2001, Tuesday

EEOC RIPS MORGAN STANLEY

BYLINE: DEVLIN BARRETT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 038

LENGTH: 240 words


The head of the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission blasted Wall
Street yesterday as a haven for sexual discrimination and filed a lawsuit
charging Morgan Stanley mistreated as many as 100 women.

EEOC chief Cari Dominguez ripped into Morgan Stanley and other companies where
industry culture often isolates and marginalizes women.

She said the suit, filed in Manhattan federal court, is the result of an
"endemic problem that has plagued the securities industry for more than two
decades."

Dominguez said female employees are forced to cower under a glass ceiling
created by male bosses who dish out career-killing abuse to anyone who
complains.

"All too often, employees in Wall Street firms are reluctant to complain about
discriminatory treatment for fear of retaliation or worse," she said. "It's been
called aeKiss your Wall Street career goodbye.' "

The lawsuit centers around former executive Allison Schieffelin, who was fired
from Morgan Stanley last year after a long fight over her charges that the
company had barred her from promotions and raises.

"Morgan Stanley destroyed my career," Schieffelin said yesterday. "They
destroyed everything that I had put my heart and soul into for 15 years."

Morgan Stanley spokeswoman Judy Hitchen said Schieffelin was fired after she got
into an "abusive confrontation" with a female co-worker who later got the job
that Schieffelin said she was denied.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Pope Francis says church should seek forgiveness from LGBT people;
On a flight from Armenia back to the Vatican, Pope Francis said that he agreed
that gays, as well as all others marginalized by the Catholic church and
Christians generally, deserve an apology.

BYLINE: Gretel Kauffman Staff

SECTION: World

LENGTH: 465 words


The LGBT community and other marginalized groups deserve an apology from
Catholics, said Pope Francis on Sunday.

Speaking to reporters on a plane en route from Armenia to Rome, Francis said
that the church "must not only apologize...to a gay person it offended, but we
must apologize to the poor, to women who have been exploited, to children forced
into labor, apologize for having blessed so many weapons."

The statement was prompted by a reporter asking whether Francis agreed with
German Cardinal Reinhard Marx, one of his top advisors, who said at a conference
in Dublin last week that as a society "we've also to say 'sorry, sorry'" to LGBT
people.

"The history of homosexuals in our societies is very bad because we've done a
lot to marginalize [them]," Cardinal Marx said.

When asked on Sunday whether an apology from the church was made more urgent by
the mass shooting at Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Fla., earlier this month,
Francis replied that LGBT people "should not be discriminated against. They
should be respected, accompanied pastorally."

Francis first distinguished his position on homosexuality from that of his
predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI, shortly after his election in 2013, when he said
of gay priests, "If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good
will, who am I to judge?"

It was a distinct change in tone from Benedict XVI, who had previously written
that homosexuality was "a strong tendency ordered toward an intrinsic moral
evil" and that men with "deep-seated homosexual tendencies" should not become
priests.

"The most astonishing thing to me is that [Francis's] predecessor was indeed
focused on following rules, on highlighting doctrine, on placing strict
adherence to moral teaching above just about everything else," Peter Ellard,
director of the Reinhold Niebuhr Institute of Religion and Culture at Siena
College, told The Christian Science Monitor's Harry Bruinius in 2013. "The
message seems clear: Francis has another idea. It is truly an exciting time."

Speaking on Sunday, Francis repeated a variation of his famous comment.

"The questions is: if a person who has that condition, who has good will, and
who looks for God, who are we to judge?" he said.

According to Church teachings, homosexual tendencies are not sinful but
homosexual acts are, and that gays and lesbians should practice chastity.

While "there are "some [gay] demonstrations that are too offensive for some,"
that does not justify marginalization or discrimination, Francis said.

"We Christians have to apologize for so many things, not just for this
[treatment of gays], but we must ask for forgiveness, not just apologize!" he
told reporters. "Forgiveness! Lord, it is a word we forget so often!"

This report contains material from Reuters and the Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Lhota bops Blas cop-out Blasts Dem's flip on NYPD

BYLINE: Sally Goldenberg and Yoav Gonen

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 585 words


Republican mayoral nominee Joe Lhota on Friday called Bill de Blasio "soulless"
- following the front-running Democrat's flip-flop on the issue of a
­court-ordered NYPD monitor.

While campaigning for primary votes, de Blasio staunchly backed a judge's
decision to establish stringent oversight of the department and reform the
stop-and-frisk practice.

But now that he's courting moderate voters, de Blasio has changed his tune and
on John Gambling's WOR radio show called the monitor just "a temporary reality."

"When we have a new police commissioner in place with a strong and independent
inspector general, with our profiling bill that's just been passed, I don't
­expect that that situation with the federal monitor is going to go on too long.
I think it's something that we'll work through," he said.

Pressed by Gambling whether his position meant he would try to marginalize the
monitor, de Blasio said he only meant that he would work with Manhattan federal
Judge Shira Scheindlin.

"I'm saying if we're constructive and cooperative and keep moving toward the
reforms that I believe in and I know her ruling suggests, we will get it done,"
he said. "And I think it'll hasten the day when the monitor is no longer
needed."

The remarks provoked harsh criticism from Lhota.

"You can't have it both ways," Lhota said. "You're either for a monitor or
you're against a ­monitor.

"He's for a monitor when he's a candidate, he's against a monitor when he's
mayor?" Lhota said while accepting the endorsement of Staten Island Borough
President James Molinaro.

"You're going to flip-flop like that all in one conversation? It talks about
somebody who has no soul."

Scheindlin in August named a lawyer to monitor the NYPD and a facilitator to
help administer the reforms. The city is appealing her decision.

De Blasio said the monitor shouldn't be permanent but he offered no timetable
for the job.

"I don't project a timeline. That's something we'd have to work out in
practice," he said. "I'll say this much: My goal will be to move along the
process as quickly as possible . . . Get the work done and continue with the
work of the NYPD."

De Blasio for a second straight day offered murky answers when asked about a
rise in shootings since the judge's decision.

"When we see substantial changes [in tactics] made over substantial periods of
time, then we can talk about what's working and what's not working," he said.
"But it hasn't even happened yet."

Lhota blasted de Blasio for not offering any real solutions to the bloodshed,
which the Republican attributed to Scheindlin's ruling and City Council bills
that call for an NYPD inspector general and an end to racial profiling.

"Those actions alone have had a significant impact," Lhota said.

"And the fact of the matter is, when asked about it, Bill de Blasio's response
was, 'We need to have better relations between the community and the Police
Department.' "

"How do you explain to the mother of a young child who was murdered how
community relations is going to deal with the fact that crime is going up?"
Lhota asked, referring to 16-month-old Antiq Hennis, who was slain last month
during gang gunplay in Brooklyn.

----

Meet Mr. Flip-Flop

AUGUST 12

The day a judge appointed a monitor to oversee stop-and-frisk:

"Under the Bloomberg Administration ... millions of innocent New Yorkers ...
have been illegally stopped."

FRIDAY

"[The monitor is] a temporary reality."

sally.goldenberg@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On the Chuck wagon: Bill de Blasio accepts the endorsement of Sen.
Charles Schumer outside Brooklyn Borough Hall on Friday. [Paul Martinka]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 18, 2012 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Santorum's Gospel of Inequality

BYLINE: By CHARLES M. BLOW

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1006 words


''Santorum Praises Income Inequality.''

That was Fox News's headline about Rick Santorum's speech at the Detroit
Economic Club on Thursday. Santorum said, ''I'm not about equality of result
when it comes to income inequality. There is income inequality in America. There
always has been and, hopefully, and I do say that, there always will be.''

Unbelievable. Maybe not, but stunning all the same.

Then again, Santorum is becoming increasingly unhinged in his public comments.
Last week, he said that the president was arguing that Catholics would have to
''hire women priests to comply with employment discrimination issues.''

Also last week, he suggested that liberals and the president were leading
religious people into oppression and even beheadings. I kid you not. Santorum
said: ''They are taking faith and crushing it. Why? When you marginalize faith
in America, when you remove the pillar of God-given rights, then what's left is
the French Revolution. What's left is a government that gives you rights. What's
left are no unalienable rights. What's left is a government that will tell you
who you are, what you'll do and when you'll do it. What's left in France became
the guillotine.''

Yet for Santorum to champion income inequality in Detroit, of all places, is
still incredibly tone-deaf.

Detroit has the highest poverty rate of any big city in America, according to
data provided by Andrew A. Beveridge, a demographer at Queens College. Among the
more than 70 cities with populations over 250,000, Detroit's poverty rate topped
the list at a whopping 37.6 percent, more than twice the national poverty rate.
And according to the Census Bureau, median household income in Detroit from
2006-10 was just $28,357, which was only 55 percent of the overall U.S. median
household income over that time.

This is a city that last year announced plans to close half its public schools
and send layoff notices to every teacher in the system.

This is a city where the mayor's pledge to demolish 10,000 abandoned structures
was seen as only shaving the tip of the iceberg because, as The Wall Street
Journal reported in 2010, ''the city has roughly 90,000 abandoned or vacant
homes and residential lots, according to Data Driven Detroit, a nonprofit that
tracks demographic data for the city.''

This is not the place to praise income inequality. Last week, at a hearing
before the Senate Budget Committee, Kent Conrad, the chairman of that committee,
laid out the issue as many Americans see it:

''The growing gap between the very wealthy and everyone else has serious
ramifications for the country. It hinders economic growth, it undermines
confidence in our institutions, and it goes against one of the core ideals of
this country -- that if you work hard and play by the rules, you can succeed and
leave a better future for your kids and your grandkids.''

This is arguably even more true of people in Michigan than for the rest of us.
Even though income inequality in the Detroit area isn't particularly high,
looking at the issue as an urban one in the case of cities like Detroit is
problematic. The whole region took a hit. The comparison for cities like Detroit
may be more intra-city than inter-city.

As Willy Staley argued in 2010 in an online column for Next American City
magazine: ''In richer cities, the inequality is put side-by-side, in an
uncomfortable, loathsome way; for cities left in the dust of
deindustrialization, the inequality is presents (sic) as existing between
cities, not within them. Gone is the city/suburb divide between rich and poor,
income inequality manifests itself within wealthy cities and between cities.''

And it is this feeling of being left behind by the American economy and
abandoned by Republicans that is pushing Michigan into the blue. Public Policy
Polling, a Democratic polling company, found this week that Obama would handily
defeat all the Republican candidates in head-to-head matchups in the state. The
company's president, Dean Debnam, said in a statement: ''Michigan is looking
less and less like it will be in the swing state column this fall.'' He
continued, ''Barack Obama's numbers in the state are improving, while the
Republican field is heading in the other direction.''

Santorum went on to say about income inequality during his speech on Thursday:
''We should celebrate like we do in the small towns all across America -- as you
do here in Detroit. You celebrate success. You build statues and monuments.
Buildings, you name after them. Why? Because in their greatness and innovation,
yes, they created wealth, but they created wealth for everybody else. And that's
a good thing, not something to be condemned in America.''

Santorum might want to take a walk around Detroit to see who's celebrating and
to see how many statues he can find to honor people who simply invented
something and got rich.

Furthermore, as a newspaperman and a former Detroiter, I'd like to direct him to
the James J. Brady Memorial. Detroit1701.org, maintained by a University of
Michigan emeritus professor, calls it ''one of the more attractive memorials in
Detroit.'' It pays tribute to Brady, a federal tax collector, who set out to
address the issue of child poverty in the city by founding the Old Newsboys'
Goodfellows of Detroit Fund in 1914 -- what is essentially a local welfare fund.

The group provides ''warm clothing, toys, books, games and candy'' to local
children every Christmas in addition to sending poor children to summer camps,
the dentist and to college.

Then again, charitable giving doesn't appear to be high on Motor Mouth
Santorum's list of priorities. As The Washington Post pointed out, based on
Santorum's tax return disclosure this week, he has given the least amount to
charity of the four presidential candidates who have disclosed their tax
returns. (Ron Paul has not.) His charitable giving was just 1.8 percent of his
adjusted gross income.

The Obamas were the highest, giving 14.2 percent, even though their income was
second lowest.

Maybe that's the imbalance we should praise.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART: Motown: No.1 On the Poverty Top 40: Cities with the highest
percentages of poverty, among cities with populations over 250,000. (Fortytwo
cities are listed due to ties.) (Source: Data provided by Andrew A. Beveridge of
Queens College)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

MARGINALIZING STATE'S VOTERS

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 431 words


Gall. Shamelessness. Hypocrisy. Self-interest. All were on display Monday as the
Florida House approved a constitutional amendment designed to let politicians
keep picking voters.

House Joint Resolution 7231 is designed to thwart Amendments 5 and 6 on the
November ballot that attempt to reduce the gerry-mandering that produces too
many safe districts, marginalizes voters in the name of empowering them and
further polarizes our politics. Amendments 5 and 6 state simply that political
districts "may not be drawn to favor or disfavor any political party or
incumbent." Isn't that what most voters want?

It is not, of course, what the two men in line to lead the Legislature want. The
presumed 2011 Senate president, Mike Haridopolos, R-Indialantic, and House
speaker, Dean Cannon, R-Winter Park, want to use the 2010 Census numbers to draw
congressional and legislative seats that most benefit their party. Once
Amendments 5 and 6 made the ballot, the Republican leadership began drafting
competing legislation. With the House having acted, the Senate takes up its
version (SJR 2288) today.

Rep. Cannon said there was nothing sneaky about the move. Voters deserve "a free
marketplace of ideas." This from the Legislature that refused any competing
ideas on teacher pay. Here's the real story:

Republicans claim that their amendment is necessary to protect districts
represented by minorities. But as we saw a decade ago, the GOP tactic is to cram
as many African-Americans -- who tend to vote Democratic -- into as few
districts as possible. Black Floridians thus have representatives, but no
influence. At the same time, Republicans spread GOP Hispanics, giving them
representatives and influence. Democratic Hispanics should not expect similar
treatment if the status quo prevails.

Since the 1992 redistricting, when Democrats controlled Tallahassee, this
newspaper has argued for an independent commission or some other change that
will make it harder for politicians to pick their voters. Not surprisingly,
Amendments 5 and 6 reached the ballot through a petition drive. Neither party
wants to surrender power that so serves politicians at the expense of voters.

In 2002, Republicans cut deals with black Democrats for their support of what
could be billed as a "bipartisan" redistricting map. Surely, such deals have
been made this year -- say, the promise to draw a favorable congressional
district. The spectacle Monday made clear why Amendments 5 and 6 should be on
the ballot by themselves. Given the choice between the people and power,
politicians will go with power every time.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

It takes common sense

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1132 words


James W. Mitchell (Your Views, Jan. 16) doesn't think Sarah Palin was qualified
to be vice president. He said the heads of state we deal with aren't hockey
moms. No, Mr. Mitchell, most of them are socialists or dictators! Congress is
short on statesmen and stateswomen. Are they qualified to represent us?

Mitchell needs to compare Palin's experience with the heavy-handed professional
politicians in Congress. She might not know how to deal with "60 Minutes," but
common sense got her a good job with Fox News Network.

We need to fill Congress with those who know the difference between a snow job
and the cold war. That takes common sense. Palin's at the top of my list when it
comes to common sense issues. She's not only qualified to be vice president,
she's qualified to be president. You go, girl!

V. Midge Sullivan, Oklahoma City

MORE QUALIFIED

James W. Mitchell (Your Views, Jan. 16) claims he was alarmed by statements from
John McCain campaign strategist Steve Schmidt about Sarah Palin. Those
statements defy common sense and have been publicly rebutted by her. The
statements were obviously made in an attempt to marginalize her. Palin wasn't
running for president, but she was more qualified to be president than the
current occupant of the White House, who had little experience in governing.
Current events seem to confirm this fact. An example is trying terrorists in
civilian courts with citizen rights and privileges.

As for Schmidt, he obviously has his own agenda that includes trying to repair
his own image after his failures in strategies for the McCain campaign. Those
include limiting Palin's public appearances.

Nathan Ficklin, Sulphur

FOR ALL TO SEE

In response to James W. Mitchell (Your Views, Jan. 16): Personal attacks are the
only tool the left has in its bag of tricks; it can make no legitimate
philosophical argument on principles. Sarah Palin is a great threat to them.
Baseless, vicious slander of her and her family began immediately when she
joined the McCain campaign. In terms of her fitness for office, she's had far
more successful governmental executive experience than has our current
president. She's considerably more faithful to the Constitution, her own country
and the great American dream. Now that she's a Fox News Channel personality, the
truth will be out for all to see.

Ronald Bouwman, Oklahoma City

THEY HAD TO KNOW

James W. Mitchell (Your Views, Jan. 16) wrote that Sarah Palin wasn't qualified
to be vice president and that John McCain campaign strategist Steve Schmidt knew
she wasn't qualified. I submit that Palin was more qualified to be vice
president than Barack Obama is to be president and his campaign managers had to
know that.

Bob Salmon, Norman

THE SAME PORTRAYAL

In response to James W. Mitchell (Your Views, Jan. 16): According to a "60
Minutes" segment, Sarah Palin is supposedly too dumb to come in out of the rain
and Mitchell bought this hook, line and sinker. This is the same portrayal of a
long list of good, honest and intelligent people, painted by liberals or
unorthodox reporters knowing they will get press time spouting this type of
idiotic verbiage. Mr. Mitchell, think for yourself for a change!

Pat Read, Oklahoma City

BIDEN'S BLUNDER

In response to James W. Mitchell (Your Views, Jan. 16): During the 2008
campaign, six-term U.S. Sen. (and now Vice President) Joe Biden was asked in an
interview what the president should do about our current economic recession. "He
should go on TV like FDR did when the Depression hit in 1929 and talk to the
people," Biden said. Of course, FDR wasn't president until 1933 and there was no
commercial TV until 1939, but the liberal media let it go. If Sarah Palin or any
conservative made such an ignorant statement, the liberals would go nuts!

Joe Ralls, Moore

THIS IS WHY

In response to James W. Mitchell (Your Views, Jan. 16): How does being a
"community organizer" qualify you to be president? At least Sarah Palin had run
a state and done so effectively. She got rid of corrupt politicians on both
sides of the aisle and returned oil revenue to the people. She is "outside the
Beltway" and appeals to the everyday person. This is why the left is so scared
of her.

Michael L. Killgore, Oklahoma City

CLEAR THE BACKLOG

Regarding "Vets' claims being rejected" (news feature, Jan. 10): I've been
working on my claim since 2004. I along with a group of veterans and widows of
veterans have been actively lobbying Congress since last May for passage of the
Agent Orange Equity Act. We've garnered 226 co-sponsors on the House side and 12
on the Senate side. The majority of the backlog claims at the Department of
Veterans Affairs is from claims that have been, like mine, put off for years. If
this bill becomes law, thousands of claims could easily be approved and the
backlog would disappear.

Dale Bishop, Choctaw

SAFE HAVEN

As a local immigration attorney, I'm saddened for the people of Haiti. My
prayers and thoughts go out to them, their friends and their family. The
earthquake was devastating and horrific. I hope our government will allow
temporary protected status for Haitian-born individuals who live in the United
States. This would establish a safe haven for Haitians, as the earthquake has
caused a substantial disruption in the living conditions in Haiti.

Milissa R. Tipton-Dunkins,

Oklahoma City

TILTING TOWARD LOGIC

I'm a 93-year-old retired professional engineer. I've spent most of my life
studying science and I've learned to doubt many scientific theories that defy
logic. I doubt that carbon dioxide is causing earth warming. If a layer of
carbon dioxide is holding heat to the earth, why aren't our winters warmer? A
logical reason is that the earth's axis has tilted. A slight tilt of the poles
toward the sun in the summer will cause melting of the polar ice caps and cause
our winters to be a little colder.

I don't believe we have any control over the weather. I do believe that we can
control the purity of the air we breathe. Trees will take carbon out of carbon
dioxide and release oxygen for us to breathe. Less burning of carbon will also
help. If the Chinese prefer to pollute their air to make a fast buck, they will
pay for it with their own lives.

W.A. Gardner, Duncan

A CRUEL JOKE

Highway funding is the most questionable public spending item in Oklahoma or
anywhere else. For employment potential, it renders nothing and the cost per
mile is a cruel joke. Do the math: The state has spent $228 million in stimulus
money on highway projects employing 6,785 people for 1.3 million man hours. Each
of the 6,785 was employed for 192 hours, or 4.8 weeks. The cost of that 4.8
weeks is $33,603 per person or $7,000 per week per person! I'm sure that the guy
putting up barricades would be amazed at how much he's earning.

Jerry Stang, Yukon

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Sarah Palin
Photo 2: A boy injured during last week's earthquake is treated Monday at the
Israeli Field Hospital.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            March 20, 2008 Thursday

About This Job

BYLINE: BETSY McCAUGHEY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 663 words


When Lieutenant Governor Paterson announced on March 13 that he would assume the
duties of the governor of New York State in five days, he said he felt like the
"student who's getting ready for the final exam" but didn't "attend any
classes." As a former lieutenant governor I felt for him.

Behind his self-deprecating comment is a lesson for all states that rely on a
lieutenant governor to become a successor in the event a governor cannot serve.

Since 1900, 51 governors have died in office, and many others, from George W.
Bush in Texas to John Rowland in Connecticut, have vacated office to assume a
higher office, face criminal charges, quell scandal, or for other reasons.
Succession is vital.

Unfortunately, it is almost always the case that governors marginalize their
lieutenant governor, excluding the number two from cabinet meetings and
day-to-day administration. That leaves the lieutenant governor facing the test
without the necessary knowledge. Imagine corporate CEOs routinely excluding
their number two from involvement or knowledge of day-to-day operations.
Shareholders and the board of directors would insist on better management
practices. When Nelson Rockefeller was governor of New York and campaigning for
the presidency, he leaned on Lieutenant Governor Wilson to literally run the
state, but that was exceptional. Lieutenant Governor Krupsak was excluded from
virtually all meetings with the governor's inner circle and was barely on
speaking terms with Governor Carey.

Mario Cuomo's first lieutenant governor, Al Delbello, quit in exasperation at
having so little involvement in state matters. Mary Donahue once told the New
York Times that she held onto her job as no. 2 "by doing for Mr. Pataki what a
governor really wants from a lieutenant governor, praising him and staying out
of the way."

That probably is what most governors want, but the public should ask for more
cooperation so that what the state constitution promises can actually occur:
transition to a prepared leader.

In New York State, the lieutenant governor presides over the upper house of the
legislature and has every opportunity to master pending legislation and the
state budget line by line. I did, and David Paterson, who has served in the
legislature for 23 years, assuredly has too.

But there are other executive matters such as the insurance department, health
department, state police, prison system, etc., that a lieutenant governor needs
to be informed about as well.

By the way, the same lesson applies to vice presidents. Harry Truman was
sidelined during most of Franklin Delano Roosevelt's tenure, even when the
president's health was failing.

As David McCullough relates in his Truman biography, the vice president was
sitting in a Capitol office sipping whiskey and talking politics on the
afternoon of April 12, 1945, when he was summoned to the White House. He was
immediately ushered into Eleanor Roosevelt's second floor study, where the first
lady told him the president had died. Stunned, Truman asked the first lady if he
could help her in some way. She replied, "Is there anything we can do for you,
you're the one in trouble now."

One of the most urgent problems was that Truman lacked knowledge about national
security issues when he was thrust into the presidency.

Today, gubernatorial candidates often choose a running mate for gender balance
or racial or geographical diversity, and the two candidates campaign together,
projecting a picture of cooperation and closeness. If they manage to win, the
togetherness often comes to an abrupt halt.

The public should learn from recent events in New York. Mr. Paterson said, "I
feel that I'm sitting on a sand castle that other people built." There's more
than a grain of truth in his humble admission. State constitutions provide for
succession, but it's up to the governor to help make it successful.

Ms. McCaughey, a former lieutenant governor of New York State, is an adjunct
senior fellow at the Hudson Institute.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 11, 2005 Tuesday

Senators hope Abbas brings policy changes

BYLINE: Phil Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 306 words


SPRINGFIELD -- Illinois' two U.S. senators said Monday they hope newly elected
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas will distance himself from the
policies of his late predecessor, Yasser Arafat.

"I think the Palestinian people with that vote are saying, 'We want change,'"
Sen. Dick Durbin said during an appearance Monday in Springfield. "We do not
want to continue this tailspin of terrorism that has doomed the Palestinian
people and their aspirations."

Echoing his fellow Democrat's sentiments, U.S. Sen. Barack Obama said Abbas' win
on Sunday is a step in the right direction. Obama, in town to open his
Springfield Senate office, added that the United States should reach out to the
new president as quickly as possible.

"Hopefully we can get him to join in the process that's continuing to
marginalize the terrorist factions within the Palestinian movement," Obama said.
"I think all of us are hopeful that the Palestinian people recognize that
violence isn't the answer to their problems."

The Palestinians are still reeling from years of armed uprising that Arafat, who
died in November, supported. Though Abbas on Sunday offered his victory to the
soul of Arafat, he has called for an end to the militarization of the
Palestinian uprising in campaign speeches.

Durbin said Arafat reached the point where he was not looking to solve problems
but sadly was part of the problem himself.

Durbin, the Democrats' deputy leader in the Senate, emphasized the Palestinian
people need a good leader who will work toward a peaceful solution with the
Israelis.

"The Israelis, with such a leader, need to accept the responsibility to step up
and negotiate," he said.

Obama said the United States should find out what Abbas' plans and intentions
are and figure out to be supportive in the ongoing struggle to reform the
government.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Barack Obama Dick Durbin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 05, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

Meet the Candidate Who Can't Get Coverage

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. C08; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 466 words


I am the invisible candidate -- that is, at least in the eyes of The Post.

Although I am running for mayor as the candidate of the District's third-largest
party, the D.C. Statehood Party, I barely rate a mention in The Post. And when I
do get ink, it is in such a way as to marginalize my candidacy.

For example, I was dismayed by Michael Powell's June 5 Metro article ["Mayoral
Candidates Court Labor in Debates"] that had me saying, I "promised to go to
jail before laying off workers."

This not only was a misquotation, but it was taken out of context, with the
result that I sounded like someone who would not fire any employee for any
reason. In fact, I have had the responsibility for firing employees at various
points in my life, and I know what kind of toll firing takes on people. I know
when it must be done, and I have the guts to do it, face-to-face, when it is
necessary.

In prefacing my above-referenced "quotation," I intimated that some mayoral
candidates had allowed themselves to be used in a political game in which the
residents of the District were the pawns.

What I actually said is, "There are some actions that occurred in the last few
years that I would have refused to do." I also said I would not make a blanket
decision to lay off "10,000 District employees overnight," but I never promised
to protect anyone's job without question. That would be silly, but that is how
The Post made me appear. I also note that the reporter revealed his political
slant by referring to my party as "the reliably leftist Statehood Party." On
June 10, the same reporter covered a debate in which I participated in
Tenleytown [Metro]. This time, he said that I wanted to "first and foremost,
protect workers' rights."

However, I made it clear that night that my top issue is reordering our
government's priorities to invest in human assets, such as education; youth
programs including counseling and mentoring; after-school recreation; public
libraries, etc.

"First and foremost," I said again and again, is the need to invest in our
public schools, cutting class size in half and thereby providing the interaction
with adults that our children need.

I do not shy away from workers' rights, but The Post makes me appear
one-dimensional at best. A third article, on June 18 in the District Weekly,
once again referred to me as the "leftist" candidate, while paraphrasing the
earlier articles.

Anyone who has heard me speak knows that I talk about specific and wide-ranging
proposals to reorder our city's priorities. Why is The Post reluctant to cover
the full range of issues?

Citizens deserve the truth -- the whole truth -- and the District needs to look
at all its options this time around, including my candidacy.

-- John Gloster

LOAD-DATE: July 05, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Verdict is in: No room for racism

BYLINE: By Michael Hartwell, mhartwell@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 724 words


FITCHBURG -- Fitchburg State University marked Constitution Day with a panel
discussion about allegations of racism in the criminal justice system, with a
focus on Massachusetts and Worcester County.

Paul Weizer, FSU interim vice president of academic affairs and the panel
moderator, said Wednesday was 227 years to the date that the U.S. Constitution
was signed in 1787. It guarantees equal protection under the law, but the panel
focused on claims made in the book "The New Jim Crow" by Michelle Alexander,
which alleges that the U.S. judicial system harms and holds back black men.

The book is being featured as FSU's "common community read" where all students
and faculty are expected to read the book this year.

Eric Boehme, a political science assistant professor at FSU, championed the
book. He said blacks are scrutinized more heavily by police, convicted more
often and given harsher sentences in the court system, and once released as
felons they are blocked from certain jobs, public housing and student loans.

"She sees this as a whole system to marginalize people," said Boehme.

He borrowed her comparison of the criminal justice system to a bird cage. When
individual components are examined, like wires in a bird cage, they don't look
like real obstacles, but their combined formation makes them impenetrable.

He cited the war on drugs as a major tool used to oppress blacks and Latinos.

Worcester District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. said he agreed with some but not
all of the book. One point he agreed with was a criticism of the militarization
of police departments, such as using surplus military equipment the federal
government wants to get rid of.

"We don't need any tanks," said Early. "When I see those pictures it makes me
shudder."

Early said his office prosecutes blacks the same as anyone else.

"We make recommendations on jail time based on the crime," he said. He said most
of the arrests come from a police response to calls made from within the
neighborhoods where the crime has occurred, not from an overarching police
strategy that targets impoverished blacks.

"I don't think we can arrest our way out of the problem, I don't think we can
prosecute our way out," said Early.

He said there are no easy answers, but they've put a lot of effort into
prevention of drug and alcohol addiction and domestic violence in schools, but
with more than 40 overdose deaths in Worcester since July 1 there is a role for
the judicial system in drug crimes.

"I'd much rather prevent a crime than try to solve a crime," he said. Early said
he's also given young people community service for first-time drug arrests.

Michael Grant has spent more than 30 years working for the Massachusetts
Department of Corrections and is now the deputy commissioner of the prison
division. The only black person on the panel, he said education and economic
situations, not merely race, are the biggest factor in who becomes incarcerated.

"The good majority of our folks are arrested for crimes against a person," said
Grant, not drugs.

He said the average male inmate is about 40 years old and has between a 5th or
6th grade education. They work hard to make sure that people leave less
"damaged" then when they come in and try to get them to earn a high school
diploma equivalent.

Worcester Superior Court Public Defender's Office Attorney in Charge Michael S.
Hussey was the final panelist. He lives in Worcester and said he sees many young
black men come through his office, but few of them around the community.

Hussey said the issue is not overt racism, but implicit biases everyone carries
that many are unaware of. He said it's not a matter of the criminal justice
system being racist, but impacting different races unequally.

"I agree with major tenet that the war on drugs has been a disaster on all
society, especially communities of color," said Hussey.

He said that blacks and Latinos make up about 20 percent of the population in
Boston, but 53 percent of the inmate population.

Hussey said there is a place for punishment in the judicial system, saying there
are serious crimes that need jail sentences and the removal of dangerous people
from society.

"But there's a lot more that needs to be done in rehabilitation and
reintegration into society," he said.

Follow Michael Hartwell at facebook.com/michaelhartwell or on Twitter or Tout
@Sehartwell.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Worcester District Attorney Joseph D. Early Jr. makes a point during a
Constitution Day forum on allegations of racism in the criminal-justice system
at Fitchburg State University Wednesday. Eric Boehme, a political science
assistant professor at FSU, looks on. SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE / JOHN LOVE Sentinel
and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.
Michael Grant, deputy commissioner of the Department of Corrections' prison
division, speaks during the forum. SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE / JOHN LOVE Sentinel
and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Us Reviews College Inquiries Into Criminal Background Of Students;
Higher Education County Schools Say Infractions Don't Automatically Exclude
Admittance

BYLINE: Lindsey Blest

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 791  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


LINDSEY BLEST

LBLEST@LNPNEWS.COM

The U.S. Department of Education wants colleges and universities to reconsider
the way they present criminal background inquiries on their applications.

The agency recently released a guide that argues such inquiries reduce the
number of applications from people who have been charged with a crime.

The guide comes amid growing concerns that admissions questions marginalize
black applicants, according to a report by The New York Times.

Secretary of Education John B. King Jr. said the guide "offers recommendations
for designing admissions policies that offer a diverse and qualified student
body without creating unnecessary barriers for prospective students who have
been involved with the justice system, but who are now seeking to lead
successful and law-abiding lives."

Some of the recommendations include: delaying requests for such information
until after an admission decision has been made; avoiding use of ambiguous
criminal justice terms such as "other crimes"; clearly defining what information
doesn't need to be disclosed; avoiding overly broad requests about criminal
history; including a time limit on criminal background data; and inquiring about
convictions, not arrests.

In Lancaster County, Millersville University and several colleges have varying
approaches to the criminal record question.

Some use the Common Application, a generic, third-party application used at more
than 600 institutions nationally.

Language on the Common Application is being amended for fall 2016. It will ask
if applicants have been convicted of a misdemeanor or felony, omitting a third
choice, "or other crimes."

Millersville University

Millersville University uses the Common Application and the Multi-University
Electronic Admissions Application through the Pennsylvania State System of
Higher Education.

Janet Kacskos, the university's director of communications, said about 56
percent of MU's applicants use the Multi-University application, while about 44
percent use the Common Application.

In response to the Department of Education's guide, Kacskos said MU will
continue to follow the standards set forth by both of the applications it uses.

Kenn Marshall, media relations manager for the Pennsylvania State System of
Higher Education, said state system universities ask applicants if they have
ever been convicted of a felony.

"The question is asked because of financial aid requirements," he said. "An
affirmative answer to the question does not necessarily preclude an applicant
from being considered for admission."

Elizabethtown College

Elizabethtown College also uses the Common Application as well as its own
application.

Paul Cramer, vice president for enrollment, said the college's application
process will not change.

"Elizabethtown's application process is very, very personalized. Whether there
is a check box or a free-form component to an application that talks about
disciplinary or criminal charges, we tend to learn about those things anyway,"
Cramer said.

Cramer also said Elizabethtown prioritizes safety on campus, which makes it
necessary for criminal records to be taken into account.

Lancaster Bible College

A question on Lancaster Bible College's application asks, "Have you ever been
charged with a criminal offense?" The answers include "yes," "no" and "if yes,
please explain."

Josh Beers Sr., vice president of student experience, said the college is
examining the Department of Education's request.

He said Lancaster Bible College's application is the start of the acceptance
process.

"If someone puts 'yes' on their application, it doesn't mean they are
automatically disqualified. It's part of a bigger conversation," Beers said.

"We're trying to get to know the student as a person; that's driving our
questions on our application to understand a student and their fit with LBC."

Pennsylvania College of Art & Design

The application for Pennsylvania College of Art & Design asks if prospective
students have been convicted of a misdemeanor, felony or other crime, with an
option to select "yes" or "no." A note tells applicants that they are not
required to answer "yes" to the question or provide an explanation if "the
criminal adjudication or conviction has been expunged, sealed, annulled,
pardoned, destroyed, erased, impounded, or otherwise ordered by a court to be
kept confidential."

Kathleen Smyser, the college's director of communications, said, "Should the
answer be answered 'yes,' we have a procedure in place to ensure a fair and
balanced review."

Other colleges

Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology does not include a criminal history
section on its application, and Franklin & Marshall College uses the Common
Application.

Calls to both colleges for comment were not immediately returned.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            April 29, 2010 Thursday

Transgenders still wait for their rights

BYLINE: Dianne Williamson

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 703 words


COLUMN: DIANNE WILLIAMSON

The following honest-to-God exchange went something like this last week, in a
local workplace that shall remain nameless. (O.K., it was here at the
newspaper):

"Did you hear about the bathroom bill?"

"What bathroom bill?"

"It'll allow transgender people to use whatever bathroom they want."

"What? Why do we need a bill so someone can use the bathroom?"

We don't, of course, but variations of this tete-a-tete have occurred across the
state since Charlie Baker, Republican candidate for governor, shamelessly dubbed
the transgender bill "the bathroom bill" in an effort to marginalize a move that
would extend legal protection to a misunderstood and much-maligned segment of
our population.

"We're not waiting for a law to pass so we can pee," noted Gunner Scott,
director of the Massachusetts Transgender Political Caucus. "It's not like we've
been holding it in all this time."

But transgender people have been waiting for the basic civil rights that most of
us take for granted. The bill, supported by Gov. Deval Patrick, would add
"gender identity and expression" to the state's discrimination and hate crime
laws, with the goal of giving transgender people legal protections at work, in
public accommodations, and in housing. In other words, it's a sensible, needed
measure to protect the small numbers of people who were born male but transition
to female, and vice versa.

The sky won't fall if this bill is passed, but you'd never know that if you
listen to opponents who say it will somehow spawn an epidemic of transgender
predators assaulting children in bathroom stalls. Such claims are absurd and
highly offensive to transgender people, who have no interest in commandeering
public restrooms, because they're too busy trying to live in peace and avoid
getting fired or evicted because of who they are.

Despite the harmlessness of this bill, an editorial in this newspaper claimed it
"poses dangers" because it would protect "flamboyant and provocative sexual
behavior that would run afoul of community standards," and no longer allow
landlords to "publicly object to behavior they find morally repugnant." Ugh.
Such outdated, reactionary rhetoric could be applied to other civil rights
movements of the past, including gay rights and marriage between blacks and
whites.

"That's just blatant ignorance," said Jesse Pack, 28, of Worcester, a WPI
graduate who transitioned from female to male when he was 19. "It implies that
we're all sexual deviants who are mentally unstable and dangerous. Most
transgender people are quiet, boring citizens who are just trying to live our
lives. But it's hard for people to understand if they haven't experienced what
we have."

Like many transgender people, Mr. Pack and Mr. Scott suffered from depression
and suicidal thoughts while they struggled for years with the nightmare of
trying to live in the wrong body.

"I was living my life in a body I felt wasn't mine," said Mr. Pack. "I was born
this way. I didn't choose it."

Mr. Scott, 40, lived in Worcester before he transitioned from female to male.
"When people aren't able to be who they are, it impacts their whole life," he
said.

But critics continue their scare campaign. The Massachusetts Family Institute
has run radio ads warning mothers about letting their young daughters use public
restrooms. Kris Mineau, president of the institute, said transgender people
suffer from a mental disorder and need treatment. Sound familiar?

And to opponents who argue that laws already protect transgender people, Mr.
Scott noted, "If we already have these laws on the books, I wouldn't get so many
calls from transgender people who have been fired or fear they're going to be
fired."

Through no fault of their own, these people haven't had it easy. Alison Lye, a
transgender female, said she was fired from her job at a publishing house in
1998 after she revealed that she planned to live as a woman. She said she
welcomes the bill's emergence as an issue in the governor's race and hopes it
will help educate those who fear what they don't understand.

"I realize that this issue is new to a lot of people," she said. "But welcome to
the 21st century."

Contact Dianne Williamson via e-mail at dwilliamson@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The following honest-to-God exchange went something like this last
week, in a local workplace that shall remain nameless. (O.K., it was here at the
newspaper): "Did you hear about the bathroom bill?" "What bathroom bill?" "It'll
allow transgender people to use whatever bathroom they want." "What? Why do we
need a bill so someone can use the bathroom?"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            April 29, 2010 Thursday

Transgenders still wait for their rights

BYLINE: Dianne Williamson

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; DIANNE WILLIAMSON; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 699 words


The following honest-to-God exchange went something like this last week, in a
local workplace that shall remain nameless. (O.K., it was here at the
newspaper):

"Did you hear about the bathroom bill?"

"What bathroom bill?"

"It'll allow transgender people to use whatever bathroom they want."

"What? Why do we need a bill so someone can use the bathroom?"

We don't, of course, but variations of this tete-a-tete have occurred across the
state since Charlie Baker, Republican candidate for governor, shamelessly dubbed
the transgender bill "the bathroom bill" in an effort to marginalize a move that
would extend legal protection to a misunderstood and much-maligned segment of
our population.

"We're not waiting for a law to pass so we can pee," noted Gunner Scott,
director of the Massachusetts Transgender Political Caucus. "It's not like we've
been holding it in all this time."

But transgender people have been waiting for the basic civil rights that most of
us take for granted. The bill, supported by Gov. Deval Patrick, would add
"gender identity and expression" to the state's discrimination and hate crime
laws, with the goal of giving transgender people legal protections at work, in
public accommodations, and in housing. In other words, it's a sensible, needed
measure to protect the small numbers of people who were born male but transition
to female, and vice versa.

The sky won't fall if this bill is passed, but you'd never know that if you
listen to opponents who say it will somehow spawn an epidemic of transgender
predators assaulting children in bathroom stalls. Such claims are absurd and
highly offensive to transgender people, who have no interest in commandeering
public restrooms, because they're too busy trying to live in peace and avoid
getting fired or evicted because of who they are.

Despite the harmlessness of this bill, an editorial in this newspaper claimed it
"poses dangers" because it would protect "flamboyant and provocative sexual
behavior that would run afoul of community standards," and no longer allow
landlords to "publicly object to behavior they find morally repugnant." Ugh.
Such outdated, reactionary rhetoric could be applied to other civil rights
movements of the past, including gay rights and marriage between blacks and
whites.

"That's just blatant ignorance," said Jesse Pack, 28, of Worcester, a WPI
graduate who transitioned from female to male when he was 19. "It implies that
we're all sexual deviants who are mentally unstable and dangerous. Most
transgender people are quiet, boring citizens who are just trying to live our
lives. But it's hard for people to understand if they haven't experienced what
we have."

Like many transgender people, Mr. Pack and Mr. Scott suffered from depression
and suicidal thoughts while they struggled for years with the nightmare of
trying to live in the wrong body.

"I was living my life in a body I felt wasn't mine," said Mr. Pack. "I was born
this way. I didn't choose it."

Mr. Scott, 40, lived in Worcester before he transitioned from female to male.
"When people aren't able to be who they are, it impacts their whole life," he
said.

But critics continue their scare campaign. The Massachusetts Family Institute
has run radio ads warning mothers about letting their young daughters use public
restrooms. Kris Mineau, president of the institute, said transgender people
suffer from a mental disorder and need treatment. Sound familiar?

And to opponents who argue that laws already protect transgender people, Mr.
Scott noted, "If we already have these laws on the books, I wouldn't get so many
calls from transgender people who have been fired or fear they're going to be
fired."

Through no fault of their own, these people haven't had it easy. Alison Lye, a
transgender female, said she was fired from her job at a publishing house in
1998 after she revealed that she planned to live as a woman. She said she
welcomes the bill's emergence as an issue in the governor's race and hopes it
will help educate those who fear what they don't understand.

"I realize that this issue is new to a lot of people," she said. "But welcome to
the 21st century."

Contact Dianne Williamson via e-mail at dwilliamson@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday

Mumbai terrorists have global agenda

BYLINE: Ashley J. Tellis

LENGTH: 1317 words


YaleGlobal

WASHINGTON - Whenever New Delhi points a finger at Pakistan in the aftermath of
a terrorist attack in India, a weary world seems to say, "Here we go again!" The
old enmity between the two countries can tire spectators who often quickly
dismiss Indian accusations of Pakistani malfeasance are little other than
political recriminations. Yet, the latest terrorist assault in Bombay -
involving 10 coordinated strikes that killed close to 20 and the capture of a
Pakistani terrorist, Azam Amir Kasab, from Faridkot - leaves no doubt about the
authenticity of the Indian charge. Whether or not the carnage in Bombay is
India's 9/11, the information now available abundantly confirms that it was not
the act of domestic malcontents - another "Oklahoma City."

The West would do well to take notice that this bloodbath was not the work of
homegrown militants aggrieved by India's failure to integrate its Muslim
minority but of the most dangerous Pakistani terrorist group, Lashkar-e-Taiba,
whose wider goals threaten not only secular India but also the West and even
Pakistan itself.

The early conclusion that the attack in Bombay was the work of disaffected
domestic protesters was arguably consoling because, if true, the threat to the
international community would indeed be minimal. Moreover, the contention that
New Delhi's terrorism problem is largely domestic marginalizes the extent of
foreign - primarily Pakistani - involvement in India's "million mutinies" and
accentuates the centrality of the unsettled dispute over Kashmir.

These inferences are false. As is now clear, the atrocity in Bombay was not
masterminded by internal subversives - even if there were individual Indian
participants. The meticulous planning, the enormous resources committed to a
complex mission across great distances and long periods of time, and the burdens
of a difficult sea-land operation, rule out virtually every indigenous terrorist
group in India, Muslim or otherwise.

The attacks involved months of training in Pakistan and extensive reconnaissance
of targets in Bombay; after these were complete, the terrorists appear to have
left Karachi by as yet unknown means, hijacked a fishing trawler on the high
seas and, upon reaching India's territorial waters, transferred to inflatable
speedboats which landed at two different locations on the city shores from
whence the assaults began. No domestic terrorist group has previously
demonstrated the capacity to undertake anything as complicated and it would
indeed be shocking if any did acquire such capacity unbeknownst to Indian or
Western intelligence.

All evidence points to LeT as the perpetrators of the killings in Bombay
conducted under the nom de guerre "Deccan Mujahideen" and reflecting its classic
modus operandi: suicidal attacks, but not suicide, involving small squads of
highly-armed individuals, intent on inflicting the largest numbers of casualties
at symbolic sites. Such violence is emphatically not directed at remedying the
grievances of India's Muslims or resolving the dispute over Kashmir.

Although LeT has long operated in the disputed state of Kashmir, it's not a
Kashmiri organization. Rather, it consists primarily of Pakistani Punjabis
financed, trained, armed and abetted by the Pakistani intelligence service, the
Inter-Services Intelligence - a product of the latter's war against the Indian
state dating back to the late 1980s.

LeT's objectives from the beginning have had less to do with Kashmir and more to
do with India and beyond. To begin with, India's achievement in becoming a
peaceful, prosperous, multi-ethnic and secular democracy remains an affront to
LeT's vision of a universal Islamist Caliphate begotten through tableegh, or
preaching, and jihad. Further, India's collaboration with the United States and
the West in general against terrorism has marked it as a part of what LeT calls
the detestable "American-Zionist-Hindu" axis that must be confronted by force.
Finally, New Delhi's emergence as a rising global power represents an impediment
to LeT's objective of, in the words of its leader, Hafiz Saeed, recovering "lost
Muslim lands" that once spanned much of Asia and Europe.

Given this ideology, the LeT attack is an attempt to cripple India's economic
growth, destroy national confidence in its political system, attack its open
society and provoke destabilizing communal rivalries, all while sending a
message that India will remain an adversary because its successes make it a
hindrance to LeT's larger cause. In this context, the struggle over Kashmir is
merely instrumental. To quote Saeed, Kashmir is merely a "gateway to capture
India" en route to LeT's other targets.

Such statements are not simply grandstanding. Outside of al-Qaida, LeT today
represents the most important South Asian terrorist group of "global reach."
With recruitment, fundraising and operations extend to Afghanistan, Iraq,
Central Asia, Europe, Africa and Australia, LeT has rapidly become a formidable
threat.

Washington's concern with al-Qaida, however justified, should not obscure the
reality of other terrorist groups in South Asia that seek to promote
obscurantist versions of Islam by attacking democratic societies. The United
States also ought not to be diverted by spurious analyses that link the carnage
in Bombay to the complaints of India's Muslims - however genuine those may be.
Whatever their grievances, the Indian Muslim resentment against the Bombay
attacks was most clearly exemplified by the refusal of every Muslim cemetery to
accept the bodies of the slain terrorists for burial.

The incoming Obama administration should also not be distracted by calls to
interject itself in resolving the Kashmir problem, because as Saeed had publicly
declared in an interview in 2001, "Our struggle will continue even if Kashmir is
liberated. We still have to take revenge for East Pakistan." Obviously, this
vendetta seems never ending. Saeed had given notice in 1999 that "jihad is not
about Kashmir only. About fifteen years ago, people might have found it
ridiculous if someone told them about the disintegration of the USSR. Today, I
announce the break-up of India, Insha-Allah. We will not rest until the whole
(of) India is dissolved into Pakistan."

The barbarity in Bombay thus represents the ugly face of Islamist terrorism that
threatens India, the United States and its allies, and the larger international
system, but fundamentally also Pakistan. Saeed has unequivocally declared that
the Lashkar intends to "plant the flag of Islam in Washington, Tel Aviv and New
Delhi." However absurd it might sound, his words could launch thousands of
zealots to commit horrible crimes worldwide.

Consequently, the United States cannot avoid the burden of confronting Islamabad
to rid itself of this group and other menacing outfits that utilize its
territory for loathsome ends. Arresting one or two of the alleged "masterminds,"
as Pakistan has now done in the face of U.S. pressure, simply will not do:
rather, the entire organization must be targeted and put out of business
permanently.

A good way to begin this process would be for the outgoing Bush administration
to publicly declare what it already knows to be the case: that LeT planned and
executed the deadly attacks in Bombay. In any event, it's in Pakistan's own
interest- to confront LeT's destructive ideology and subterranean links with the
ISI. Such an affray ought not to be precipitated because the United States or
India demand it, but because it is essential to the success of the civilian
government's own objective of transforming Pakistan.

No matter what Pakistan does, the United States has to be clear-sighted about
the global nature of the LeT threat and together with India and other allies
take resolute measures to defeat this newest challenge.

Ashley J. Tellis is a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for
International Peace. - Ed.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           January 24, 2004 Saturday

Generic equality

SECTION: READER S LETTERS

LENGTH: 796 words


I would not be offended by the promotion of people of color to the status of
American heroes if it wasn't accomplished at the expense of American heroes of
European ancestry.

Liberals-race mongers-historical revisionists act as if this is a zero sum gain.
That is to justify the promotion, or elevation of a person of color to hero, one
must denigrate, marginalize or even remove an authentic European-American hero.

I submit to you the example of George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. The
original holidays designed to remember, honor and celebrate the birthdays of
these two true American heroes who have, more than anyone else, shaped our
nation, have been reduced to a vague generic holiday remembering all past
presidents. However, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. has a holiday solely dedicated
to remember, honor and celebrate his birthday.

May I suggest, Martin Luther King Jr. Day be designated Civil Rights Day, and
that way we can all celebrate Washington's, Lincoln's and King's and others
contributions to civil rights in an equally generic and vague way.

After all, it is only fair and just.

Greg James

Daly City

Challenging Lantos

After Tom Lantos refused for a month to consider public debate, we welcomed news
that the Lantos debate is on for the March 2 Democratic primary. That is soon,
and virtually determines who speaks for many San Franciscans and San Mateans in
Washington. While Lantos believes debate is healthy for democracy, he is again
hiding and manipulating, insisting a debate be taped by KCSM-TV, which cannot
accommodate live audiences -- meaning no constituents present. When? Not now.
Only Feb. 27 to March 1, a day before elections. This would prove useless for
constituents.

Lantos also demands only the League of Women Voters sponsor the debate. They are
excellent, yet their policy prohibits co-sponsors to endorse a candidate until
after the debate, perhaps one day before the election.

Some wishing involvement are the San Mateo County Times, the San Mateo Daily
Journal, Peninsula Television and KCSM. Since Congress is closed Feb. 17 through
20, specifically allowing representatives to work in their districts, we count
eight days Lantos knows well are available to stand before us with his
challengers, so we can take the measure of who we want to direct -- or re-direct
-- the path of our nation and world. Please come out of hiding, Mr. Lantos.

Libby Traubman and Len Traubman

San Mateo

Why a weasel?

I read your editorial entitled "Lantos weaseling on debate" [Jan. 21] and I
thought it was unfair.

Tom Lantos has been representing the state of California for more than 20 years.
After all this time, I think any informed voter should already know where he
stands on the major issues. With the Republicans controlling the White House and
holding a narrow majority in both houses of Congress, every vote is crucial. I
certainly would not want Lantos to miss an important vote so that he can
participate in a debate that is unlikely to provide me with new information or
change my vote.

This is only my opinion. I fully agree that democracy can only function
correctly if we know where the candidates stand on the issues.

I also agree that candidates for public office need to make reasonable
accommodations to participate in debates and other such forums. However, I
thought it was unfair to describe Lantos decision as weaseling.

It sounds like you are implying that he has something to hide. Even if that were
true, there is no warrant for that claim in the editorial.

What does Lantos have to gain by skipping the debate? What is he afraid of? I
was waiting for an explanation in your editorial, but it seems to be lacking.

Thus, I found it much more reasonable to believe that Rep. Lantos simply wants
to make sure he does not miss an important vote.

I find it distressing that The Times would accuse Lantos of weaseling without
defending the assertion, or making any attempt to show both sides of the issue.

Eric Bair

Palo Alto

Bring back the Park

I write as a concerned long-time resident of this area [Stanford] to request
that the Park Theater be restored, both because of its commitment to movies and
because of its being a historic building. Thanks.

Constance Pratt

Stanford

Write to us

WE INVITE READERS to share their views. Letters must be 250 words or less, and
include your name, home address and daytime phone number.

Please limit My Word articles to 550 words or less. All letters are subject to
verification and editing for legal aspects, style, clarity and brevity.

E-mail: istewart@sanmateocountytimes.com [no attachments, please].

Fax: 348-4446.

Snail mail: Letters to the Editor, San Mateo County Times, 1080 South Amphlett
Blvd., San Mateo 94403.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Son of Frank invokes Son of Sam: Sinatra Jr. sues trio who plan to profit from
movie about how they kidnapped him in 1963

BYLINE: RENE SANCHEZ

SECTION: Art & Entertainment; C18

LENGTH: 1101 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


It was one of the most bizarre and bumbling kidnappings of the 1960s: three
young men of promise abduct Frank Sinatra Jr. from a motel at gunpoint, get a
$240,000 ransom from his legendary father, then get caught just days after they
let him go.

Sound like a movie? It will be soon, and Barry Keenan, the ringleader who spent
four years in prison for his crime, stands to collect a handsome profit from the
Hollywood deal he struck for the rights to make a film of the caper. But the
California Supreme Court may not let him have a cent.

At issue is a California statute forbidding felons from profiting financially
when stories of their wrongdoing are told or sold.

It's popularly known as a ''Son of Sam'' law, a reference to New York serial
killer David Berkowitz and his groundbreaking attempt in the late 1970s to
explain his crimes for money. Most states have similar measures, but the new
challenge to California's statute is emerging as the most important U. S. test
in nearly a decade of whether such a law violates free speech.

Working Zealously

Keenan, now a successful real-estate developer in his late 50s, insists that it
does. In court papers, he contends that he has paid his debt to society and has
a constitutional right to sell his story.

''This is an important First Amendment case,'' his attorney, Stephen Rohde said.
''You cannot marginalize his speech just because he was a criminal many years
ago.''

But the junior Sinatra has been working zealously through the courts to prevent
Keenan from getting paid for the coming film. Sinatra's legal advisers liken the
money he could receive to a ''second ransom.'' Neither man is publicly
discussing the case.

''This does not limit free speech,'' said Sinatra attorney Richard Specter.
''This impacts only paid speech. If this law is struck down, victims across the
country will lose, and criminals will win.''

Movie companies and publishing houses have the receipts to prove how popular
true-crime stories are. Even the teenagers responsible for this year's massacre
at Columbine High School bragged, on just-released tapes, that ''directors will
be fighting over this story.'' But as that entertainment market grows, so, too,
is the influence that victims' rights groups have in state legislatures.

The slapstick saga of the junior Sinatra's brief kidnapping in December 1963,
then a national sensation, had been largely forgotten.

But two years ago, writer Peter Gilstrap interviewed Keenan and published his
strange story of the crime, which took place in Lake Tahoe, Nev., and unraveled
soon afterward all over Los Angeles, in the local weekly New Times.

In that account, Keenan details how, as a down-on-his-luck young businessman,
broke and dazed by an addiction to painkillers for a bad back, he concocted an
elaborate plot to squeeze cash from Frank Sinatra by capturing his son. It
wasn't a random choice; Keenan had been a friend of Sinatra's daughter, Nancy,
when they attended high school together in Los Angeles. At the time, Keenan
said, he figured it wouldn't be ''morally wrong'' to give the singer some grief
because he ''always got his way.''

Keenan and a friend snatched 19-year-old Frank Jr. from a motel, hid him in Los
Angeles for a few days, and collected the ransom Sinatra left at a drop point on
Sunset Boulevard. It all worked - until the brother of one cohort turned them
in. Keenan received a life sentence that was reduced to fewer than five years.

When Gilstrap's interview with Keenan hit print, it ignited a high-stakes
Hollywood bidding war to bring the tale to the big screen. Columbia Pictures won
the right to Snatching Sinatra by offering a total of $1.5 million to Keenan and
others in return for their co-operation in recounting their story. But Frank
Sinatra Jr., a bandleader and singer, swiftly sued and won a court order that
prevents Columbia from paying his former kidnapper.

Keenan has challenged that ruling, and California's Son of Sam law, in state
courts for the past year, to no avail. Now, backed by the Southern California
chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, he has gone to California's
Supreme Court, which has decided to review the case.

Some constitutional scholars say resolving the case won't be easy because of its
complex First Amendment implications.

''This is a close and difficult case,'' said Stephen Barnett, a law professor at
the University of California at Berkeley. ''A lot of these laws have not been
tested, so it could be a very important one, too.''

The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on the issue once. In a 1991 case involving a
mobster's memoir, it struck down the nation's first Son of Sam law in New York
on the grounds that it was so broad it could suppress free speech. A publishing
house was allowed to pay profits to the mob figure from his book.

The New York law covered anyone accused of a crime, not just convicts, and it
subjected even passing references to the crime in someone's book or film to its
requirements. But since the high court's decision, most states have narrowed the
scope of their Son of Sam laws. California revamped its own a few years ago,
applying it only to convicted felons and works that focus on, not just mention,
a particular crime.

'Could do grave damage'

Keenan's allies say the law is still unconstitutional. By its standards, they
say, money earned even from landmark works of literature such as Henry David
Thoreau's Civil Disobedience or The Autobiography of Malcolm X possibly could
have been kept from their authors. They contend that crime victims or their
families have other routes through the courts to seize or limit criminals'
assets. They also argue that Keenan shouldn't be subject to the law because it
was created so long after his crime.

''This law could do grave damage to the fundamental rights we all cherish,''
said Dilan Esper, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union.

But so far, California courts have said the law poses none of the problems that
the one in New York did. Some legal analysts also say that in its rejection of
New York's law, the Supreme Court made a point of noting that it wasn't
questioning the constitutionality of every statute with a similar purpose.

Sinatra's camp contends that while Keenan and others have an absolute right to
speech, no matter how offensive it may be, the government has a compelling
interest to stop criminals from reaping rewards from their unlawful actions.

''You shouldn't be able to put a gun to someone's ear and kidnap them,'' Specter
said, ''then cash in.''


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: ANDERS KRUSBERG, AP / Sinatra Jr. leads an orchestra in
Manhattan in 1997: his legal advisers say film profits his abductor could
receive would be like a ''second ransom.''

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            December 9, 2011, Friday

Anonymous attack on HBGary Federal didn't ruin us, says CEO;
HBGary Greg Hoglund discusses impact of Anonymous attack

BYLINE: Ellen Messmer

LENGTH: 713 words


When HBGary Federal, had its website hacked and sensitive e-mail exposed by
hacktivist group Anonymous last February,it became a question of how Sacramento,
Calif.-based security firm HBGary could survive the damage to its reputation.

But in spite of the bruising, HBGary not only didn't lose business customers in
the course of the past year, but "we ended up getting additional business," says
Greg Hoglund, founder and CEO of HBGary. Calling it an unexpected and even
"weird side effect," Hoglund said the widely-publicized attack by Anonymous on
HBGary Federal, a separate company set up by HBGary in 2009 to market to the
federal government, appears to have elicited a sense of identification from many
other companies. "They saw us go through things they were experiencing," he
says.

More on security: * From Anonymous to Hackerazzi: The year in security
mischief-making * 2011's biggest security snafus Last February, members of
Anonymous, apparently furious that then-CEO of HBGary Federal, Aaron Barr, had
publicly alluded to his effort to infiltrate the hacktivist group to expose its
leaders, lashed out by breaking into the HBGary Federal website.

Anonymous then seized tens of thousands of the firm's e-mail to post them
online. The dark episode even had HBGary President Penny Leavy, Hoglund's wife,
going onto an Anonymous IRC channel to basically beg for the attack to end.

Some of that e-mail included e-mail from Barr to a Bank of America law firm
proposing a way to marginalize WikiLeaks, the group that in the past has
published confidential corporate and government documents it secretly obtains,
by hacking into it and feeding it fake documents.

However, the bigger scandal in the hacked e-mail bundle was associated with
comments made about possibly "disrupting" Glenn Greenwald, a Salon columnist who
has been sympathetic to WikiLeaks, as well as a proposal to undermine US Chamber
Watch, a critic of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. The scandal forced Barr to
resign from HBGary Federal and when Barr wanted to discuss his experiences
chasing after Anonymous in a session scheduled at the Defcon Conference in July
this year, HBGary Federal said it would seek an injunction against him if he
did.

HBGary was reluctant to say much about HBGary Federal. Ted Vera, COO of HBGary
Federal, did not respond to a Network World inquiry to discuss its current
situation either. A very long trail of inter-office e-mail correspondence
between executives of HBGary and HBGary Federal even now litters the Internet,
laying bare their thoughts up until that moment in February when the attack
began. But today, Hoglund barely seems to want to acknowledge HBGary Federal
anymore, even after having licensed his company name to it.

Hoglund waves off references to HBGary Federal and the e-mail as not
consequential to HBGary itself in terms of being attacked.

"We shared an e-mail service, Google, with HBGary Federal," Hoglund says.
"Anonymous never came within 2 to 3 network layers of us."

The problems that HBGary Federal experienced, Hoglund says, were that its server
was vulnerable to SQL injection attack and its e-mail password was cracked
because hackers had stolen 50,000 IDs out of a poker-game server in an online
game Barr had used. In his business life at HBGary Federal, Barr had "re-used
the exact name and password. They had the credentials they needed to log in. Now
they had the e-mail," Hoglund says.

The devastating attack on HBGary Federal, Hoglund says, has convinced him that
"you must use multi-factor authentication in every portal in your enterprise."

Directly after the Anonymous attack on HBGary Federal, vandals tore up HBGary's
booth at the RSA Conference 2011 last February, and Barr also cancelled a
presentation he was scheduled to give at another conference at that time running
adjacent to RSA, saying he was getting death threats.

The investigation by law enforcement into the HBGary Federal incident is said to
be ongoing. But Hoglund says he'll be at the RSA Conference 2012 in February,
speaking on the topic "Modern Cyberthreats: The Changing Face Behind the
Keyboard." He says his talk will be about advanced persistent threats, which are
stealthy attacks to seize important data, and "all the things I learned about
APT threats this year."




LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2011 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday

Huckabee and Republicans must engage social issues in 2012 - the smart way;
Former GOP presidential candidate Gary Bauer explains why stressing social
issues is not just good politics, it's crucial to revitalizing America.

BYLINE: Gary Bauer

LENGTH: 1015 words


When I ran for the Republican nomination for president in 1999 and 2000, I
participated in four televised debates. In three of those debates, each of the
candidates got a chance to ask another candidate a single question.

Picking names from a hat, I drew George W. Bush's name in each of those debates.
And each time, I challenged the then-Texas governor to pledge to nominate only
pro-life justices to the US Supreme Court.

Bush demurred each time. Thankfully, President Bush ended up nominating (aside
from the Harriet Miers debacle) two well-qualified and pro-life justices, Chief
Justice John Roberts and Associate Justice Samuel Alito. Their presence on the
court is arguably Bush's greatest legacy.

I was persistent in raising this question because I believe that our courts have
taken cultural issues like abortion out of the people's hands by legislating
from the bench and foisting their own values on the public. My question
succeeded in placing, at least for a short time, judges and the sanctity of life
at the forefront of the presidential conversation.

Can't marginalize social issues

More than a decade later, many presidential hopefuls are even less eager than
Bush was to talk candidly about social issues - public policy as it relates to
marriage, family, the sanctity of life, and religion's place in the public
square.

But that does not mean social issues won't be important - even pivotal - in
2012. Even the most reluctant culture warriors among today's presidential
aspirants can talk about social issues by engaging in what I call "linkage,"
uniting social issues with economic, foreign policy, and other concerns.

In his new book, "A Simple Government," former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee
identifies the family as the most important form of government and correctly
asserts that when families fail, governments fail.

Shocking statistics

I don't think I need to convince anyone that America's current troubles are a
result of not only governmental breakdown but also failing families and a
decline of public virtue.

Forty-one percent of children today are born to unmarried mothers. Though
government per-child educational spending soars, studies find our students
struggling in many subjects (even in, as skyrocketing childhood obesity levels
suggest, gym class!).

Marriage seems to be an afterthought for many young adults. According to a
recent Pew Research study, in 1968, nearly 70 percent of 20-somethings were
married. Forty years later, that figure had fallen to 26 percent.

And even though abortion rates have dipped slightly in recent years, nearly a
quarter of all pregnancies still end in induced abortion, according to recently
released statistics by the Guttmacher Institute.

Meanwhile, a 2010 Gallup poll found all-time highs in the numbers of Americans
who claim no religious affiliation, believe religion is out of date, and say it
is not a very important part of their daily lives.

It is easy to lose sight of the significance of these trends and statistics,
especially as the Middle East continues to erupt and the economy continues to
struggle, and as government at all levels focuses on debt reduction.

America's political and media elites are particularly reluctant to address
family issues. A 2010 poll found that while 83 percent of the "general
population" surveyed felt "family values" issues were important, only 57 percent
of "D.C. Elites" felt similarly. Some potential Republican presidential
candidates have already made it clear that their campaigns would give short
shrift to social issues.

Candidates who would rather address the public's concerns, not those of the
Washington Beltway, can do so by linking social issues to others issues voters
care about.

When I asked George Bush to pledge to nominate only pro-life judges,
anti-abortion advocates weren't the only ones who listened closely to his
answer. Talking about the importance of pro-life judges rallies pro-lifers, to
be sure. But it also signals to other conservatives, libertarians, and others
that the judges a candidate would nominate will apply the Constitution as it was
written.

Given the dismal state of our public education system, every presidential
candidate will have to discuss education reform. That conversation typically
revolves around per-child spending, student-teacher ratios and, of course,
teachers' benefits.

Savvy linkage

But savvy politicians must also acknowledge that a student's performance often
has less to do with the number of other students in her classroom than with the
number of parents in her home. Single-parent homes have been linked to increased
risk of school dropout, lower grades, and more emotional problems in children.

A candidate who calls for defunding of Planned Parenthood is not just
reinforcing his pro-life street cred. Because the abortion provider receives
hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars a year and has been accused of covering
up statutory rape and other crimes, it's also a way to talk about fiscal
responsibility and cleaning up corruption.

Some candidates hesitate to talk about values and virtue. But smart candidates
link them to other public policy challenges. The financial crisis erupted in
part because of pervasive greed on Wall Street and corruption in government. The
erosion of values also contributed to the housing collapse, as borrowers lied on
mortgage applications and politicians encouraged those without the means to buy
homes they could not afford.

Candidates should not emphasize social and values issues simply for political or
rhetorical gain. They should do so because real people do not live single-issue
lives based solely on their pocket books.

Social issues get to the heart of our most fundamental institutions - marriage,
family, faith, and life itself. Thus they are central to the questions people
struggle with daily. Stressing social issues is not just good politics. It is
also crucial to revitalizing America.

Gary Bauer is president of American Values and chairman of the Campaign for
Working Families. He was a contender for the GOP nomination during the 2000
presidential campaign.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 3, 2010 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FIRM SUES HIGHMARK, UPMC;
REVIVED WEST PENN SUIT PROMPTED FILING

BYLINE: RICH LORD, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-5

LENGTH: 311 words


A Whitehall-based real estate firm filed a federal lawsuit Thursday charging
that a conspiracy between Highmark Inc. and the University of Pittsburgh Medical
Center raised its insurance premiums.

The complaint seeks class action status and comes three days after an appeals
court resuscitated an existing lawsuit claiming anti-competitive activity by the
region's leading insurer and dominant hospital system.

Royal Mile Co., in its complaint, contends that UPMC refused to contract with
major, national health insurance companies or otherwise helped to marginalize
their participation in the local market. It charges that Highmark, "in
exchange," eliminated a low-cost insurance product that had resulted in business
for rival hospital system West Penn Allegheny Health System and paid West Penn
less for services than it paid UPMC.

The result, according to the lawsuit, is "artificially inflated premium costs."
It says "hundreds of thousands" parties are affected.

Many of its claims echo those West Penn made in a court complaint that was
dismissed last year. On Monday, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals reversed U.S.
District Judge Arthur J. Schwab's dismissal of that case, sending it back to him
for fuller consideration.

Andrew Stone, one of the attorneys for Royal Mile, said the appeals court's
findings regarding the local healthcare and insurance markets helped to spur the
filing.

A UPMC spokesman said the lawsuit "does nothing more than piggyback on West Penn
Allegheny's earlier lawsuit, which is without any legal or factual basis.
Nothing has been presented to support the allegations or to suggest anything
other than lawful, unilateral, pro-competitive conduct by UPMC."

Highmark had not seen the lawsuit and declined comment.

Royal Mile is owned by the family that built Caste Village, according to its
website. Mr. Stone said it employs about 30 people.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Rich Lord: rlord@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1542./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday

San Mateo County Times Feb. 3 letters

BYLINE: Letters from our readers

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 146 words


Reprehensible

I find it reprehensible that Tafao Lilomaiava, a trusted employee of the San
Mateo County Sheriff's Department only received 60 days in the county jail and
three years for felony embezzlement from the inmate's credit account. These
positions of trust by a public employee against the community's poor or those
incarcerated, marginalizes the public trust and breeds distrust in our citizens
and makes the community more dangerous especially for those that enforce the
law.

There are times when negotiated pleas are inappropriate and prosecution to the
full extent of the law is appropriate. The violation of the public trust, where
a government employee violated their fiduciary responsibilities, calls for the
medium sentence in state prison. It makes no difference whether the victim is a
criminal; they too will get their comeuppance!

Jack Kirkpatrick

Redwood City

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             March 21, 2008 Friday

All about Marin: Larkspur's rule slaps media muzzle on council dissenters

BYLINE: Brad Breithaupt

SECTION: NEWS; Marin

LENGTH: 726 words


The Larkspur City Council has endorsed a "one for all, all for one" policy that
goes beyond designating an official spokesman for the city.

Larkspur's rules say council members don't make separate statements of opinion
about council decisions to the media without the council's permission. So much
for free speech and democratic dissent.

"The council discusses issues in open public meetings in council chambers, not
through the newspapers," the policy reads.

Other towns have asked the council for copies of "Principles of Operation,"
which is similar to policies other bodies have adopted in an attempt to control
their message and muzzle dissent.

Such policies make life a lot easier for the council majority and city manager,
but it doesn't do much for free exchange of opinions.

It also marginalizes the board's minority and the people who voted for those
council members who might want to hear what they think without having to sit
through a council meeting.

Mayor Kathy Hartzell said the council adopted the rules because of concern that
statements from one councilman might be mistaken as representing the entire
council's opinion.

"It's public perception. I think it's totally that," she said.

Larkspur's policy also requires council members to have any newspaper columns
they write reviewed and approved by the city manager.

In San Anselmo, I can't see Councilman Ford Greene asking for Town Administrator
Debbie Stutsman's blessing before penning a column on flood control or signs.

And this policy doesn't stand a chance in Fairfax.

Fed up with complaints about the time it takes to get a county planning permit,
supervisors want to streamline the process.

One of the answers? Take the Planning Commission out of the loop.

The proposed rules would let the planning director bypass the commission on
building plans that comply with county planning rules and don't need an
environmental impact report and won't cause major traffic problems.

Staff says it's likely it will rarely be used. Critics of the change worry that
a supervisor could lean on a planning director to bypass the commission.

Then again, supervisors recently have had a penchant for revising projects so
they barely resemble what they looked like when the Planning Commission reviewed
them.

Commissioners deadlocked, 3-3, on the proposal.

Marin County sheriff's deputies have written another "social host" ticket, this
time busting a late-night party in Santa Venetia.

The 17-year-old host of the March 8 party got a $750 ticket for allowing
underage drinking at a bash in her parents' vacant home.

She told deputies she was hosting a sleep-over for six friends.

Deputies found many more people, all under 21, in attendance and plenty of beer.

Several county budget-cutting ideas the county administrator got from staff
suggested the county adjust or unplug the Civic Center's automatic-flush
toilets.

The new high-tech toilets obviously bug many staffers.

"Almost always, a toilet will flush twice during one person's use," said one
employee. "One wonders how much money could be saved in the Civic Center's water
bill if the auto-flushing feature of the toilets was reconsidered."

Another workers' observation: "The toilets flush before a person can sit down -
usually taking the seat cover with it, which in itself is wasteful - and
generally flush two to three times before you get out the stall door."

The Center for Judicial Excellence has taken its beef with Marin's courts to the
county Board of Supervisors. Continuing its battle against Marin's family law
court, the center has escorted mothers to testify before supervisors at their
Tuesday meetings.

It's an emotion-wrenching presentation, mothers tearfully airing their
complaints about custody decisions made by the court.

Their March 4 presentation led to a lunchtime meeting between one supervisor and
two judges.

On March 11, four local lawyers who specialize in family law showed up for the
supervisors' meeting and endorsed the objectivity of the local judges.

On Tuesday, a week later, the center presented two more mothers, who shared
their heart-felt angst at the supervisors' meeting.

Supervisors asked staff to look into parents' complaints about Child Protective
Services, but none of the inquiries have shown that county staff acted
inappropriately.

The center has posted its presentation on its Web site, but not the March 11
response.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 24, 2002, Monday, FINAL EDITION

For Palestinian gain, some willing to sacrifice Arafat

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 830 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Palestinian reformers say most Palestinians would be ready to
ditch longtime leader Yasser Arafat if the United States came up with a credible
plan for Middle East peace.

Two influential advocates for change in the Palestinian leadership are visiting
Washington in part to consult with the Bush administration. They say U.S. policy
can be tailored in a way that marginalizes Arafat and makes it easier for new
Palestinian leaders to emerge. They hope to influence President Bush's
announcement of a new U.S. approach to the Middle East, which could come today.


Bush's announcement was expected last week but was delayed because of
Palestinian attacks against Israelis and Israel's reoccupation of the West Bank.


Many Palestinians have grumbled for years about their leaders. They complain
that their leaders are corrupt and lack democratic values. The reformers are
among those who have advocated steps to improve Palestinian institutions created
since the return of Arafat and other exiled Palestinian leaders in 1994. One
Arafat critic suggested he wouldn't mind if Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon
carried out threats to expel the Palestinian leader as long as the Palestinians
see tangible benefits in return: an independent state with East Jerusalem as its
capital.

"If Arafat disappears in a context in which nothing else is provided, that is a
no-go," Yezid Sayigh, a professor at Cambridge University, told the Council on
Foreign Relations last week. "If that's what it takes to get a state with 1967
borders (the West Bank and Gaza territory occupied by Israel) with minor
modifications, it's a fair trade."

Palestinian Planning Minister Nabil Shaath told Fox News Sunday that he hoped
Bush would "set a timeline of not more than two years" for creating such a
state.

U.S. officials have made no secret of their desire to be rid of Arafat, whom
they blame for failing to stop attacks inside Israel. But U.S. policy toward
Arafat has been ambiguous. President Bush has refused to meet Arafat. Secretary
of State Colin Powell and U.S. emissaries continue to treat Arafat as a
quasi-head of state because he remains the only elected president of the
Palestinian Authority.

"At the moment, we are both dealing with Arafat and dissing him," says Martin
Indyk, director of the Saban Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings
Institution. "He's able to exploit the tension in our policy to hold onto
power."

Palestinian reformers say expelling Arafat would be harmful without moves to
give Palestinians incentive to reduce attacks on Israel.

Khalil Shikaki, a reformer and pollster from Ramallah, says removing Arafat
would cement a temporary alliance between secular young militants and Islamic
fundamentalists. "If you want a controlled reform process, you must start with
Arafat there," Shikaki says. But Sharon refuses to deal with Arafat, meaning
that new peace negotiations may be a non-starter. "You can't get a political
process going as long as Arafat is there," Indyk says.

Arafat "has done immense damage" to the Palestinian cause, Sayigh says,
particularly in the past 21 months of violence against Israel's occupation.
Sayigh blames Arafat for failing to stop the uprising, which many Palestinians
say has been counterproductive.

Shikaki says a survey in May by the Center for Palestine Research and Studies
shows support for Arafat at 35%, a drop from a peak of 75% at the end of 1995.
The same survey shows 48% of Palestinians said they would like Arafat to have
only a ceremonial role.

It was Israel's six-week Operation Defensive Shield -- a broad military
offensive into areas ceded to the Palestinian Authority under previous peace
accords -- that gave many Palestinians the courage to demand change.

The Palestinian Authority crumbled under the Israeli onslaught. Where,
Palestinians asked, were the troops to protect them and the welfare services to
cushion the blow of an Israeli siege?

Under pressure from his own people, the United States and Europeans, Arafat has
taken several steps:

 * He signed a "basic law" passed by the Palestinian parliament in 1996 but
never implemented. It calls for limits on Arafat's executive powers.

 * He named a smaller Cabinet of 21 ministers, down from 31, including six
experts in their fields.

 * He approved a Palestinian peace plan that for the first time promises Israel
an end to the half-century conflict in return for a state with borders close to
Israel's 1967 lines. The plan, similar to an outline presented by President
Clinton in December 2000, also shelves Arafat's demand for Israel to recognize
the right of 3.5 million Palestinian refugees to return.

Palestinian moderates, as well as Arafat, also have issued calls for an end to
suicide bombings. But Palestinians are skeptical about whether Arafat has really
changed or is just doing and saying the minimum to stay in power.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Abbas Momani, AFP; Arafat: Blamed for failing to stop
violence against Israelis.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

Congressman calls for end on banning gay men from donating blood

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 298 words


Congressman Mike Honda, D-San Jose, will host a press conference in San Jose on
Monday at noon to call on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to end the
regulation that prohibits gay and bisexual men from donating blood. He will be
joined by Santa Clara County District Attorney Jeff Rosen, Santa Clara County
Supervisor Dave Cortese, Campbell City Councilmember Evan Low, former county
Health Officer Marty Fenstersheib, and members of National Gay Blood Drive.

In conjunction with the press conference, a blood drive hosted by Blood Centers
of the Pacific will be taking place from 12 to 4 p.m. on Hedding Street outside
the Santa Clara County Government Center Building.

"Despite tremendous advances in the medical and biotech fields, the Food and
Drug Administration still bans blood donations from gay and bisexual men," said
Congressman Honda, who represents Fremont. "The American Medical Association now
opposes this discriminatory and outdated restriction. Our society is
increasingly supporting equality for LGBT people. I will fight this ban that
only marginalizes, stigmatizes, and stereotypes healthy people across the
country."

"The ban on gay men donating blood is an archaic and discriminatory policy that
precludes gay Americans from participating fully in our society," added county
Supervisor Ken Yeager. "Thanks to advances in testing science, overturning this
ban would increase the donor blood supply and help save thousands of lives."

Campbell Councilmember Low urges the FDA to join the United Kingdom, Canada and
Australia in rescinding the lifetime ban.

"With the risk of man-made and natural disasters that could injure thousands of
people, it's inconceivable that we would be turning away gay donated blood that
has been scientifically tested to be safe," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rep. Mike Honda with President Obama.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           BBC Monitoring World Media
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              May 1, 2007 Tuesday

USA: Press freedom suffered continued global decline in 2006

LENGTH: 2193 words


Text of press release by Washington DC-based Freedom House on 1 May

Press freedom suffered continued global decline in 2006, with particularly
troubling trends evident in Asia, the former Soviet Union and Latin America. A
major study of the state of media freedom released today by Freedom House also
warned of a growing effort to place restrictions on internet freedom by
censoring, harassing, or shutting down sites that provide alternate sources of
political commentary.

The study, Freedom of the Press 2007: A Global Survey of Media Independence,
showed mixed trends in Africa, as well as a continuation of a longer-term
pattern of decline in press freedom in Latin America and the former Soviet
Union.

Among the most critical setbacks singled out by Freedom House this year were:

Setbacks in Asia - notably Thailand, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, the Philippines and
Fiji - stemming from coups, political upheaval, insurgency or states of
emergency;

Setbacks in Venezuela, Argentina, Brazil and other Latin American countries, in
some cases due to state action, in others due to a deteriorating security
environment;

Aggressive efforts by the Russian government to further marginalize independent
media voices, punctuated by plans to regulate the internet;

Stagnation in the Middle East/North Africa region, bringing to a halt several
years of modest progress.

Jennifer Windsor, Freedom House's Executive Director, expressed serious concern
at the study's findings. "Press freedom is like the canary in the coal mine,"
she said. "Assaults on the media are inevitably followed by assaults on other
democratic institutions. The fact that press freedom is in retreat is a deeply
troubling sign that democracy itself will come under further assault in critical
parts of the world."

The report also warned of expanded restriction of the internet. It highlighted
China, Vietnam and Iran, which continue to convict and imprison large numbers of
journalists and "cyber dissidents," and indicated that this trend has spread to
other countries with restrictive media environments, including Russia, where the
administration of President Vladimir Putin has announced plans to establish a
mechanism to regulate internet content, as well as several countries in Africa.

The report, released in advance of World Press Freedom Day on 3 May, pointed to
improvements in several countries. Italy's rating was raised to Free; it had
been the only European Union member state in the Partly Free category. Several
countries, notably Nepal, Colombia and Haiti, registered status improvements due
largely to greater overall political openness and an improved security
environment, Cambodia and the Central African Republic improved due to enhanced
legal protections for journalists.

Available online are a complete package of charts and tables, including a global
table giving scores for every country in the world; regional tables and graphs;
an overview essay outlining global and regional trends; the survey methodology;
and detailed draft country narratives.

The survey, launched in 1980, assesses the degree of print, broadcast, and
internet freedom in every country in the world. It assigns each country a
numerical score from zero to 100 which in turn determines a category rating of
Free, Partly Free or Not Free. Ratings are determined by examining three broad
categories: the legal environment in which media operate, political influences
on reporting and access to information, and economic pressures on content and
the dissemination of news. The survey, which analyses events during the 2006
calendar year, bases its ratings not just on government actions and policies but
on the behaviour of the press itself in testing boundaries, even in more
restrictive environments.

Global trends

Out of the 195 countries and territories examined, 74 (38 per cent) were rated
Free, while 58 (30 per cent) were rated Partly Free, and 63 (32 per cent) were
rated Not Free.

In terms of population, 18 per cent of the world's inhabitants live in countries
that enjoy a Free press, while 39 per cent have a Partly Free press and 43 per
cent have a Not Free press.

The study also noted a longer-term trend of press freedom decline or stagnation
in a number of crucial countries and regions, particularly the Americas and the
former Soviet Union. In assessing country trends over the past five years, the
survey found that Venezuela had suffered the largest single decline in media
independence. Other important countries which registered major declines were
Thailand, the Philippines, Russia, Argentina, Ethiopia and Uganda.

"The records of Venezuela and Russia are appalling, all the more so because of
those countries' impact on their regions," said Karin Karlekar, managing editor
of the press freedom survey. "But we are also disturbed by the level of press
freedom decline in what we had assumed were established democracies."

There is a complex series of reasons for the decline of global press freedom,
some of which derive from broad political trends, while others are specific to
the media environment:

1. Pushback against Democracy: A growing drive to neutralize or eliminate all
potential sources of political opposition has materialized in a number of
crucial countries, with the press as a principal target.

2. Political Upheaval: Coups and states of emergency brought on by political
unrest or civil war have taken place in a growing number of formerly democratic
settings, especially in Asia, with a damaging impact on press freedom.

3. Violence Targeting Journalists: The tragic murder of crusading Russian
journalist Anna Politkovskaya is but one of the latest examples of what has
become a disturbing global trend. The killing and physical harassment of
reporters is a particular problem in Latin America, where Mexico has recently
replaced Colombia as the most dangerous environment, as well as in South and
Southeast Asia, Russia, and Iraq.

4. Legislation Prohibiting Blasphemy, Hate Speech, Insult, and "Endangering
National Security": Governments have increasingly resorted to legal action in
efforts to punish the press for critical reports on the political leadership, as
well as for "inciting hatred," commenting on sensitive topics such as religion
or ethnicity, or "endangering national security".

Regional trends

Americas: In the Americas, 17 countries (48 per cent) were rated Free, 16 (46
per cent) were rated Partly Free, and 2 (6 per cent) were rated Not Free in
2006. Countries of particular concern continue to be Cuba, which has one of the
most repressive media environments worldwide, and Venezuela, where the
government has further intensified its efforts to control the press.

The region did have some noteworthy positive developments in 2006, as both Haiti
and Colombia moved into the Partly Free category. However, these moves were
overshadowed by negative trends in a number of countries, including Argentina,
Peru, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay and the Dominican Republic. In Mexico,
improvements in the legal sphere were outweighed by an appalling level of
violence against journalists. Although the United States continues to be one of
the better performers in the survey, there were continuing problems in the legal
sphere, particularly concerning cases in which legal authorities tried to compel
journalists to reveal confidential sources or provide access to research
material in the course of criminal investigations.

Asia-Pacific: The Asia-Pacific region as a whole exhibited a relatively high
level of freedom, with 16 countries (40 per cent) rated Free, 10 (25 per cent)
rated Partly Free, and 14 (35 per cent) rated Not Free. Nevertheless, Asia is
home to two of the five worst-rated countries in the world, Burma and North
Korea, which have extremely repressive media environments, as well as several
other poor performers such as China, Laos and Vietnam, all of which use state or
party control of the press as the primary tool to restrict media freedom.

Several bright spots worth noting include Nepal, where wide-ranging political
change led to a dramatic opening in the media environment, and Cambodia and
Indonesia, which also featured positive movement. Asia saw many negative
developments in 2006, however, continuing the downward regional trajectory noted
in last year's survey. Coups and military intervention led to the suspension of
legal protections for press freedom and new curbs imposed on media coverage in
Fiji and Thailand. Intensified political and civil conflict during the year
contributed to declines in Sri Lanka, East Timor and the Philippines. Heightened
restrictions on coverage, as well as harassment of media outlets that
overstepped official and unofficial boundaries, negatively impacted press
freedom in Malaysia, China and Pakistan.

Central and Eastern Europe/Former Soviet Union: For the combined CEE/FSU region,
eight countries (28 per cent) - out of a new total of 28 countries, after
Montenegro's independence - remain classified as Free, 10 (36 per cent) are
rated as Partly Free, and 10 (36 per cent) as Not Free. While many countries in
Central and Eastern Europe rank firmly in the Free category, the repressive
media landscape in the former Soviet Union is illuminated by the fact that 10 of
the 12 non-Baltic post-Soviet states are ranked Not Free.

Most trends in the region were negative. Kyrgyzstan saw backsliding in 2006 due
to an increase in censorship and attacks against journalists. Russia's worsening
score reflected negative developments in the legal sphere coupled with
heightened impunity, epitomized by the lack of prosecutions of increasingly
frequent crimes and attacks against journalists.

Middle East and North Africa: The Middle East and North Africa region continued
to show the lowest region wide ratings, with just one country (5 per cent) rated
Free, two (11 per cent) rated Partly Free, and 16 (84 per cent) rated Not Free
in 2006. Of particular and long-standing concern are Libya, Syria, Tunisia and
the Israeli-Occupied Territories/Palestinian Authority, where media freedom
remained extremely restricted. The deteriorating security situation in Iraq made
it highly dangerous for the media, with several dozen journalists and media
workers, mostly Iraqis, killed during the year.

In 2006, improvements noted in the survey over the last several years reversed
course, with several countries that had previously shown numerical improvement
stagnating or moving in a negative trajectory. Conditions in Saudi Arabia and
Iran deteriorated, while media in Egypt, Jordan and Algeria hampered constrained
by legal restrictions. The use of legal harassment against independent
journalists increased in Morocco, with a highly influential editor forced to
leave the country due to the threat of crippling fines in a defamation case.

Sub-Saharan Africa: Overall, eight countries (17 per cent) were rated Free, 19
(39 per cent) were rated Partly Free, and 21 (44 per cent) remain rated Not
Free. In 2006, Cape Verde was upgraded to Free as a result of a decrease in the
legal harassment of and attacks on journalists. Changes in the legal sphere
contributed to the Central African Republic's upgrade to Partly Free, and to
numerical improvements in Angola, Sierra Leone, and Mozambique.

Meanwhile, conditions in one of the world's worst performers, Eritrea,
deteriorated further to a numerical score of 94 as a result of tightened
restrictions for foreign reporters travelling inside the country. Several
countries which have registered a significant longer-term negative trend - The
Gambia, Ethiopia, and Uganda - continued to move in the wrong direction in 2006.

Western Europe: Western Europe continued to boast the highest level of press
freedom worldwide; in 2006, 24 countries (96 per cent) were rated Free and one
(four per cent) was rated Partly Free. However, increasing threats from
far-right and Islamist groups during the year resulted in modest declines for a
number of top-performing countries, particularly those in Scandinavia and
northern Europe. A dramatic rise in legal harassment was noted in Turkey, where
almost 300 journalists and writers were prosecuted for "insulting Turkishness".
However, in a major positive move, Italy was upgraded in 2006 to resume its Free
status primarily as a result of media magnate Silvio Berlusconi's exit as prime
minister.

Worst of the worst

The five worst-rated countries continue to be Burma, Cuba, Libya, North Korea,
and Turkmenistan. In these states, which are scattered across the globe,
independent media are either nonexistent or barely able to operate, the press
acts as a mouthpiece for the ruling regime, and citizens' access to unbiased
information is severely limited. The numerical scores for these five countries
have barely changed in relation to the previous year, reflecting a level of
extreme repression and stagnation for the media. Rounding out the bottom 10 most
repressive media environments are two countries in the former Soviet Union -
Belarus and Uzbekistan - and three countries in Africa - Equatorial Guinea,
Eritrea, and Zimbabwe - where media are heavily restricted.

Source:  Press release by Freedom House, Washington DC, in English 1 May 07

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 7, 2001 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Schundler Seeks To Shift Debate On Abortion

BYLINE:  By DAVID M. HALBFINGER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 976 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, July 6


The New Jersey governor's race veered off into the charged territory of religion
today, as Bret D. Schundler accused James E. McGreevey, his Democratic rival, of
being intolerant of Roman Catholics and others who, like Mr. Schundler, oppose
abortion even in cases of rape and incest.

Taking the offensive on an issue on which he is widely seen as vulnerable, since
the majority of New Jersey residents support abortion rights, Mr. Schundler, the
Republican candidate, sought to shift the debate over abortion to one about
tolerance for different points of view. He criticized Mr. McGreevey for calling
him an extremist on abortion, and said that Mr. McGreevey, who is Roman
Catholic, was effectively saying that "anybody who adheres to Catholic teaching"
is "unfit for public office."

But Mr. Schundler, who in recent weeks has likened supporters of abortion rights
to murderers, Nazis and slave owners, did not stop there. Even as he accused Mr.
McGreevey of demonizing him for his stance on abortion, Mr. Schundler, the
former mayor of Jersey City, likened Mr. McGreevey to an ayatollah in Iran and
said that Mr. McGreevey's attempt to marginalize him was tantamount to religious
persecution.

Mr. Schundler's escalation of the war of words over abortion entails great risks
and opportunities for both candidates, particularly this early in the campaign.
Should Mr. Schundler succeed in changing the subject from abortion rights to
tolerance, as President Bush sought to do throughout last year's campaign, he
could silence one of Mr. McGreevey's most potent weapons against him.

In addition, by attacking Mr. McGreevey as anti-Catholic, Mr. Schundler, a
Presbyterian, may hope to call attention to the way in which Mr. McGreevey's
support for abortion rights is at odds with Roman Catholic teaching. But it also
could antagonize the many other Catholics who depart from church doctrine on
that issue.

In any case, Mr. McGreevey is sure to seize on any misstep by Mr. Schundler,
including the use of hyperbolic metaphors. Today, for example, he refused to
engage Mr. Schundler in a debate about abortion or religious freedom, instead
casting Mr. Schundler's remarks as a negative attack and calling on him to run a
"positive, issue-oriented campaign."

In a statement, Mr. McGreevey said: "As a Roman Catholic, I fully understand and
appreciate the importance of faith in our lives. In addition, I personally
respect Mr. Schundler's passion and commitment to his own faith, as I respect
people of all faiths. Our debate should be about the issues facing New Jersey
and not about an individual's religious beliefs.

"I have said that there are clear contrasts between myself and Mr. Schundler and
I will continue to discuss those differences," Mr. McGreevey continued. "It is
unfortunate that he has begun the campaign by striking such a negative note."

Mr. Schundler's remarks came at a news conference here in which he announced he
would keep Joseph M. Kyrillos Jr., a state senator, as chairman of the state
Republican Party. Mr. Kyrillos had endorsed Bob Franks, Mr. Schundler's primary
opponent.

When asked about the post-primary rapprochement between his fellow conservatives
and moderates like Mr. Kyrillos, Mr. Schundler said Republicans on both sides of
the abortion issue could come together out of mutual respect.

He then added: "Jim McGreevey doesn't believe in compromise and consensus and he
doesn't believe in respect. He has said that anybody who adheres to Catholic
teaching is an extremist, unfit for public office."

In fact, it was Mr. Franks, now a co-chairman of Mr. Schundler's campaign, who
repeatedly called Mr. Schundler an extremist in the days leading to the June 26
primary.

Asked what Mr. Schundler was referring to, his aides today produced a June 27
column in The New York Times in which Mr. McGreevey said, "Mayor Bret Schundler
is an extremist and clearly out of the mainstream of New Jersey."

But Mr. Schundler made clear tonight that he had inferred, from the use of the
word "extremist," that Mr. McGreevey believed that Catholics and other opponents
of abortion were unfit for public office.

Based apparently on that inference alone, Mr. Schundler said today that Mr.
McGreevey had, "in effect, created a religious test that would take us back to
before John F. Kennedy's presidency, saying that anyone who adheres to Catholic
teaching should not be in public office."

Mr. Schundler added: "Now that, to me, is a little bit more akin to the way
things are in Iran than the way they are here in the United States. I don't
think Americans like intolerance. I don't think they want to elect an
ayatollah."

Asked if likening Mr. McGreevey to an ayatollah was not an act of demonization,
Mr. Schundler said: "If you say, what is it that makes Iran Iran, it's the fact
that there is a religious test to even possess the full rights of citizenship.
If you don't share the religious viewpoint of the power, let's say, of those in
authority in Iran, you are persecuted, and you are denied full public
participation in the life of that society. That appears to me to be what Jim
McGreevey is suggesting."

While Mr. Schundler was attacking Mr. McGreevey, Mr. Schundler today was the
subject of an anonymous attack, by fax machine, over a recent statement in which
he likened himself to Christ in talking about his battles with the teachers
union. "They are powerful and they have money, but at the end of the day, I have
been crucified with Christ," Mr. Schundler said. "I do not live, but Christ
lives in me."

The quotation, from Galatians 2:20, is commonly used by fundamentalist
Christians, and Mr. Schundler was addressing a group of black ministers. But the
author of the fax cast it as an indication of egomania.

"Bret Schundler the Messiah?" the fax said. "Bret seems to think so."

It added, "Bret Schundler: Taking Extremism to New Extremes."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bret D. Schundler, right, said yesterday that Joseph M. Kyrillos
Jr., left, would remain the state's Republican Party chairman. (Christopher
Barth for The New York Times)(pg. B5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     May 17, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

Some fear impact on job market;
 State labor commissioner wonders about 'negative message,' possible effect on
black male unemployment.;
 THE FED RAISES RATE

BYLINE: Russell Grantham, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 459 words

Some economists applauded the Federal Reserve's brake-stomping interest rate
increase, but others said Tuesday's action cuts the joyride short just when some
working folks found a seat.

"I'm no expert," said Georgia Labor Commissioner Michael Thurmond, but "we need
to keep the economy on track."

Thurmond said he fears the Fed's increase of a half-percentage point in a key
short-term borrowing rate will derail progress among many workers entering the
labor market for the first time, particularly young African- American males.

Unemployment among black males in the state is at its "lowest ever recorded, "
he said.

According to the Georgia Labor Department, the jobless rate for African-
American males in Georgia has declined from 12.9 percent in 1992 to 7.8 percent
in 1998, the latest figures available.

"I think to slow (the economy) now sends a very negative message, that you want
to marginalize millions of Americans," said Thurmond.

"He has a point," said Donald Ratajczak, the outgoing director of Georgia State
University's Economic Forecasting Center.

But Ratajczak said the Fed's action was months overdue to slow consumer spending
before the economy overheats and, eventually, bottoms out from a buildup of too
much debt.

A fast-growing economy is a blessing, said Ratajczak, but that's not the issue.
"It's that the growth is skewed," he said. "The consumers are way out of line
here."

He said consumer spending grew at an 8.3 percent annualized rate in the first
quarter, about twice the rate of income growth.

The Fed didn't react strongly enough when signs of inflationary pressures
started showing up last fall, he added, and will probably now overreact even as
the economy starts to slow.

"The Fed always gets the timing wrong. ... (They) should have been more
aggressive earlier," he said. "What are you waiting for, guys? Why are you
following the typical pattern?"

He predicted another half-percentage point rate increase in June unless strong
evidence of a slowing economy shows up.

Gregory Miller, chief economist at SunTrust Banks, likewise predicted a similar
increase in June as an antidote for a hyperactive economy.

"I think the market was worried that the Fed was falling behind the curve," he
said. "Even people who don't own stock are acting as if they're benefiting from
it."

David Orr, chief economist at First Union Corp., said he figured folks were in
an inflationary state of mind when gasoline prices shot up but gas- guzzling
sport-utility vehicles kept selling like hotcakes.

"People said, 'I can pay it,' " he said.

That's different from the 1990s, when people were proud of shopping hard for the
best bargains, he said. "That's the beginning of inflation psychology. "

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Michael Thurmond: "We need to keep the economy on track."
Photo
 Fed chief tantalizes theories
Did Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan subvert the "briefcase theroy" at
Tuesday's Fed meeting? A fat document- filled portfolio supposedly signals an
interest rate boost, but the one he carries here appears modest by past
standards. You be the judge. / Ron Edomnds / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Patrick: Pick Cruz or Trump - or else

BYLINE: Jonathan Tilove American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METR; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 725 words


Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick warned Friday that if the Republican National Convention
this summer doesn't nominate either U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz or Donald Trump for
president, it will be the end of the Republican Party.

"If it's anyone else other

than Ted Cruz or Donald Trump - and I prefer Ted, and I'll fight for Ted - but
if it's anyone else other than them... I think you'll be seeing the end of the
party," Patrick, who chairs the Cruz campaign in Texas, told Neil Cavuto on the
Fox Business Network on Friday.

"I'm going to draw the line in the sand," Patrick said. "If the party operatives
ignore the will of the people there will be a huge fight, and I will be leading
it along with a lot of other Texans and a lot of other Cruz supporters on the
floor. The will of the people must be heard."

Patrick's remarks, and a press release that followed, seemed intended to
marginalize the candidacy of Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who has ignored calls from
the Cruz campaign

to quit the race so that Cruz can go one-on-one with Trump in the remaining
caucuses and primaries. Patrick's comments were also meant to squelch
speculation and scheming by anti-Trump party leaders and activists looking to
thwart Trump if he arrives at the convention in Cleveland as the front-runner
but short of the requisite 1,237 votes needed to clinch the nomination. Possible
tactics include trying to select another candidate.

"If the party attempts to parachute anyone into the convention to be the choice
of the delegates if there is to be a contested convention, I believe there will
be a massive turning of their backs on the party by both Cruz and Trump
supporters," Patrick said. "The delegates going to the convention are not
interested in (U.S. House Speaker) Paul Ryan or (2012 GOP nominee) Mitt Romney."

"As the lieutenant governor of the state of Texas and a delegate to the
convention, I'm asking all of the elected officials in Congress, in the Senate,
to stop the talk of another person," Patrick said. "It's Ted or it's Donald.
Period."

Trump needs to collect more than half the delegates still to be chosen to reach
the 1,237 delegate threshold, which is possible if he improves his winning
percentages.

Cruz would have to win about 80 percent of the delegates from here on out,
which, barring an utter collapse of the Trump campaign, seems virtually
impossible.

The odds are even longer for Kasich, who is seeking to gain momentum from his
victory over Trump in the Ohio primary Tuesday. Cruz was winless in Tuesday's
six contests.

Kasich's strategy - and for all practical purposes, Cruz's as well - is based on
the premise that the nominee will be chosen

on a second or subsequent ballot, when most delegates will be unbound and able
to vote for other

candidates who earn enough support to have their names put in nomination,
whether or not they competed in the primaries or caucuses.

In Texas, Republicans at Senate district conventions on Saturday will elect
delegates to the state convention in Dallas in May, which will elect the
delegates to the national

convention.

While Cruz won 104 delegates in the March 1 primary, to 48 for Trump and three
for Florida's U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, who dropped out of the race this week,
former Texas GOP Chairman

Steve Munisteri said he would be "shocked" if all 155 Texas delegates to the
national convention weren't Cruz loyalists, including the 48 delegates who would
be bound to vote for Trump on the first ballot, but free to vote for Cruz
thereafter.

Munisteri said that exhortations by Patrick and others won't affect voters in
upcoming primary and caucus states, and that, "at the end of the day, the 2,437
delegates will decide, and that's that."

Rice University political scientist Mark Jones said that for Cruz to win it at
the convention, he needs to arrive with a delegate total within striking
distance of Trump's.

Lubbock County GOP Chairman Carl Tepper, a Trump supporter, said he feared that
if Trump is even one delegate shy on the first ballot, he will be denied by the
party loyalists and activists at the convention, and that

Patrick's concern about the peril for the party would prove well founded.

If that happens, Tepper said, "I predict the dissolution of the Republican
Party. I think people would be suing each other for the party name, and suing
each other for the office furniture."

Contact Jonathan Tilove

at 512-445-3572.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Krueger calls women's party a 'mistake'

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: Washington


Citizen Action of New York has issued the following news release:

In a strongly worded response to an invitation from former New York City Council
speaker Christine Quinn, Democratic State Senator Liz Krueger labels Governor
Andrew Cuomo's Women's Equality Party a "mistake" that could marginalize female
Democratic voters.

Quinn, a principal organizer of W.E.P. events, invited Krueger to attend the
kickoff event in New York City for Cuomo's Women's Equality Bus Tour, which
travels to Long Island today after stopping in three cities upstate last
weekend.

"Dear Christine, Please know that I do not participate in W.E.P. events because
I think the whole idea of attempting to create this party was a mistake and have
told several at Team Cuomo my opinion," Krueger, who represents Manhattan, wrote
to Quinn in an email exchange obtained by Capital. "Since you have become the
'face' of this effort, I thought I should share my opinion with you as well."

Krueger questioned the logic behind the W.E.P., which Cuomo created this year to
help promote the Women's Equality Agenda, a 10-point package of legislation he
is pushing, in part to help distinguish himself from his conservative Republican
opponent Rob Astorino.

Neither Quinn nor the governor's office immediately responded to requests for
comment.

Krueger's comments come as some Democrats and progressive groups are beginning
to question Cuomo's commitment to the promise he made last May in exchange for
an endorsement from the Working Families Party last May--that he would Democrats
retake the Senate, a change in leadership he said was necessary to ensure
passage of the Women's Equality Act.

Questions about the governor's commitmentcontinued last week after he declined
to openly endorse Democratic State Senate candidate Marc Panepinto in his
campaign against incumbent Republican Mark Grisanti of Buffalo.

Cuomo, who had urged Grisanti to vote "yes" on same-sex marriage in 2011, called
the choice of whom to endorse "personally difficult."

Grisanti opposes the Women's Equality Act, because of the inclusion of an
abortion-rights plank that would align state law with federal law; Panepinto
supports it.

Krueger isn't the first woman to openly criticize the W.E.P.

In a television interview earlier this week, Working Families Party co-chair
Karen Scharff questioned the rationale behind the party's efforts, telling
Capital Tonight's Liz Benjamin she saw no need for a women's equality ballot
line.

"Women are actually the vast majority of voters in New York State, and I don't
think we should be pigeonholed in a separate party," Scharff said.

Krueger echoed that sentiment in her response to Quinn.

"Women are 54% of the voters in this state. When they vote on the Democratic
line, Democrats win. I do not wish women to be relegated to some 'non party.' We
have earned the right to be leaders in our party--the Democratic Party," Krueger
wrote.

To be guaranteed a spot on the ballot in the next election cycle, the W.E.P.
must earn at least 50,000 votes. Cuomo has argued that if women turn out in
force to vote on the party's line in the Nov. 4 election, it will put Albany
lawmakers on notice they should pass the Women's Equality act.

But Krueger argued the W.E.P. will hurt women whether or not it gets 50,000
votes.

"When under 50,000 people vote on W.E.P., the opposition can say: 'See, out of
4.2 million voters, only a few thousand give a damn about women's equality. So
nobody has to care,'" she said. "If over 50,000 people vote W.E.P., the
Democrats will have helped siphon voters away from themselves for the future and
it will weaken the role of women as leadership in the Democratic Party."

The ballot line has also proved something of a boondoggle for Senate Democrats
who initially believed the party line might help Democrats in swing districts.

The majority of Democrats who submitted petitions to qualify for the ballot line
were knocked off after challenges found numerous invalid signatures and other
irregularities.

So far, only a handful of candidates have secured the ballot line: Cuomo, his
running mate, Kathy Hochul, Senators Jeff Klein and Andrea Stewart-Cousins and
Democratic State Senate candidate Adam Haber.

Krueger suggested the W.E.P. could hurt Senate Democrats' chances of retaking
the chamber.

"Since the W.E.P. organizers failed to successfully get almost any Senate
Democratic candidates on this line, urging people to vote for the governor and
Kathy Hochul on the W.E.P. line actually puts Senate Democratic candidates at
risk of losing votes," Krueger wrote.

"Further, there is mixed messaging about whether W.E.P. organizers are asking
Democrats to vote on this line or just people registered in other parties?
Having an event in Manhattan, with invitations being sent by and targeted to
Democrats, clearly the audience will be Democrats," she said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 17, 2009 Friday
                                 Drive Edition

TERROR REPORT CRITICIZED

BYLINE: CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; IN BRIEF; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 297 words


A state Senate resolution  blasts a U.S. Department of Homeland Security report
that warns violent extremist groups could grow and "disgruntled military
veterans" could be included among extremists who want to cause harm. Senate
Resolution 40 by Sen. Steve Russell, R-Oklahoma City, says the report is a
"blatant attempt" by the White House to "marginalize the mainstream views of
tens of millions of Americans." The resolution is expected to be heard on the
Senate floor next week. Russell is a retired Army colonel.

SHIELD EYED FOR TEACHERS

A bill that passed the Senate on Wednesday would protect teachers and school
districts who wanted to use or post historic documents with religious content.
House Bill 1756 would bar school districts from limiting the use of certain
instructional materials because they contain religious references. The bill
passed the Senate after much debateby a vote of 40-7.

HOUSE SEEKS CELL-FEE CUT

The House voted Thursday to reduce a government fee on cell phones. An amendment
by Rep. Mike Reynolds would impose a new limit on a potential cell phone fee,
cutting it 70 percent. Under current law, county commissioners may call for a
countywide vote to assess a 50-cent-per-month fee for each wireless connection
to pay for wireless 911 service.  The House passed the amendment, attached to
Senate Bill 1166, by a vote of 75-21. The bill returns to the Senate.

HONORARY DEGREES GIVEN

House Speaker Pro Tempore Kris Steele and Rep. Doug Cox received honorary
degrees of pharmacy Wednesday from the Oklahoma State Board of Pharmacy.Dr.
Diana Hampton, an ophthalmologist and House doctor of the day, presented the
honorary degrees in the House chamber to Steele, R-Shawnee, and Cox, R-Grove.
They were honored for their help on health-related legislation.




LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday

Barbara Rose Shuler: Henry Mollicone's groundbreaking "Beatitude Mass" to be
performed at the Golden State Theatre in Monterey

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: MUSIC; Columnists

LENGTH: 963 words


An inspiring and musically splendid happening takes place this Friday evening
when Henry Mollicone's groundbreaking "Beatitude Mass" is presented at the
Golden State Theatre.

Saratoga resident Mollicone   who has several operas, including the popular
"Face on the Barroom Floor"   developed the Mass in collaboration with a group
of colleagues who shared his vision for creating a powerful piece dedicated to
bringing the plight of the homeless to light.

Leroy Kromm, who has been serving as the choral director for the Monterey
Symphony since 2000, realized the importance of the project the moment he heard
about it from Mollicone, his friend.

He pledged his full support to the undertaking and conducted the world premiere
of the Mass and most of its performances to date.

Kromm, who also conducts the San Jose Symphonic Choir, teaches at the San
Francisco Conservatory and sings professionally himself, describes the Mass as
musically resembling the Italian operas of Puccini and Verdi with harmonic
juxtapositions that reflect the struggles of the homeless to find comfort in a
culture that marginalizes them.

The "Beatitude Mass" is unique as a new work in that it combines the true voices
of the modern homeless population with traditional liturgical Latin texts.

A dramatic and emotional score for chorus, soloists and orchestra, the English
texts are based on a distillation of many interviews that Mollicone and his
collaborator Father Jon Pedigo personally conducted with many homeless
individuals.

"I think Henry was the major researcher in this project," says Kromm. "He wanted
to see what it was like to live hand to mouth on the streets with the idea of
creating a work of music that was a compilation of the stories these people told
in order to present it in an artistic form."

Mollicone turned to another good friend and colleague in East Coast librettist
William Luce for the English text.

Kromm says Luce created a simple setting that combines the Beatitudes from the
Gospel of Matthew with the stories of the homeless.

The Mass features two soloists, Adam and Evelyn, sung by soprano Nancy Wait
Kromm and baritone Paul Murray.

"The beauty of it is that the music is just stunning," says Kromm. "It is
clearly an inspired work. You can hear the hand of God in this work. I, for one,
feel that this piece is going to be a very important moment in music history."

Mollicone brilliantly and generously stipulates that all proceeds from
performances or recordings of the "Beatitude Mass" must go to people in need.

The Golden State performance of the Mass will be dedicated to Shelter Outreach
Plus. Celebrating its 30th anniversary, the Monterey County nonprofit provides
homeless programs and assistance to victims of domestic violence.

The concert Friday evening will begin with a performance by the wonderful Palo
Alto organist James Welch, who has an enthusiastic following in this region.

Mollicone will be lending his keyboard artistry to the instrumental ensemble,
which plays the chamber version of the Mass.

The combined choruses will number more than 100 singers. And there will be an
opportunity to learn more about Shelter Outreach Plus and the homeless programs
in our community.

The city of Monterey has provided a grant for this concert. Generous donations
of time and money are also being given by Warren Dewey of the Golden State
Theatre.

To secure your tickets, it is recommended that you call as soon as possible.
There will be open seating and the program will run about an hour and 15
minutes.

Ensemble Monterey|

Ensemble Monterey Chamber Orchestra keeps its tradition of combining forces with
the celebrated regional vocal ensemble, Cantiamo! for its season finale.

The two groups will present "The Ecstasies Above," a concert of masterworks for
string orchestra and chorus.

The featured composition will be the West Coast premiere of a work by Tarik
O'Regan that gives the program its title, "The Ecstasies Above," based on the
Edgar Allen Poe poem. It created an immediate sensation when it premiered last
year at Yale.

The concert also includes John Corigliano's "Fern Hill," a beautifully lyrical
setting of the Dylan Thomas poem, Carl Nielsen's "Little Suite for Strings" and
Cecil Effinger's "Four Pastorales," featuring oboist Angie Burtz.

The concert will be conducted by John Anderson, with special guest conductor
Cheryl Anderson, one of this year's Gail Rich Award winners.

"The Ecstasies Above" will be presented at 8 p.m. Saturday, April 26, at
Monterey's Golden State Theatre.

The Santa Cruz performance will take place at 7 p.m. Sunday, April 27, at the
First Congregational Church.

"Insights from the Conductor," a free talk and audience reception, is presented
one hour before each concert. For ticket information call 333-1283, or go online
at www.ensemblemonterey.org .

Youth Music Monterey|

The season finale for Youth Music Monterey's Youth and Honors Orchestras takes
place at 2 p.m. Sunday, April 27, at Sherwood Hall in Salinas.

The program, called "All Together Now," features music of Pachelbel,
Tchaikovsky, Schubert, Rimsky-Korsakov and more.

The orchestras are conducted by John Larry Granger and include more than 130
young musicians from 36 schools throughout the greater Monterey Peninsula area.

Tickets range from $5 to $30 and are available at the door, at The Bookmark in
Pacific Grove or by calling 375-1992. Online, go to www.ticketguys.com/YMM.GO .!

CONCERT ·What: Henry Mollicone's "Beatitude Mass for the Homeless" with The
Monterey Symphony Chorus ·Where: Golden State Theatre, 417 Alvarado St.,
Monterey ·When: 7:30 p.m. Friday, April 25; doors open at 6 p.m. ·Tickets: $15
general, $10 student, available by calling 384-3388; all proceeds benefit
homeless programs and services ·Information: Online at www.golden
statetheatre.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Composer Henry MolliconeÕs groundbreaking ÒBeatitude MassÓ will be
performed Friday night at the Golden State Theatre in Monterey.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 4, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

From Tech Schools To Wine Cellars

SECTION: Section 14CN; Page 8; Column 6; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 192 words


It was cruel irony to have placed the article about the pressure to cede the
building that houses the area's only technical high school to the town of
Stamford on the same front page that describes the elaborate wine cellars being
built in local homes ("House Wine Gets Its Own Room" and "A Tale of 2 Schools,
but Only 1 Building," May 7).

The same population that spends lavishly on a home for liquor is too frugal to
invest in the education of manual laborers -- the same population that does the
sort of skilled carpentry work in such demand.

But, on second thought, it is probably true that both are reflections of the
same economic phenomena. Stamford "needs" the tech school space in order to
improve its schools, which in turn attract wealth and support real estate
values. The wine cellars are "needed" in order to support fragile egos.

Fulfullment of such needs is shortsighted in the extreme, to the extent that
they marginalize the very people we require to keep things in working order.

Instead, we need to do more to insure that all forms of talent are nurtured
equally in our schools.

KATHY HARSANY CRUSOE
Greenwich


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                FSView & Florida Flambeau (Tallahassee, Florida)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 1, 2010

Nov 2: more of the same;
Coming To America

BYLINE: BRIAN PETRITI, Staff Writer

LENGTH: 358  words


In the post-democratic world coming after Nov. 2, in America, we will have a
world of change waiting for us. Well, probably not.

The more likely scenario is one of stagnation in our government. The gears will
forever grind slowly in our nation's capital, and the calls for change and
radicalism will do one of two things: subside or further marginalize.

The truth is this: Congress has never been good at quickly enacting changes to
the status quo.

This time around, there won't be any changes to come even if the GOP regains the
whole of our bicameral legislative branch.

So, instead of potentially moving forward with the Democrats' as of yet
unfinished agenda, we will be stuck in neutral.

The Democrats once again splinter in the face of even minimal adversity as the
president surprisingly involves himself in unsound politics (is there such a
thing as sound politics?) in states like Rhode Island and Maryland.
Unsurprisingly, the Democrats squander momentum every chance they get.

They get handed what can only be described as a pack of clowns to run against in
Sharron Angle, Carl Paladino and the rest of the gaffe-prone Tea Party crowd.
The economy has been stagnant but some of things the Tea Party has been
complaining about are about to be irrelevant. Of the hundreds of billions of
dollars spent on the bailouts, only $50 billion remain to be paid back, mainly
by AIG and the automotive companies. And the economy would probably not be
better off under the GOP's guidance--remember: the stimulus package was signed
by one George W. Bush.

So what do we now get with the impending right-wing takeover? Very likely, very
little.

The Republicans have long been renowned for party unity and sticking to their
guns. They do not have two-thirds of the legislation in their hands.
Filibustering goes both ways and a veto is absolute without turning more
Democrats than even the GOP can afford.

So for all of the stone-walling the GOP was doing these past two years, they're
about to get a taste of their own medicine. Unfortunately for the rest of us,
this means even slower governing than usual.

So let's enjoy the next two years of the same exact thing.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFF

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 FSView & The Florida Flambeau


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday
                         The New York Times on the Web

June 3 -- 8

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Arts and Leisure Desk; THE WEEK AHEAD; Pg.

LENGTH: 1647 words


IN recent years festivals like American Realness and club-based events by the
irrepressible impresario Earl Dax have sought to contextualize and historicize
notions of queer performance and culture, and, and in less academic terms, to
show just how fabulous contemporary art can be.

Now comes the QUEER NEW YORK INTERNATIONAL ARTS FESTIVAL, a performance and
visual art feast organized by Zvonimir Dobrovic, artistic director of Queer
Zagreb and the Perforations Festival in Croatia, and the art historian Andre von
Ah. Their lineup (including Francois Chaignaud, Cecilia Bengolea and David
Wampach) is tantalizing. And their goals are ambitious: to ''break through
dominant ideas that limit and marginalize queer art, by creating a new concept
of queer as a wider platform for excellence in arts, capable of tracking,
discovering, and interpreting new trends while daring to speak openly about the
norms that constitute society and art practice.''

The festival is presented with Abrons Arts Center, where most of the action will
be. Other events around town include a series of talks organized in part by the
smart folks at Culturebot.org. Thursday through June 15; information:
queerny.org.

ELLSWORTH KELLY turned 89 on Thursday, and his profile has never been higher.
One of his sculptures is prominently stationed in the garden of the Barnes
Foundation's new home in Philadelphia; later this month three sculptures will be
on display in the atrium of the Morgan Library & Museum in Manhattan; and on
Tuesday an exhibition devoted to his drawings opens at the Metropolitan Museum
of Art.

Mr. Kelly, best known for his Abstract paintings and sculptures, has also made
figurative drawings throughout his career. And this show -- ''Ellsworth Kelly
Plant Drawings'' -- will be the first major museum exhibition devoted
exclusively to his drawings of plants, flowers and leaves. Their essence is not
so different from the elegant canvases and sculptures that have become his
trademark. Each is concerned with the purity of form, silhouette and simplicity.
The show will include about 75 drawings, beginning with ones he executed in 1948
in Paris. Each is a closely observed likeness from nature, and his inspiration
has been everything from seaweed suspended in his studio to a flower he picked
up on the side of the road. Some are watercolors, but most are drawings in
graphite or ink. Through Sept. 3, metmuseum.org.

MAUDE, the original cougar? Watched today the 1971 film ''Harold and Maude''
certainly seems to foreshadow the current older woman/younger man thing, in a
bizarre way. Of course just about everything in this film is bizarre. Bud Cort
is Harold, a young man who is into recreational suicide attempts, and Ruth
Gordon is Maude, who is about to turn 80. Their death-obsessed romance (both
enjoy attending strangers' funerals), accompanied by Cat Stevens's gentle
folk-rock, didn't wow a lot of critics, but it developed a loyal following, and
this week it's the centerpiece of PARAMOUNT IN THE 1970s, a program at the
Museum of the Moving Image through July 1. The film, which shows Friday at 7
p.m. and Saturday at 3 p.m., was directed by Hal Ashby, and consider it
groundbreaking if you like. Earlier in 1971 mainstream America was still
watching ''Green Acres'' and ''That Girl'' on television. It's no wonder a film
with a self-immolation joke didn't immediately click. But it's hard to imagine
many recent TV comedies -- ''Six Feet Under'' for instance -- without ''Harold
and Maude.'' Other Paramount films showing this week: the first two
''Godfather'' movies and ''Paper Moon.'' 36-01 35th Avenue, Astoria, Queens;
movingimage.us, (718) 777-6888.

THIS is the week when the city parks renew their claim on summer concerts,
spearheaded by CELEBRATE BROOKLYN! and CENTRAL PARK SUMMERSTAGE. Both
long-running series have kickoffs at 8 p.m. on Tuesday, honoring enduring
legends of black music, though in strikingly different ways. At the Prospect
Park Bandshell in Brooklyn the tribute comes firsthand, as the reggae superstar
Jimmy Cliff commemorates the 40th anniversary of his album ''The Harder They
Come.'' Things will be a little more complicated in Central Park, with an
all-star tribute to Jimi Hendrix featuring performances by Living Colour, the
Roots, Soulive, G. Love & Special Sauce, the Brazilian chanteuse Bebel Gilberto
and the jazz guitarist John Scofield, among others. It's a season-opening gala,
with a $50 general admission ticket. Both Celebrate Brooklyn! and Central Park
Summerstage have programming stretching into August, and as usual most events
will technically be free. Celebrate Brooklyn!, Prospect Park Bandshell, Prospect
Park West and Ninth Street, Park Slope, (718) 855-7882; $3 suggested donation.
Summerstage, Rumsey Playfield, midpark at 72nd Street, (212) 360-2777.

MAUDE, the original cougar? Watched today the 1971 film ''Harold and Maude''
certainly seems to foreshadow the current older woman/younger man thing, in a
bizarre way. Of course just about everything in this film is bizarre. Bud Cort
is Harold, a young man who is into recreational suicide attempts, and Ruth
Gordon is Maude, who is about to turn 80. Their death-obsessed romance (both
enjoy attending strangers' funerals), accompanied by Cat Stevens's gentle
folk-rock, didn't wow a lot of critics, but it developed a loyal following, and
this week it's the centerpiece of PARAMOUNT IN THE 1970s, a program at the
Museum of the Moving Image through July 1. The film, which shows Friday at 7
p.m. and Saturday at 3 p.m., was directed by Hal Ashby, and consider it
groundbreaking if you like. Earlier in 1971 mainstream America was still
watching ''Green Acres'' and ''That Girl'' on television. It's no wonder a film
with a self-immolation joke didn't immediately click. But it's hard to imagine
many recent TV comedies -- ''Six Feet Under'' for instance -- without ''Harold
and Maude.'' Other Paramount films showing this week: the first two
''Godfather'' movies and ''Paper Moon.'' 36-01 35th Avenue, Astoria, Queens;
movingimage.us, (718) 777-6888.

AS the shapers of classical music taste gnaw on the field's future, relevance
and identity, New Yorkers are living in a golden age of new music. Groups,
festivals and concert series devoted to it saturate the town. This week presents
two very different examples. Under Alan Gilbert as music director the
tradition-bound NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC has expanded its new-music performances,
namely with the Contact! series. The latest program includes two works of
modernist giants: ''Two Controversies and a Conversation'' by Elliott Carter and
''... explosante-fixe ...'' by Pierre Boulez. The Carter is receiving its first
performance in a new, expanded form. Included is ''NACHLESE Vb: Liederzyklus''
by Michael Jarrell, a 53-year-old Geneva-born composer. David Robertson
conducts. 7 p.m. Friday, Metropolitan Museum of Art; 8 p.m. Saturday, Symphony
Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street; (212) 570-3949; $20.

On the other end of the spectrum is the AMERICAN MODERN ENSEMBLE, one of the
myriad small groups of expert freelance musicians playing new music in the city.
It presents a program loosely grouped around the theme of travel, with works by
John Adams, Robert Paterson, Steve Reich, Billy Strayhorn, Erik Friedlander and
D. J. Sparr. 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Merkin Concert Hall, 129 West 67th Street,
Manhattan; (212) 501-3330, $10 in advance, $25 day of show.

FIVE days -- five uninterrupted days, or 117 hours 4 minutes. That's how long it
would take you to listen to all seven volumes of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter
novels, as recorded by Jim Dale in the audio versions. If you read these books
yourself, you could presumably cut that time at least by half (if you don't move
your lips), but it's still a hefty commitment. Even watching the film
adaptations would eat up the better part of a day.

Which is why ''POTTED POTTER: The Unauthorized Harry Experienced -- A Parody by
Dan and Jeff,'' which opens Sunday night at the Little Shubert Theater, is a
godsend to time conservers who value efficiency in storytelling. Created and
performed by Daniel Clarkson and Jefferson Turner, this two-man production
sprints through the Potter series in a breathless (and, word has it, hilarious)
70 minutes. The show, nominated for an Olivier Award in London, runs through
Aug. 12, with a national tour planned for 2013. Think of it as an alternative to
''Gatz'' (the Elevator Repair Service's marathon staging of ''The Great
Gatsby'') for readers who believe brevity really is the soul of wit. 422 West
42nd Street, Manhattan, (212) 239-6200, pottedpotter.com, $39.75 to $69.75.

WHO doesn't love some good old-fashioned pomp and circumstance? Certainly not
the people at BBC America, who have devoted two days to the celebration of QUEEN
ELIZABETH II'S DIAMOND JUBILEE. The pageantry begins Sunday at 8:45 a.m. (all
times are Eastern) as a flotilla of more than 1,000 boats adorned with streamers
and Union Jacks sails down the Thames. A marathon of royal tell-alls, including
multiple showings of ''William & Kate: A Fairytale Romance,'' leads up to ''The
Diamond Queen,'' at 8 p.m. This three-hour assessment by Andrew Marr of the
queen's 60-year reign -- only Victoria ruled longer -- analyzes the effect of
the royal family on British trade and international relations as well as
strategies to modernize the monarchy. On Tuesday at 3:30 a.m. early risers can
catch the queen and Prince Philip as they attend a service of thanksgiving at
St. Paul's Cathedral, followed by a formal carriage procession.

Even the Americans are getting in on the party. ''Concert for the Queen: A
Diamond Jubilee Celebration With Katie Couric,'' Tuesday at 9 p.m. on ABC, stars
Elton John, Paul McCartney, Tom Jones, Annie Lennox, Will.i.am and Jessie J.
performing in front of Buckingham Palace in a 21st-century take on royal
fireworks music.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              July 15, 2007 Sunday
                                 JERSEY Edition

Taking a yardstick to green;
Standards help sustainable design measure up.

BYLINE: By Alan J. Heavens; Inquirer Real Estate Writer

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Inq Real Estate; Pg. J01

LENGTH: 1111 words


When it comes to residential and commercial building aimed at high efficiency,
"green" is the word one often hears. But it's not been the best word to describe
such efforts, some industry experts say.

"It's not a 'bad' word," said John Gattuso, senior vice president of Liberty
Property Trust, which is building the high-efficiency Comcast Center in
Philadelphia. "It's just . . . what does 'green' mean? . . . People have
difficulty technically achieving something that is vague by definition.

"We hear a lot out of Washington these days that sustainable construction will
hamper economic development," he said. "It's just the opposite. It will enhance
economic development."

The word "green" allows people to "marginalize this, to say that we really don't
need to waste time or money, it is simply an affluent dalliance," Gattuso said.

"This is a movement that goes to the heart of society. I don't like to use
'green' because it gives people a place to run to to avoid confronting these
issues."

Jack Armstrong, director of building-construction markets for the North American
affiliate of German chemical-maker BASF, takes those observations a step
further.

"It allows for 'greenwashing,' so the charlatans of the industry are allowed to
say, 'This is a green building,' " he said. "I don't know, maybe they painted it
green . . . but the word just allows very ambiguous connotations."

Greenwashing "is claiming to be 'green' without delivering significant green
benefits," said Sara Lamia, who writes books on sustainable building and is
president of Building Coach Inc. in Fort Collins, Colo.

Building performance "is No. 1. on my list because I think it's most important
to the consumer," Lamia said. Performance includes energy-efficiency and
comfort, achieved through a tight thermal envelope (the parts of a structure
that separate the outside environment from the inside environment, such as walls
and windows), smart solar design, and tight ductwork that remains within a
conditioned (heated or cooled) space.

"If a builder does not deliver these, the home is not qualitatively improved
enough to wear a green label," Lamia said. Performance testing, "which many
builders are avoiding, will determine the tightness of envelope and ducts."

Educating buyers is key, "especially when it comes to showing . . . the benefits
of upgraded, energy-efficient appliances," said Brad Haber, vice president at K.
Hovnanian, the New Jersey-based builder with residential developments in 19
states.

"Buyers are willing to spend more money on cabinets and flooring than on
efficient appliances and systems," said Haber, whose company became an Energy
Star certified builder in 2001-02. "We are interested in high performance, but
if we don't give customers what they want, they'll buy from someone else."

Among the requirements for federal Energy Star builder certification are
providing efficient heating and cooling systems, high-efficiency hot water and
ventilation systems, and proper levels of insulation, as well as using
sustainable materials.

"We think it makes an awful lot of sense," Haber said. "We also use it as a
competitive advantage, because the value of Energy Star is becoming recognized
by the marketplace."

Hovnanian builds one house in nine in New Jersey, which - unlike many other
states, including Pennsylvania - provides subsidies for energy-efficient
construction. It costs $6,000 to $8,000 more to build such houses, Haber said,
but with the state rebate program, 50 percent to 60 percent of that is recouped.

BASF's role in the high-efficiency building movement is easy to understand,
since 15 percent of all chemicals produced are used in construction: acrylics
for paints and adhesives; metal coating for roofs; concrete-additive mixtures;
plastics for vinyl siding, grommets, gears, insulation, and flooring.

"That's $25,000 of pure chemistry in every house," Armstrong said.

He considers the term "high-performance" more accurate than "green" because, as
Lamia also stressed, "performance can be measured."

"If you say, 'This is a U.S. Green Building Council platinum LEED-certified
building,' it means there is a certain content of recycled material in it, a
certain amount of air-flow change in the house that is measurable, a certain
number of [volatile organic compounds] oozing out of the house," Armstrong said.

LEED, or Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, is a rating system
developed by the council that is widely accepted as the measure of a building's
environmental compatibility.

Armstrong oversaw construction of BASF's "Near-Zero Energy" home completed last
year in Paterson, N.J., and is partnering with the East Parkside Community
Revitalization Corp. in West Philadelphia to create a model high-performance
house than can be replicated in blighted neighborhoods nationwide.

"The idea is that one day, we will all live in a zero-energy home," Armstrong
said. "It's all about the energy of the house - the number of watts and
kilowatts and BTUs it takes to heat and cool your house. . . . If you can seal a
house tight and insulate it right, you can get 60 to 70 percent on the way to
zero energy.

"Most people are really surprised by that."

High performance starts with a building's location. With the Comcast Center,
that's on top of Suburban Station, Gattuso said.

"The irony was that for 20 years the surface above the city's main commuter-rail
station was covered with a parking lot," he said. "We decided that space could
support a significant project of this size, and by locating it there it would
reinforce the existing public-transportation network, because high performance
starts with using existing infrastructure.

"You don't abandon existing infrastructure, you reinforce it and give it new
life," Gattuso said.

Embedding buildings with high-performance capabilities - greater use of natural
light, better air quality, sustainable materials - has significant effects on
those who occupy the buildings, he said.

"If, through using greater amounts of natural light, we can achieve the goal of
having employees enjoy coming to work, they stay longer and work better while
they are there, we increase productivity by about 5 percent, we are increasing
the net benefit to employers that reduces their building rent significantly."

Skeptics question the cost of high-performance construction. Armstrong
acknowledged that it can be higher initially.

"Usually there is a learning-curve cost," he said. "Green building should not
cost any more. It should be done with the same cost or less if you are doing it
right, once you know how to do it."

Contact real estate writer Alan J. Heavens at 215-854-2472 or
aheavens@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           October 15, 1998, Thursday

EVERY CRIME IS A HATE CRIME - LET'S KEEP IT THAT WAY

SECTION: Letters@nypost.com; Pg. 034

LENGTH: 534 words


Although the attack on Matthew Shepard, the gay University of Wyoming student,
was senseless and appalling, the usefulness of yet more hate-crime legislation
is questionable ("In Memory of Matthew Shepard," editorial, Oct. 13). Had the
victim been a heterosexual elderly man, the crime would have been equally
appalling. Yet this would not qualify as a hate crime, because the victim is not
a member of one of the designated protected minorities.

Hate-crime bills are extremely problematic because they infer that the same
attack on two different individuals can warrant different criteria for
punishment. Hence, a value judgment is automatically rendered on the worth of
the victim's life.

Murder is murder, whatever the sexual orientation, color or religion of the
victim and whatever the circumstances of the crime. To give special
classification to one group of crimes marginalizes others. Scott Springer,
Manhattan (via e-mail)

Your editorial mistakenly argues that crimes based on bigotry are no more
harmful than those based on greed. Certainly, it's true that Matthew Shepard
would be just as dead if he had only been killed for his wallet. However, hate
crimes do more than just kill one victim.

Remember the violent protests after Yusuf Hawkins was murdered by a white mob in
Bensonhurst? Racial tensions across the city skyrocketed, and crimes of
retribution were committed by both sides against innocent people. None of this
would have happened if Hawkins had been killed by a black mob instead of a white
one, because (like it or not) violence combined with prejudice angers people
more than violence alone.

Hate crimes are especially dangerous because - unlike "ordinary" crimes - they
can infuriate entire populations to the point of further violence against
innocent people. The Hawkins case (not to mention the Rodney King riots) showed
us how one hate crime can trigger a violent chain reaction that threatens us
all.

Since hate crimes pose an unusually severe threat to the stability of society,
we are rightfully entitled to consider such crimes worthy of more severe
punishment. Whit Fisher, Manhattan (via e-mail)

I deplore the vicious beating that led to the death of Matthew Shepard, but I
don't see the need for a federal or even a state hate-crime law. Those
responsible for the murder should pay with their lives, as should anyone who
takes a life.

What does the conscious or subconscious motive have to do with the fact that
someone is murdered? Is a heterosexual life worth less than that of a
homosexual? Is a white person's life worth less than a black person's? People
are brutally murdered all over America every day. What are those - "love
crimes"?

Every citizen of this country has the right to equal protection under the law.
Those laws are already on the books. All we need to do is enforce them. All
human life is precious. Are we to begin looking at murder victims to ascertain
which category of humans to place them in, so we can determine how vigorous we
should be in the investigation and prosecution of their killers?

That sounds like the very essence of the bigotry we're trying to abolish. Bob
Weir, Flower Mound, Tex. (via e-mail)

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1998 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 13, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Education fight is old school

BYLINE: WILLIAM MARCH, wmarch@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1254 words


The conservative wing of the Republican party has been at odds with state
teachers union for years.

By WILLIAM MARCH

wmarch@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - The battle over the teacher tenure bill is the latest in a long-running
war between the Florida teachers union and conservative Republicans.

Led by former Gov. Jeb Bush, the conservative side of the GOP has long sought to
marginalize teachers' unions in Florida, which merged in 2000 to form the
Florida Education Association.

Nonpartisan but Democratic-leaning, it is Florida's largest and most politically
powerful union, with about 140,000 members, including 100,000 of the state's
175,000 public schoolteachers.

Bush wanted to be known as Florida's "education governor," but his reform
proposals, including private school tuition vouchers, more standardized testing
and state-mandated merit pay plans, have put him at odds with the FEA. He has
openly expressed his desire in the past to undercut its clout.

Key allies including state Sen. John Thrasher, sponsor of SB 6, the teacher
tenure bill, and Marco Rubio, former House speaker now running for the U.S.
Senate, helped push his initiatives through the Legislature - some seemingly
aimed as much at the union as at reform.

SB 6 would abolish multiyear contracts for future teachers, base raises largely
on student performance on standardized tests, and eliminate experience as a
qualification for raises.

It passed on near-party line votes by the Republican legislative majorities.

But Gov. Charlie Crist, a fellow Republican who has clashed with Bush and is now
battling Rubio in the Senate primary, is wavering in his support. He must sign
or veto it by Friday.

Even Rubio seemed to waver in an interview Monday, saying he thinks legislators
should fix problems in the bill, and declining to say whether he would sign it.

Bush, the most popular Republican in Florida since Crist's collapse in polls,
initially stayed out of the public eye after Crist replaced him as governor in
2007.

Recently, he has become more outspoken, and SB 6 is the state issue he talks
about most, often through his education think tank, the Foundation for Florida's
Future.

SB 6 is also the hardest hit yet against the union.

"SB 6 is different ? clearly the most direct assault," said state Sen. Dave
Aronberg, D-Greenacres, who's running for attorney general. "This one would
remove their power to collectively bargain. It's a missile aimed right at the
FEA."

More Democrat support

FEA President Andy Ford acknowledged the union supports Democrats far more than
Republicans.

Asked why, he said, "Their respect for unions and collective bargaining, civil
and human rights. They're more willing to fund education, and they're not
anti-public school employee."

A check of state records showed FEA political committees have given more than
$550,000 to the state Democratic Party since 2000, and $1,700 to the Republican
Party.

They also gave to scores of Democratic candidates and causes, while giving to
far smaller numbers of Republicans.

Ford said that money comes from voluntary contributions to the committees. Union
dues pay for publicizing union stands to members, but not for political
activity.

A voucher program moving students out of public schools could shrink FEA's
membership base; so could legislation that cuts its ability to bargain for
members' pay.

Thrasher and Patricia Levesque, director of Bush's foundation, denied that the
foundation was involved in writing or shaping SB 6, although Levesque
acknowledged it is consistent with the foundation's emphasis on accountability.

Thrasher denied it's aimed at eliminating collective bargaining.

If the bill passes, he said, the union will still negotiate the size of raises
that will be determined by student testing, along with other employee benefits.
"They'll still have a role."

"To say Republicans aren't as sensitive to educating our children as Democrats
is a gross misstatement," he added.

Bush's battle with the union began in earnest when he ran for governor in 1994,
espousing an agenda of conservative change, including vouchers. The two unions
that eventually merged to form the FEA opposed him.

On Halloween just before the election, teachers dressed as Grim Reapers drove a
stake through his education proposal, according to a newspaper report.

After his narrow loss to Democratic Gov. Lawton Chiles, Bush started his
foundation and a charter school in Miami.

In 1998, he won the governor's office. With Thrasher as House speaker during his
first two years, Bush passed a sweeping agenda included the A-Plus Plan -
grading schools based on the results of standardized testing - and a statewide
voucher plan.

But the state Supreme Court later ruled the voucher plan violated the state
Constitution's prohibition against using public money to aid religious
institutions.

Two smaller plans survived, one for disabled students and one giving
corporations a tax credit for donating money for private school tuition.

While he was in office, Bush's foundation merged with the James Madison
Institute, a conservative, anti-union think tank that included in its newsletter
a "Florida Teacher Union Watch," publicizing cases of misconduct by union
teachers.

Bush had 'devious plans'

In 2002, the FEA sought to unseat Bush. It spent more than $2 million - more
than double its normal annual political spending - backing Tampa lawyer Bill
McBride, husband of this year's Democratic gubernatorial candidate Alex Sink.

Late in the campaign, Bush, speaking to a group of legislators and unaware that
a reporter was taping his comments, announced jokingly that he had "devious
plans" on education.

One, he said, would frustrate the intent of the constitutional amendment
limiting public school class sizes, which the FEA strongly backed but critics
said was simply an employment measure for teachers.

Another would undercut the FEA's collective bargaining power by imposing a pay
plan controlled largely by state officials - which critics say SB 6 will do.

Bush said he didn't want to explain the plan publicly during the campaign
because it was a "philosophical reversal" of his often-stated goal of local
control of schools.

He easily defeated McBride, and the FEA faced continuing assaults from the
Republicans controlling state government:

*In 2001, Bush had pushed through a plan to provide all teachers an $850 bonus,
bypassing collective bargaining.

*Bush sought unsuccessfully to offer teachers free professional liability
insurance. That would undercut FEA recruiting, because the union also offers
free insurance to dues-paying members.

*GOP legislators unsuccessfully sought to prevent the FEA from collecting dues
by paycheck deduction.

In 2007, after he had left office, Bush allies sought to reverse the Supreme
Court decision against his voucher program.

Rubio, then House speaker, appointed Levesque to the state Taxation and Budget
Reform Commission, where, with support from other Bush allies appointed by
Rubio, she successfully proposed a constitutional amendment that would weaken
the prohibition on aid to religious institutions.

The FEA and others sued and blocked the amendment from the ballot.

Regardless of SB 6's fate, the battle isn't over.

Aronberg said conservatives consider this election year an ideal chance to move
their agenda.

"There's a sense of urgency I haven't seen before," he said. "It's unfinished
business for Jeb Bush."

Reporter William March can be reached at (813) 259-7761.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             March 31, 2008 Monday
                                  CITY Edition

Clock ticking on Chambers

BYLINE: DON WALTON, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Day 50 of the 2008 Legislature.

Eleven more legislative days for Ernie.

And when the Legislature meets again in 2009, there will be an enormous void.

Lots of time ahead to try to assess the legislative career of Ernie Chambers and
his impact on the state. No doubt, a number of journalists, scholars and
students will attempt to do that.

But let's start with a few random observations as the clock ticks down on the
most famous member of the Legislature.

In the beginning, Chambers was viewed with some fear and trepidation. Approached
warily, if at all.

Later, as his talents became obvious, it was suggested he could accomplish more
if he were less challenging and more accommodating. Go along to get along. Be
more like us.

Tone it down.

No.

Chambers didn't want to be like his colleagues. And he would not be co-opted. He
would confront and challenge them.

And there would be no way to ignore or marginalize him because he would marshal
his intellect and energy and rhetorical skills.

And he would master their rules and make them confront topics and issues and
unpleasantries and words that would make them uncomfortable.

And sometimes he would deal in excess and make them wince and squirm.

In confronting them, he has confronted all of us about racism and the
legitimacy, or hypocrisy, of our religious faith.

Do our lives reflect our professed, and often piously stated, beliefs or faith?

Is it real?

Or is it rote?

Yikes.

There's much more to the Chambers legacy than any list of legislative
achievements, which ought to include laws prevented as well as improved or
enacted.

Include in that legacy topics and issues and wrongs that would not have been
discussed, views that would not have been aired.

Ernie changed perceptions, forced confrontations, opened eyes and sometimes
minds.

He shone a light in the dark corners where we do not go.

He challenged a state and its legislators and its citizens to face the reality
of our imperfections, pretensions, often mean and hateful stereotypes.

Our injustices.

Our less than benign neglect.

And the fact that racism and prejudice and poverty and inherited, or sometimes
purchased, privilege are real.

And that we ought to do something about it.

If we're fortunate, he will continue to challenge and confront and discomfort us
in a new role.

OPEN TO INVITATION

Chuck Hagel told a couple of hundred people who jammed Lee Booksellers on Sunday
he's open to the possibility of serving in the administration of the next
president.

However, he said, it would depend on "where the president wants to take this
country" and whether he has fundamental disagreements with him or her.

Media speculation, both national and international, has pointed to the
possibility of Hagel being offered a Cabinet post as either secretary of defense
or secretary of state in an Obama administration.

During a question-and-answer session at the bookstore, Hagel was specifically
asked about a London newspaper story focusing on defense secretary.

"I would seriously consider doing that," he said. With Bush administration
policies "breaking our Army," he said, the next administration needs to "turn
this around."

Hagel and Barack Obama appear to be in much closer agreement on Iraq policy and
the need to diplomatically engage potential adversaries, such as Iran and Syria,
than the Nebraska Republican is with John McCain, the presumptive nominee of his
own party.

Although Hagel chose no sides as he signed books in Lincoln, he did tell one
questioner he believes the country needs a coalition government.

"I think the next president will have to reach out and form a real bipartisan
Cabinet," he said.

In order to "find a consensus to govern," he said, the president needs to "reach
out to the other party."

During a Friday night appearance with Charlie Rose on PBS, Hagel said he
believes among the three remaining candidates, including Hillary Clinton, Obama
would have the best chance of bringing the country together because of his
generational appeal.

FINISHING UP

* Asked by a questioner at last week's Democratic meeting in Grand Island to
identify his sources of national TV news, Tony Raimondo said he watches CNN, Fox
and Bloomberg. The questioner suggested he add "Bill Moyers Journal" on PBS.

* Among the top five reasons cited by Ben Nelson at Saturday night's Omaha Press
Club show as to why it'll be good to become Nebraska's senior senator next year:
"I get to oversee elections in developing democracies like Pakistan,
Afghanistan, Iraq and Florida."

* Hagel will be a guest tonight on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show with Jon
Stewart."

* Play ball!

Reach Don Walton at 473-7248 or dwalton@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Chuck Hagel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 16, 2007 Friday

S P E A KUP

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 268 words


The new homestead tax break is great; it will help us stay in our house a few
more years. All the property taxes that were approved take it away, though, and
more.

We're putting too much emphasis on alternative fuel. We need to think more about
alternative power. But we're not going to see any of this alternative power
because the people who are making such huge profits off oil aren't going to
shift over.

If conservatives continue hating gays, blacks, foreigners and anything not
wrapped up in the Bible, the Lord will continue to marginalize their party and
influence.

Perhaps if Oprah

Winfrey hadn't stepped across the world to help children, and instead helped the
ones right here in her own back yard, her reputation wouldn't be tainted.

The problems of this world will never be settled unless our national leaders go
to God in prayer.

The Dayton Bombers deserve a better fate than what the Nutter Center gives them.
Their banners need to be displayed to show that there are champs in town other
than the Wright State Raiders.

Here's a novel idea: Rename the Dayton Daily News the "Dayton Democratic News."
This will more correctly identify the "news" it contains. Then, publish a
different newspaper for the rest of us. Hire writers who are fair.

Noncitizens should not vote in America. Let them go back to their own countries
and vote.

Please don't identify intolerant rightwingers as Christians. There is nothing
Christian about their views. Jesus would have driven them out of the Temple
along with the money changers.

If the Clintons won't release some of their papers, perhaps Sandy Berger could
steal them.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 19, 2002 Thursday Home Edition

New 'heart of town' may cause palpitations

BYLINE: COLIN CAMPBELL

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 559 words


When people talk about all the good things being built around Centennial Olympic
Park, the larger message is often that downtown Atlanta as a whole is coming
back.

But consider a devilish possibility: Maybe the success of the new park district,
a few blocks west of the city's traditional center, will draw people away from
the older area. Maybe it will marginalize the old core in new ways.

Lots of people have enthused about the park being the new "heart of town," but
how many hearts can an organism have? Maybe Peachtree, Five Points, Underground,
Fairlie-Poplar, Woodruff Park and even the hotel district will seem less
attractive by comparison.

This line of thinking will seem absurd to downtown's planners and boosters. They
like to portray downtown as a vast unity. But real life could work out
otherwise. And I'm not alone in thinking that the old core could easily be
marginalized if the city fails to deal with its numerous vagrants, beggars,
campers, mental cases, addicts, winos, drifters, hustlers, hangers-on and other
street people.

Not to mention the guys police say break into cars.

The official upbeat scenario sees the Centennial Olympic Park district drawing
people into the entire area and encouraging them to circulate from Midtown in
the north to Castleberry in the south, from the Old Fourth Ward to the Marietta
Street corridor.

Everything is positively connected, in short. And when the park district gets
its new Georgia Aquarium and new World of Coke museum --- plus some new hotels
and new condos --- the creativity will spread. It won't just build on Centennial
Olympic park, CNN, Omni Hotel, Embassy Suites Hotel, Georgia World Congress
Center, Georgia Dome and Philips Arena; it will link people up with Peachtree
Street and Five Points and so on.

There'll be more people and interest everywhere, according to the upbeat
scenario --- even at night and on weekends.

But this process, though plausible and perhaps likely, certainly isn't
guaranteed.

Remember that the park district is the beneficiary of huge amounts of
institutional investment and attention. Turner money, Olympic money, Coke money,
Marcus money. State money, city tax breaks, hundreds of millions of dollars
worth of tax-free government bonds. All these and tons of free publicity have
pumped up Atlanta's new "heart."

The state of Georgia, moreover, polices the park and some nearby attractions.
That's one reason the district (unlike downtown's old heart) hasn't become a
dormitory for vagrants.

With a few more hotels, the park district could become a virtually
self-sufficient destination. Add more restaurants, condos and retail --- plus a
fast shuttle to some shoppers' paradise such as Lenox or Atlantic Station ---
and bingo, you've got an alternative downtown, a slightly Disneyfied zone for
tourists and conventioneers that might keep you amused for a couple of days.

If you also had a hotel room there --- or if you were just driving into town to
see a game and visit the aquarium and attend an event at the World Congress
Center --- why would you need to visit Peachtree Street at all? Or Underground?
Or Fairlie-Poplar? Especially if it meant fending off the street people.

This city is crazy if it keeps ignoring a problem that visitors and residents
have complained about for years.

ccampbell@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 19, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Republican 'Turncoat' Is Still a Viable Candidate

SECTION: Section 14LI; Page 27; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 184 words


Perhaps as many as 50 percent of eligible voters fail to vote because they feel
ill served by both parties. They constitute the largest bloc of the electorate.

Despite the problems with Democrats and Republicans described in "A Looming
Donnybrook on the East End" March 5 , Representative Michael P. Forbes may be
able to make a case to the predominant nonvoting bloc that he is willing and
able to represent their interests, that he deserves their support and that there
is no longer any justification for those on the sidelines to sit out the
election because they lack confidence in his motivation to serve them.

If Mr. Forbes can bestir a sufficient number of the politically disengaged, he
could generate more than enough votes to compensate for the loss of the
establishment types who are still in a snit over his defection from the
Republicans to the Democrats.

Mr. Forbes has a message that is primed for the biggest neglected group in the
electorate. Properly cultivated, the sleeping tiger could easily marginalize all
his naysayers and then some.

MIKE WILNER
St. James

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 30, 2005 Saturday Home Edition

Saturday Talk

BYLINE: TOM GRAMLING, STEPHEN KILBRIDE, ROSE BIGELOW, GAIL WILLIAMS, ELIZABETH
REFUSS, JANE ROBBINS, DERK B. ALLISON, STEVE ZIMMERMANN, RONALD C. WADE, MELVIN
A. GOODMAN, MARIELLEN JACOBS, RUSSELL CAMPBELL, PATRICK THOMAS

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 15A;

LENGTH: 1673 words


Panhandling: Responses to "Beg ban called a must," Metro, July 23

Marcus OK with illegals 'begging' for work

I find it ironic that Home Depot co-founder Bernie Marcus is so concerned about
the panhandlers downtown.

In the seven years I've worked downtown, I have never had a problem with
panhandlers --- but anytime I go to the Home Depot on Sydney Marcus Boulevard or
Lawrenceville Highway, I am inundated with day laborers panhandling for work.
They are loitering on Marcus' property, but Home Depot turns a blind eye to
their criminal activity. I assume that the presence of an abundant, easily
exploited work force brings more contractors into Marcus' stores, making this
form of panhandling acceptable to him. But this type of panhandling is worse
than the homeless guy asking for change. By allowing day laborers to beg for
jobs in front of Home Depot, Marcus is fostering illegal immigration and worker
exploitation among both legal and illegal workers as wages and benefits are
driven down.

Before Marcus complains about downtown panhandling, he should stop it at his own
house.

TOM GRAMLING, Decatur

Support of GOP worsens problem

Bernie Marcus has the right to express his opinions, but donating a $200 million
aquarium to Atlanta does not give him the right to tell the City Council how to
deal with the panhandling issue.

To reduce homelessness and its societal repercussions, Marcus should stop giving
megabucks to the Republican Party. Stagnation of the minimum wage, lack of
access to affordable health and child care and the general futility of trying to
make it on a working person's salary are causing more homelessness.

Marcus demonstrates chutzpah bigger than one of his fish tanks by trying to
conceal and marginalize the victims of a system he himself helps to perpetuate.

STEPHEN KILBRIDE, Atlanta

Beggars force us to self-examine

It is absurd to suggest that panhandling will deter tourists from our city.

Having been to cities all over the United States and around the world, I have
found not one that lacked the annoyance of constant requests for assistance. The
begging has never stopped me from dreaming of being back in the beautiful cities
of Cape Town, San Francisco, San Jose and many others.

Panhandlers help keep our lives in check. When one approaches, we are faced with
a mirror reflecting the status of our heart. Getting rid of them would only feed
the growing monsters of classism, favoritism and complacency.

ROSE BIGELOW, Atlanta

Don't be Baltimore

Bernie Marcus is right --- the success of the whole tourist area in Atlanta
depends on banning panhandlers.

On a recent trip to Baltimore, I stayed at a nice hotel a block from the Inner
Harbor and I couldn't believe the amount of homelessness, panhandling and
sleeping in the alleys near the hotels and tourist areas. I will never go there
again.

GAIL WILLIAMS, Atlanta

Instead, be Chicago

Perhaps the Atlanta City Council should look to Chicago.

Our family just returned from a two-day visit and not once were we approached
for a handout. The rapid transit system, parks, major thoroughfares and side
streets were free of people begging for handouts. We saw only two people asking
for money --- and they held signs.

ELIZABETH REFUSS, Fayetteville

GOOD NEIGHBORS

The Journal-Constitution reserves this space each week to give readers an
opportunity to say thank you for kind deeds they have recently seen or
experienced.

Send your stories of good neighbors and good deeds to the Journal-Constitution
via e-mail to letters@ajc.com; via fax to 404-526-5610 or 404-526-5611; or by
regular mail to P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta, GA 30302. Letters submitted to The
Atlanta Journal-Constitution may be published in print, electronic or other
formats.

Kindness was no accident

Last Thursday night, my son was involved in a serious traffic accident at
Clairmont Road and I-85. He wasn't hurt but was quite shaken up.

When my husband arrived at the crash scene, he found our son standing with a
gentleman who had heard the collision and had seen our very upset teenager on
the side of the road. This gentleman took the time to stay with our son until we
arrived. We didn't get his name, but we want him to know how much we appreciate
his kindness.

JANE ROBBINS, Stone Mountain

Wallet's return helps 'poor soul'

After leaving Jacksonville Beach early one morning recently, I stopped for
breakfast in Tifton. Two hours later, I stopped for gas in McDonough and
discovered that my wallet was missing.

When I got home, a message on my answering machine from the Tifton Police
Department said they had my wallet. It seems a Tifton city employee had found it
at the restaurant where I had eaten and turned it in. When I called, an officer
said she would be happy to mail me my wallet, which she did. Since the wallet
was a Christmas present from my parents, I was thrilled to get it back.

I want to thank the good folks in Tifton for helping out a poor soul from
Atlanta who needs all the help he can get.

DERK B. ALLISON, Acworth

Tort reform: Responses to "Doctors"thanks' solicited," Page One, July 23

It's official: The Legislature can be bought

State Sen. Eric Johnson has proved something we've all thought to be true, but
now we know for sure: Our Legislature can be bought.

By sending out letters to those in the medical profession soliciting donations
(aka tort reform thank yous), he effectively stood on the rooftop and shouted,
"If you have enough money, you can buy any legislation that you want . . . call
my office."

We shouldn't be surprised, but I am surprised at the audacity of this request.
We should all be saddened that this Legislature represents us, because we are
represented only if we have money to spend. We need to ask ourselves: Do they
really care about tort reform, or just about the donations it earned them?

STEVE ZIMMERMANN, Kennesaw

No story on trial lawyers' political donations

Medical professionals give a few hundred thousand dollars to support
long-overdue tort reform, and it's front-page news to The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution. Trial lawyers have given millions over the years to defeat
tort reform. Refresh my memory as to when that got Page One headlines.

RONALD C. WADE, Greensboro

Conspiracy theories: Responses to "McKinney reopens 9/11," News, July 23

Hearing addressed issues of substance

Bob Kemper's article was unfair to Rep. Cynthia McKinney, the hearing's
participants and his readers.

Most of the testimony dealt with the flaws of the 9/11 commission and the reform
proposals, the reform legislation of 2004 and the policies of the Bush
administration that have led to a tragic, unnecessary war in Iraq. Testimony
from family members of Sept. 11 victims concentrated on the need for further
investigation, not on conspiracy theory. My testimony criticized the commission
for ignoring issues of accountability and promoting reforms that merely
redesigned the architecture of the intelligence community. None of the reforms
would have prevented the intelligence abuses of the run-up to the Iraq war, let
alone another terrorist attack.

References to conspiracy theory came from questions to the participants, most of
whom strongly disagreed with the emphasis on conspiracy. The hearing concluded
that much work needed to be done on the Sept. 11 attacks, noted areas for
continued research and query, and outlined a new U.S. national security policy.

MELVIN A. GOODMAN

Goodman, of Bethesda, Md., is a senior fellow at the Center for International
Policy and a former CIA analyst.

Not worthy of ink used to print story

I cannot properly convey my shock and disgust at seeing a half-page of The
Atlanta Journal-Constitution devoted to Rep. Cynthia McKinney's lunatic revival
of the Sept. 11 "conspiracy."

The article revealed no new evidence --- just the same old screed she has been
shouting since the tragic day our country was attacked, the same rant that cost
her her seat in Congress. She still claims that President Bush knew ahead of
time and let it happen to acquire more power --- more power than leader of the
free world? I have seen nothing from Bush but determination to root out
terrorism and compassion for its victims.

Shame on the AJC for giving McKinney that much ink. I guess she believes that if
you scream a lie often enough, and have the media provide a forum, it becomes
true.

MARIELLEN JACOBS, Acworth

McKinney even embarrasses Dems

As a proud Democrat, I'd like to say that Cynthia McKinney is an embarrassment
to me, the Democratic Party and the nation as a whole.

Though I'm not by any stretch of the imagination a fan of President Bush, I
don't for a second believe that his administration played any direct part in the
terrorist attacks. Yes, they made mistakes leading up to Sept. 11, but
McKinney's claims are beyond the pale.

McKinney was ousted in large part due to the outrageous statements she made on
this subject, and I'm astounded that anyone in her district would vote for her
again. I also blame Denise Majette for seeking a Senate seat she had no chance
of winning and giving McKinney another chance at her old seat. For the
betterment of the country, McKinney should resign.

RUSSELL CAMPBELL, Fayetteville

Left-wing loonies boost GOP's ranks

Thank God for Cynthia McKinney --- loony left-wing liberals like her are
convincing more people to vote Republican and keep Congress and the White House
out of the dangerous hands of Democrats.

If she wants to blame a president for Sept. 11, then she should blame Bill
Clinton. On his watch, Osama bin Laden's gang of murderers bombed the World
Trade Center, our embassies in Africa and the USS Cole. But Clinton was too busy
with Monica Lewinsky in the Oval Office to do anything except lob a few cruise
missiles into an empty al-Qaida training camp in Afghanistan and a drugstore in
Sudan.

The sad thing is that McKinney is such an embarrassment for Georgia.

PATRICK THOMAS, Woodstock

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Rep. Cynthia McKinney led a Capitol Hill hearing on July 22 on
whether the Bush administration was involved in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. ;
Bernie Marcus opens a news conference Tuesday to unveil the Georgia Aquarium's
ballroom. He says the success of the aquarium and the revival of downtown
Atlanta will require a ban on aggressive panhandlers.

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Black crosses stir dialogue on injustice

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 568 words


The spiral staircase that is racial progress keeps bringing us back around to
the same point. If we're smart, though, we at least end up on a higher plane.

That's the hope for SUNY Buffalo State's week of dialogue on race and social
justice, a project launched amid today's flash points - from Ferguson to
Baltimore to the University of Missouri - but that recalls similar efforts in
Buffalo nearly two decades ago.

Why can this effort prove more fruitful? Maybe because timing is everything.

Pointing to events across the nation, Buffalo State professor William White
calls this "a pregnant moment" for birthing a dialogue that can bring real
change.

"We really hope that there is increased awareness" of the number of people of
color who have lost their lives, said White. He's director of faculty
development and an organizer of the Black Cross Project that began with the
installation of 300 small black crosses representing the number of unarmed
blacks projected to have had fatal encounters with police from 2012 to year's
end.

But beyond police reform, the goal is to spark a larger conversation "about what
it means to live in a country that promotes social justice but marginalizes
significant numbers of people."

Paradoxically, that could be a tough conversation to initiate in an era when
outrage over police abuse has gone viral, yet the phrase "black lives matter"
prompts virulent backlash and a news story about the Buffalo State project
evokes online comments about reverse racism and black crime rates.

Still, White isn't ready to give up, not even on those who don't grasp the
structural dimensions of inequity.

"I don't think you can write anyone off. Education is not a product; it's a
process," he said, recalling a poll as far back as the early 1960s in which four
out of five whites thought blacks had equal opportunity, a reflection of the
national narrative we have constructed to comfort ourselves. He said the
challenge is to scratch below the surface of that narrative and have a
conversation that moves us "beyond what I think I know" to what's actually
happening.

In a drizzle at Tuesday's formal unveiling, White called the crosses "visual
reminders" of that unseen reality, which manifests itself in disparities not
just in policing, but in the courts, housing, education and employment.

If Buffalo State can spark a conversation about all of that - this week and
beyond - this community can benefit far more than it did from earlier such
efforts.

The Rev. Stan Bratton, executive director of the Network of Religious
Communities, was among those engaged in "study circles" and a "Buffalo
Conversation" about race in the 1990s. He remembers some reforms coming out of
that effort, but that major changes like creating a civilian review board went
nowhere.

Still, Bratton is glad to see a new generation taking up issues of racial
justice.

"People and players change. It's a different environment than in the '90s," he
said. "You might have done it then, but you've got to do it now."

And what about those who tire of such discussions in a "post-racial" era? He
points to the racial disparities in poverty, unemployment and incarceration
rates. "Have the numbers changed?" he asked. "The core realities are still
there. You can see it in the facts."

But first you have to look. In that sense, the honest conversation that Buffalo
State is sparking can be an eye-opener.

email: rwatson@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Holder sees defense of civil rights as legacy

BYLINE: Sari Horwitz

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1069 words


Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. was getting ready to give a speech at the
Lyndon B. Johnson Presidential Library in Austin when he glanced up at a giant
video screen where old photographs of Johnson were being displayed. He was taken
aback by what he saw.

In an image that captured the historic day the president signed the 1965 Voting
Rights Act,  a young woman was standing nearby whose face Holder recognized
immediately: his late sister-in-law, Vivian Malone, one of two young students
who had walked past Gov. George Wallace in 1963 to integrate the University of
Alabama.

The first African American attorney general hadn't known that Malone was with
the president when he signed the Voting Rights Act, which would become the
cornerstone of modern civil rights law. That emotional day for Holder two years
ago, aides say, was a pivotal moment in deepening his already strong commitment
to the body of law that protects minority rights.

That commitment has driven a series of recent decisions by the attorney general,
including his denunciation of "stand your ground" laws in Florida and about 30
other states, as well as the Justice Department's move to intervene last week in
a redistricting case in which officials say Texas is threatening to marginalize
minority voters. Holder has made it clear that the defense of civil rights will
be the centerpiece of the remainder of his term - and, he hopes, his legacy.

"The attorney general's plate is full of every kind of legal issue that is
presented involving the United States," said Columbia Law School professor Ted
Shaw, a longtime friend of Holder's. "But enforcing the civil rights laws is
near and dear to his heart. And it has been for a long time."

Holder's determination to defend civil rights has exposed him to allegations
that he is effectively trying to circumvent the law.

"Once again, the Obama administration is demonstrating utter contempt for our
country's system of checks and balances, not to mention the U.S. Constitution,"
Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) said last week.

Sen. John Cornyn (R) said Texans "will not stand for the continued bullying of
our state by the Obama administration."

But the Justice Department has signaled that it will take fresh legal action in
voting rights cases in a number of states - part of its effort to blunt the
effect of the Supreme Court ruling that invalidated a critical part of the
Voting Rights Act.

On Monday afternoon, Holder met for 45 minutes at the White House with President
Obama, Labor Secretary Thomas Perez and a coalition of civil rights leaders to
emphasize the administration's commitment to ensuring full access to the polls.

Sitting at the president's side, Holder told the group that Justice officials
will try to work with Congress on a long-term fix to the section of the Voting
Rights Act that was invalidated, said an official who was briefed about the
meeting.

Holder also told the civil rights leaders that Justice plans to bring lawsuits
against individual states to subject them to pre-clearance through the courts.

"We are going to be able to walk and chew gum at the same time," he told the
group.

The Rev. Al Sharpton, who attended the meeting along with other leaders of
African American, Hispanic and Asian groups, said: "We've been assured by the
president and the attorney general that they will continue to aggressively fight
to protect the right of all Americans to vote. We are very encouraged by that."

The Monday meeting at the White House was the latest in a month of announcements
and speeches that has placed Holder front and center in the national debate over
civil rights.

Shortly after the verdict in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin, 17, in
Florida, Holder gave two speeches to African American organizations, vowing to
continue investigating the shooting as a possible federal civil rights
violation. In a speech in Orlando, Holder denounced state stand-your-ground laws
that allow people to defend themselves with deadly force if they think their
lives are endangered.

"These laws try to fix something that was never broken," Holder said, adding
that the measures "senselessly expand the concept of self-defense" and may
encourage "violent situations to escalate."

In the same speech, Holder foreshadowed his next target: voting rights. He said
he was "deeply disappointed" by the Supreme Court's "flawed decision" in its
June ruling in Shelby County v. Holder.

Although the Justice Department's decision to intervene in Texas has gained much
attention, administration officials say the Obama administration is likely to
initiate a lawsuit against Texas over its voter-ID law, as well as a suit
against North Carolina if it passes a strict voter-ID measure.

In Texas, Justice is asking a judge to require that the state get pre-clearance
on all voting law changes for 10 years.

Perez, who headed the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division before becoming
labor secretary, said Holder's recent actions reflect his longtime commitment to
protecting civil rights.

"He set a tone from the outset that the Civil Rights Division was going to
fairly, independently and aggressively enforce all the civil rights laws on the
books," Perez said.

Holder, upon becoming attorney general, met with the Civil Rights Division
before any other division at the department. Since 2009, the division has opened
16 investigations of troubled police departments, issued 11 findings of
misconduct of law enforcement agencies and reached 11 agreements for
comprehensive reform.

Washington pundits speculated last year that Holder would step down after harsh
criticism about the botched "Fast and Furious" gun operation run by the Bureau
of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. The House voted to cite him in
contempt of Congress for withholding documents and some lawmakers called for his
resignation.

Shaw, Holder's good friend from Columbia Law School, said he does not know when
Holder will leave the post. But he's sure of one thing: it will be when the
attorney general thinks he has accomplished his goals and is ready to go.

"Eric is someone who is very strong," Shaw said. "He is low-key in nature, but
people shouldn't mistake that for someone who can be pushed around. A lot of
those folks on the Hill wanted his scalp last year. They had their frenzy and
they foamed at the mouth. And he is still there. "

sari.horwitz@washpost.com

David Nakamura contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Georgia: Floating NAV Likely to Drive Corporates Out of MMFs

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Association for Financial Professionals, The State of Georgia has issued the
following news release:

The Security and Exchange Commission's proposal of floating Net Asset Valuation
for prime money-market funds will drive corporates to other investments, two new
reports assert.

In a new commentary, Institutional Cash Distributors (ICD) argues that the
repercussions of implementing a floating NAV would marginalize investment in
MMFs and lead companies to move cash into alternative and riskier investments.

ICD notes that most of the debate surrounding MMFs has taken place between
academics, economists and regulators, while little focus has been placed on the
"ground level" accounting and operational issues that would affect the daily
trading process. ICD argues that moving to a floating NAV would force
variability on a product whose value is inherently stable.

The commentary points out that corporates--the largest users of MMFs by a wide
margin--benefit primarily from the NAV being stable. They carry MMFs as cash
equivalent investments without needing to track and report on the daily
fluctuations in the value of their portfolio. Allowing the NAV to float would
require corporates to monitor their mark-to-market value and report on any
minute gains and losses.

Rather than being forced to report on a multitude of slight gains and losses,
ICD concludes that corporates would be more likely to either move investments to
ultra-short-term bond funds or offshore MMFs. "The offshore fund market has
experienced fairly consistent growth over the past few years; a trend that would
continue and indeed accelerate if U.S.-based investors can no longer find the
right investment products domestically," the report said.

Moreover, MMFs provide corporates with same-day liquidity, allowing them to sell
shares and receive the proceeds from their redemption on the same day.
Corporates are thus able to better manage day-to-day operating cash and draw
down on their investments only on the day that it is necessary. ICD sees
floating NAV disrupting this immediate liquidity. Needing to re-price shares for
marginal fluctuating valuations would require MMFs to either:

Deliver cash on the same day but after the funds are priced for the day
    Price multiple times per day to deliver to the investor in a timely manner
    Settle on all transactions the day after pricing (or T+1).

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce agrees. Last week, the lobbying group released a
new report that claims that companies that invest in MMFs would abandon them if
the NAV was allowed to float.

According to the report, written by Treasury Strategies, moving from a stable
NAV to a floating NAV would cost organizations $1.8 billion to $2 billion up
front. Additionally, investors could face $2 billion to $2.5 billion in new
annual operating costs.

Treasury Strategies estimates that approximately 8,000 to 10,000 corporations
invest in MMFs. Many do not have the resources to comply with the proposed
rules, and the Chamber instead sees them moving cash into bank deposits and
riskier investments.

"If they are willing to sacrifice some of the key benefits of money-market
funds, only the largest money-market fund investors will be able to absorb the
high cost of compliance," the report argues. "Middle market corporations,
states, and municipalities that rely heavily on MMFs as stable liquidity tools
will have to bear disproportional cost and disruptions or be compelled to move
cash out of MMF instruments into bank deposits or other less regulated
short-term investment vehicles."

Corporate treasurers at a recent CTC roundtable discussed the prospect of a
floating NAV at length. Nearly all of them indicated that they would at least
consider pulling out of prime funds if such a measure were to be implemented.
"How comfortable can you get if it's a floating rate with no S&P and Moody's
ratings? My guess is, people are going to walk away from the floating rate,"
said one treasurer.

AFP members echo the sentiments of these groups and are still troubled by the
impacts that changing to a floating NAV could have on the short-term investment
options available to investors.  "In many instances, MMFs are the investment
option that most closely matches the risk/return profile sought for surplus
operating cash," said Jeanine H. Arnett, AFP's Director of Government Relations
and Policy.  "Changing to a floating NAV would significantly change the
risk/return profile of MMFs and will thereby be less attractive to many
investors."

For further information please visit: http://www.afponline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday

THE KOCH BROTHERS' WAR

BYLINE: ROBYN BLUMNER

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 5P

LENGTH: 747 words


Iimagine the tycoons Charles and David Koch must have a war room or more
precisely a "war on liberal ideas" room, where plans are laid for well-funded
assaults on progressives. Their targets are easy to guess: Democrats, unions,
public school teachers, trial lawyers, environmentalists, the judiciary and
academia. Like some deranged game of Risk, the brothers strategically deploy
their riches to destroy, marginalize, subvert or infiltrate each of these
constituent groups, with the result being that poorly funded progressives are
overrun as easily as Poland.

The latest bombshell is from St. Petersburg Times writer Kris Hundley, who
exposed a 2008 agreement between the Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation and
Florida State University for $1.5 million. The money was to fund faculty
positions in a new program promoting "political economy and free enterprise." It
came with the unconscionable condition that the foundation's handpicked advisory
committee hold veto power during the hiring process.

Disgraceful, yes, but this is just the newest revelation in what has been a
well-reported mission by the Koch brothers to use their vast wealth, estimated
at $22 billion each, to alter America's thinking and turn average people against
every government program that makes their lives better and more secure.

If you're reading "tea party" here, you've got that right - call them the Kochs'
boots on the ground. But the Koch brothers know that they can't rely solely on
America's angry, gullible, know-nothings to change the national direction. Their
ultra-conservatism needs a veneer of intellectual credibility, which is why for
decades the brothers have lavished resources on a host of think tanks and
academic institutions that are willing to make a case for anything a billionaire
without a conscience would want.

And it's paid off handsomely. Policies on lowering taxes on wealth, dismantling
Medicare, extinguishing labor rights and trashing environmental regulation, have
been finding their way into political action at the federal and state levels
ever since Reagan.

This year has been a banner one for the Kochs. We've seen frontal political
assaults on their entire enemies list, with Republican governors and
legislatures, including in Florida, going after public sector unions, the
independence of the judiciary, public school teachers, you name it. The brothers
have successfully insinuated their extreme brand of libertarianism into
Republican DNA.

University economics departments, like FSU's, are part of the mercenary army
that give the Koch brothers legitimizing cover.

George Mason University, a public university in Virginia, is one of the best
examples. The Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation has given more than $30
million to it over the last 20 years. The foundation's pet project is the
school's Mercatus Center, over which it exerts tremendous control. The institute
touts itself as "the world's premier university source for market-oriented
ideas." Its scholars helped to mold the Bush administration's anti-regulatory
policies.

West Virginia University is another public university that receives Koch funds,
and has struck a deal similar to that of FSU, according to Hundley. The West
Virginia Public News Service reported last year that Koch money goes for two
professors and two graduate students in the university's economics department,
including Donald Lancombe, whose research includes how the minimum wage
increases unemployment, and how manufacturing jobs may be boosted through limits
on unions.

At FSU, the newly exposed controversy has put President Eric Barron on the
defensive. On Tuesday he sent a letter to "friends and colleagues" claiming that
FSU "did not sell its academic soul," (doth he protest too much?) but promising
to "prevent outcomes like this in the future."

Meanwhile the American Association of University Professors blasted FSU with a
statement titled "The Perils of Outside Control," saying FSU has "crossed a
line." The AAUP noted the obvious: Accepting a grant with these conditions means
consenting "to ideological conformity from the outset." Ya think?

The Kochs may not like taxes, but they sure like to leverage public funds to
advance and amplify their own ideological agenda. That agenda leaves the middle
class without a government protector in the face of laissez-faire capitalism.

Welcome to the Koch brothers' war. Once America's progressives are fully snuffed
out, we will all be its casualties.

- rblumner@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            February 14, 2005 Monday

LET EX-CONS KNOW THEY CAN VOTE

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 525 words


It's been a longtime quirk of American justice that convicted felons lose, in
addition to their freedom, their right to vote even after they've served their
sentence.

As near as anyone can tell, this is a throwback to medieval Europe, when
ex-offenders were pariahs, deprived of property rights and subject to ill
treatment from societies bent on vengeance.

And while the 15th Amendment to the Constitution declared that the right to vote
"shall not be denied on account of race, color or previous condition of
servitude," many states interpreted that as applying to freed slaves, not freed
felons -- who, in their view, had somehow lost their citizenship.

This flies in the face of the notion of "paying a debt to society," since
presumably that debt is paid when a convict is freed or at least when he or she
serves out parole or probation.

It's tough enough for an ex-con to get a decent job as part of "going straight"
-- and that's part of the penalty paid for committing crimes. But to deny the
right to vote? All that does is further marginalize ex-cons who supposedly have
been welcomed back into society.

These are people who should be encouraged to get their lives back in order --
before they give up on society and revert to criminal ways. Instead, for much of
our nation's history, we've contradicted a basic notion of fairness.

In New Mexico, ex-cons were disenfranchised for life -- until four years ago,
when then-Senate leader Richard Romero led a legislative effort to restore them
the vote.

It was a long-overdue human-rights reform -- but as voter-registration activists
discovered during last fall's election campaign, it still needed some work: Many
ex-cons, unaware of the 2001 law, told the registrars they had lost their voting
rights forever. And there was confusion among some county clerks as to whether
felons would be allowed to vote.

Rep Gail Beam, D-Albuquerque, has come up with a sensible solution:
Certification that the felon has completed his or her term, and has regained the
right to vote. The Corrections Department would issue a certificate saying so
and would inform the person of that right.

And her bill, House Bill 64, goes a step further: The Corrections Department
would notify the Secretary of State's office that the person is entitled to
register. That office, in turn, would notify all county clerks of that
eligibility.

Some law-and-order types might argue that the measure amounts to bending over
backward for bad people. But the American Correctional Association, whose
members are prison officials, has gotten behind a nationwide effort to right
wrongs done to ex-cons.

Their logic is solid: Society demands responsible behavior from those freed from
prisons. Besides encouraging the ex-offenders not to commit any more crimes,
that demand has a positive side: civic participation. The corrections group
cites data indicating that, in states where they can do it, ex-offenders who
vote are less likely to end up back in prison.

Rep. Beam's bill is the excellent extra step missing from our state's
voter-rights restoration. Her fellow legislators, and Gov. Bill Richardson,
should put it on our statute books.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        May 4, 2001 Friday, Home Edition

Reader respones

BYLINE: Timothy Cummings, Jimmy Sample, Katy Shriver, Philip Manson, Kerry
Skelton, Peter Vajda, Jim Crovatt, Mary Reed, Don Bender

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 1238 words


REPUBLICANS GOP record no better

I disagree with a recent letter that stated Republicans are more law-abiding
than Democrats ("Law-abiders are safe," May 2). For starters, let's talk about
the president's daughter and her recent underage drinking charge ("Bush
daughter, 19, ticketed on alcohol charge," News, April 28).

Second, there's Matt Glavin, former president of the Southeastern Legal
Foundation, and his charges of public indecency. KERRY SKELTON, Buford

Long, sordid list of characters

So, a letter-writer believes that Republicans are more law-abiding than
Democrats ("Law-abiders are safe," May 2)?

Here are some so-called law-abiding Republicans I can think of right off:
Adulterer and former Rep. Newt Gingrich; convicted perjurer and former Rep. Pat
Swindall; former head of the Southeastern Legal Foundation Matt Glavin, who was
charged with public indecency.

Of course, let's not forget the leaders of the pack, former Sen. Joseph McCarthy
and disgraced former President Richard Nixon.

I have never known a single Democrat who resorted to violence, such as those
Republican extremists who kill abortion providers, to solve a problem or advance
a cause.

We don't burn minority churches, crosses on minority folks' front lawns or rail
against and marginalize gays and lesbians. Republicans who live in glass houses
shouldn't throw stones. PHILIP MANSON, Conyers

CENSORSHIP Art not always pretty

In light of the censorship of John Steinbeck's play "Of Mice and Men," I wish to
send an understanding to every community. Literature is art. Art is a reflection
of life and human nature. As much as we want it to be, art is not always pretty.
Sometimes what is reflected is scary, but it is who we are.

Steinbeck wrote a play that was an accurate reflection of life in the 1930s. The
issues of the play should not be the language or the racial slurs. The message
that Steinbeck relates through his beautifully written characters is, "Don't
make these mistakes again."

When we as a society lose the ability to appreciate literature beyond face
value, we lose the most important window into our own lives. The only way to
prevent recurrences is to recognize the mistakes we've made in the past. KATY
SHRIVER, Dacula

PC rules run amok

Political correctness has managed once again to defile the sanctity of
literature. A high school play rendering "Of Mice and Men" has been canceled due
to so-called inflammatory language of a racial nature. I could have sworn that
was part of the book.

Religion has been amputated from schools. State flags torn down. School
newspapers burned or removed, all in the name of being politically correct.

These mind-boggling actions by people or groups who seek some twisted sort of
racial or religious stability are accomplishing nothing more than increased
tension and division between people. Wasn't there a large ruling party somewhere
in Europe not long ago which censored books and authors, told the people what to
read and watch, and told the people what is acceptable and what is not?

Somewhere in Germany perhaps? JIMMY SAMPLE, Villa Rica

PRESIDENT BUSH One word: Evil

President Bush has proven disastrous for the environment and mankind. The only
word I can use to describe his administration and policies is "evil." We are
headed for some bad times, and the media and politicians know this guy is wrong
for the country. He proposed a massive tax cut, but the average working family
gets crumbs while the rich get richer. He has taken money from kids' programs.

Bush is leading this country down a road in which there is no return.

Brothers and sisters, all we can do now is pray because the worst is yet to
come. TIMOTHY CUMMINGS, Milledgeville

Straight-A report card

Regarding a recent letter that gave President Bush straight F's for his first
100 days: I give him an enthusiastic A for his first 100 days. I give him an A
for the economy and the way it has surprised us with a better-than-expected
performance. I give him an A for foreign policy, particularly for not giving in
to China's ridiculous demands for an apology and for getting the crew home
safety. I give him an A for trying to work with Congress on a tax cut that
Americans deserve. I give him an A for his ability to surround himself with a
qualified, knowledgeable and law-abiding staff. I give him an A for
bipartisanship.

And I give him an "A-plus" for expressing confidence and optimism. These
qualities are greatly needed in this age, when negativity and cynical attitudes
seem all too common. MARY REED, Atlanta

Missile shield misguided

I'm confused as to why the Bush administration would consider spending up to
$100 billion for a national missile defense system when the real danger we face
comes not from a warhead on the end of a massive missile but from deadly
microscopic germs and viruses one can carry on the tip of a pen through any
port, across any border or into any building with little or no detection.

I feel my dollars would be better spent researching the germ warfare scenarios
that are ever more plausible in this century, rather than returning to fight the
good fight of the Cold War years.

It's often been said that when one has an agenda, there's no room for truth. If
President Bush's agenda is to serve big business and his loyal right-wing
supporters with windfall defense contracts, it's no wonder there's no room for
other positions to be heard on this issue.

At the end of the day, as far as this missile defense system goes, it's truly
misguided. PETER VAJDA, Atlanta

Quit using racial labels

A recent letter on race has left me confused ("Prejudice's result," April 23).
It explains that labels such as "black history" were created to counteract a
racist society that isolated a race, thereby creating the need for a form of
separatism. Yet its closing arguments state that racism will only die when we
rid ourselves of these very same labels.

I cannot help but conclude that the very act of labeling stokes the fire of
racism. I look forward to the day when all labels cease. The labeling game goes
back and forth. And as of now, the ball is currently in the court of those who
think it is important to use labels. I am waiting for the next move. JIM
CROVATT, Savannah

Stand tall against racism

Several decades ago, Ralph McGill spoke out courageously against racism. He took
his position even though he knew he would be branded as a traitor by some
whites.

In that same tradition of speaking the truth in the face of intimidation,
Cynthia Tucker has spoken out against the shameful meeting on Monday night when
the Atlanta City Council voted to accept a patchwork district, whose sole
"merit" was to protect the incumbent, Sherry Dorsey.

The tone of the meeting was shocking. The heavy tone of intimidation in the air
was described well by Tucker in her May 2 column ("Racist calculations,
diatribes won't help Atlanta councilwoman").

I recall being in a civil rights march in South Georgia in the late '60s,
walking along a street lined with white people, their faces distorted with rage.
Their rage intensified when they spotted those of us who were white, because we
were seen as traitors. And it is African-Americans who stand up to the Dorseys
who are in for the most venomous attacks, because they also are seen as
traitors. DON BENDER, Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: May 04, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Newt Gingrich Photo:
Matt Glavin

TYPE: Letters

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 10, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

'Old Men' and Monuments

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A30; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 348 words


I am a veteran of World War II, one of the "old, old men" Paul Hendrickson
referred to in his Nov. 12 front-page story, "A Day Flooded With Memories." Like
Bebe Faas Rice [Free for All, Nov. 21], I think the Nov. 12 piece about the
veterans shows inappropriate bias against the elderly. I also find it a little
scary. It is scary because its condescending tone fits an ominous historical
pattern.

About 30 or 40 years after each serious war, a mood of chauvinism seizes our
country. Some 30 years after the war of 1812, we undertook the discreditable
Mexican War. Again, some 30 years after the terrible Civil War, we were ready
for the next adventure, the Spanish American War.

Why the generational cycle? I suggest that we tend to patronize and marginalize
our combat veterans when they get old. We no longer seek their opinions. The
civilians begin to sing war songs once the combat veterans, who know better,
have fallen silent. The civilians take over the creation of the war monuments.

Compare the Civil War monuments erected in the 1870s with the monuments dating
from the 1890s. The monuments of the 1870s, similar to our Vietnam Memorial,
tend to be soldiers' monuments, characterized by somber lists of fallen
comrades. If a soldier is depicted at all, he is likely to be standing, looking
tired and patient. Monuments dating from the 1890s tend to feature heroic
oversized statues and chauvinist inscriptions glorifying the great and noble
victory.

I fear we have reached that point again. The World War II veterans are quaint
"old duffers," and the civilian chauvinists now are intent on a huge memorial in
the center of the Mall glorifying our victory and our collective heroism --
maybe even a triumphal arch.

I suggest there be a poll on the planned World War II memorial, with only combat
veterans of that war voting. Just the "old, old men" and only those who
experienced what World War II really was. I do not believe they will want our
Mall to be burdened by a grandiose and untruthful statement about waging war.

PAUL L. KANE

Washington

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 3, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Sad State of the Parties

SECTION: Section 4;  Page 10;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 732 words


Thomas Kean's decision not to run for the New Jersey Senate seat being vacated
by Bill Bradley is at once sad and instructive. It is sad because he was a
useful Republican Governor and in all likelihood would have been a useful
senator. It is instructive for what it reveals about Washington, about the
disheveled condition of our two major political parties and about the ferment
affecting American politics in general.

Mr. Kean's reasons for not seeking membership in the Senate broadly parallel Mr.
Bradley's reasons for leaving it. Mr. Bradley said he was "disgusted with the
politics of both parties" and their inability to find common ground. Mr. Kean,
rather more passionately, said that Washington in general and Congress in
particular had become uncivil, "mean-spirited" and relentlessly inhospitable to
moderate voices like his own.

He did not single out his own party for special blame. But it was clear from the
context of his remarks that the city he wants no part of is a city over which
Bill and Hillary Clinton preside in theory and the Republicans preside in fact.
These are people, he said, "who don't want my views down there" and who would
quickly find ways to "marginalize" him with minor committee assignments.

This is not without irony. Mr. Kean was a party star of the 1980's. He was much
admired even among conservative Reaganites who did not always share his views,
and he was chosen to deliver the keynote address at the Republican convention
that nominated George Bush in 1988. But by the next convention in 1992, a
gathering dominated by the likes of Pat Buchanan, he had become a forlorn
figure, trying without success to persuade the platform writers to include a few
compassionate words in their plank on abortion. The right wing marginalized him
then and there.

Mr. Kean's decision signals unrest in the Republican Party in much the same way
that Mr. Bradley's decision reaffirms the decay of the Democratic Party. The
Democrats' problems have been widely chronicled. Three House Democrats and one
Senate Democrat have already defected to the Republicans this year and more
departures are anticipated. Bill Clinton has not greatly altered Washington's
cozy culture or transformed his party. Even so, the President still has a
reasonable chance for re-election, especially if Republican primary voters and
convention delegates indulge their taste for candidates with the meanest
vocabularies and narrowest positions.

Despite its numerical strength, the G.O.P.'s Congressional wing does not seem
particularly content, perhaps because of intramural strife over who ought to be
President. Right-wing partisans are sore because Newt Gingrich and Bob Dole did
not deliver on term limits and a balanced budget amendment. Silenced or
disaffected moderates like Mr. Kean, meanwhile, are aghast at Mr. Gingrich's
wholesale rejection of the Federal Government's historic obligation to provide
relief for the poor and remedies for the shortcomings of the marketplace.

In short, neither party can count on that vast, testy body of middle-class
voters who tend to decide elections and who, right now, are worried about their
economic prospects, cynical about sound-bite politics and frustrated with the
ineffectiveness of government. They are madder at the Democrats than the
Republicans, but their disgust is generalized enough to feed continual yearnings
for a third party. That is why Ross Perot is still around, why Lowell Weicker
thinks about the White House, why pundits (and Colin Powell's book publicists)
keep touting a Powell candidacy.

Kenneth Duberstein, Ronald Reagan's chief of staff, put the matter this way in
an interview with a Times reporter: "People are clicking off politicians. In '92
they clicked off George Bush. In '94 they said they were clicking off Bill
Clinton and the Democrats. The next channel we may turn to is an independent
channel."

Political parties, of course, are capable of astonishing change. Both parties
have endured cycles of disintegration and resurrection. Perhaps the Republicans
will find some way to include their Tom Keans. Perhaps the Democrats can build a
strong new house. But there is no evidence that either is really trying. All we
are hearing -- as Congress and the President return to work -- is that clicking
sound, the sound of people channel-surfing through the political landscape.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            November 9, 2012 Friday

Gender gap haunts Republicans in Senate races;
Stung by Senate losses, Republicans reflect on women's issues debacle

BYLINE: JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1014 words

ABSTRACT

Republicans were hurt by comments by candidates concerning rape, battles in
Congress over abortion, financing for contraception and a piece of legislation
to protect victims of domestic violence.

FULL TEXT

Republicans, hoping to gain seats in the U.S. Senate, knew that their limited
appeal among minorities would be a problem, as would party infighting. But they
did not expect to be derailed by the definition of rape.

Comments by two Republican Senate candidates concerning pregnancies that result
from rape - which came after months of battles in Congress over abortion,
financing for contraception and a once-innocuous piece of legislation to protect
victims of domestic violence - turned contagious as one Senate candidate after
another fell short of victory.

In Indiana and Missouri, where voters are reliably conservative, Republicans
lost their Senate battles even as many of those voters rejected President Barack
Obama. In Wisconsin, the Republican candidate, a former governor, lost to a
female lawmaker who is decidedly more liberal than much of the state. In
Connecticut, women over all turned against a Republican candidate who frequently
reminded voters that she was a grandmother.

Being a woman did not offset being a Republican when it came to winning many
congressional seats among female voters. While one Republican woman, Deb Fischer
of Nebraska, will join the Senate in January, Democrats will add four women as
senators, including Heidi Heitkamp, who was declared the winner in the race for
North Dakota's open Senate seat, the last undecided contest. There are now 17
women in the Senate, and 2 of them, both Republicans, are retiring.

Republicans in the House entered the election with 24 women. Now, unless another
one prevails in late tallies, there will be 21. There are 52 women among the
Democrats in the House, and 61 are expected in the next Congress.

Some Republicans conceded that they had worked to marginalize Representative
Todd Akin after he suggested during his failed bid for a Senate seat in Missouri
that a woman's body was able to prevent a pregnancy resulting from ''legitimate
rape.'' They did so because they were worried that their party was increasingly
seen among voters as preoccupied with issues like the one sponsored by
Republicans in Virginia that would have required women to undergo vaginal
sonograms before they could have an abortion.

''We have a significant problem with female voters,'' said John Weaver, a senior
Republican strategist. Mr. Akin's comments, Mr. Weaver said, ''did not seem like
outliers.'' Nor, he added, were those made by Richard E. Mourdock, whose Senate
campaign in Indiana was derailed in spectacular fashion after he said in a
debate that it was ''God's will'' when a pregnancy resulted from rape.

''They did not seem foreign to our party,'' Mr. Weaver said. ''They seemed
representative of our party.''

The comments had resonance, some Republicans said, in part because Democrats,
seizing on the remarks and repeating them, worked hard to tar the entire party
as being insensitive to women.

Congressional Republicans' heavy focus on social issues affecting women - like
their proposals to reduce financing for Planned Parenthood and their challenge
of an Obama administration ruling requiring insurance coverage for contraception
- set the groundwork for those perceptions.

''What was really frustrating is that there was this myth manufactured by
Democrats in Washington that the Republican Party as a whole is against women,''
said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine.

Ms. Collins said she watched with disappointment as her friend Senator Scott P.
Brown of Massachusetts was tarred by the broader fight and lost his bid for
re-election, to a woman.

''There is no doubt we need to do a better job as a party in reaching out to
women, recruiting strong women candidates and sending a more positive message,''
Ms. Collins said.

Women were not just turned off by perceived threats to their reproductive
rights, Mr. Weaver said, but also by the tough tone that the party has taken
toward immigrants and the poor.

''We have to reach across a whole host of policy reforms,'' he said. ''For
instance, immigration may not seem like a women's issue, but as Ronald Reagan
and Bush 41 and Bush 43 for a while seemed to understand is that when you reach
out to one group, it helps you across the board. We need to be changing our
tone, to be standing for something and not just against things.We can be for
health care and for equal pay for equal work without undermining our
conservative principles.''

The problem with female voters was reflected at the top of the ticket: Mr. Obama
beat Mitt Romney by 11 points among women.

The numbers also lined up against Republicans in congressional races. In
Indiana, Mr. Mourdock's opponent, Representative Joe Donnelly, won 53 percent of
women's votes, compared with Mr. Mourdock's 41 percent, in a state that Mr.
Romney won handily.

In the Connecticut Senate race, men were evenly divided, 49 percent to 49
percent, but women favored the Democratic candidate, Representative Christopher
S. Murphy, 60 percent to 39 percent, over the Republican, Linda E. McMahon.

In Virginia, 56 percent of women voted for the Democrat, Tim Kaine, and 44
percent went to George Allen, the Republican, who lost the race.

Some Democrats played down the importance of women's concerns on Wednesday,
preferring instead to credit the candidates they recruited.

''Offensive comments from Todd Akin and Richard Mourdock did not decide this
election,'' said Senator Patty Murray of Washington, the chairwoman of the
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.

Either way, Republicans said their party had work to do.

''It has never made sense that my party, the party of individual freedom and
personal responsibility, thinks the government should be involved in issues''
like abortion, Ms. Collins said. ''We are the party that trusts individuals to
make their own decisions. That is one of the defining issues of the differences
between Republicans and Democrats. So this is just bewildering to me.''

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 14, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

The 'lucky' world of black men

BYLINE: Julianne Malveaux

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 409 words


Former Democratic vice-presidential candidate Geraldine Ferraro recently chose
to try to drive a wedge among voters on the issue of race and gender.

"If Obama was a white man, he would not be in this position," Ferraro, a
supporter of Hillary Clinton, told a California newspaper. "And if he was a
woman, he would not be in this position. He happens to be very lucky to be who
he is."

With a woman and a black man vying for the first time for the Democratic
presidential nomination this year, women of color are increasingly being asked
whether they are voting their race or their gender -- as if we could divide
them. The truth is, race and gender are intertwined for black women, and both
are determinants in their economic, social, political and educational status.

The intersection of race and gender also has created a third burden for black
women: the way the majority of society marginalizes black men. A stunning
example of this third burden is evident in the labor market. In February, the
white unemployment rate was 4.3%, while the black jobless rate was 8.3%. For
those older than 20, 6.5% of African-American women were unemployed, compared
with 7.9% of African-American men. The fact that black men take a greater
economic hit than others in this economy is a burden to black women because we
have futures that are intertwined.

African-American women often are the mothers, daughters, sisters and wives of
the African-American men who have extremely disparate outcomes in our society --
more likely to be arrested, less likely to work, more likely to be marginalized,
less likely to attend college. The status of African-American men affects the
quality of life for African-American women.

So, Obama is "lucky to be who he is" in this campaign? This is the same luck
that results in too many African-American men being pulled over by police simply
because of their skin color. The same luck that finds large numbers of black
males wallowing in poverty, drugs and hopelessness.

Luck? For many African-American women, this election is not simply about gender
or race. It is about the many economic, social and educational barriers they
face, along with their men, and who will be the best candidate -- female or
male, black or white -- who will finally begin to address their many burdens.

---

Julianne Malveaux, president of Bennett College for Women, was guest editor of
the National Urban League's State of Black America report released this month.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

March 17 Readers' letters: Facebook housing project will widen income inequality
gap

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 791 words


Facebook only adding to income inequality

Queenie Wong's article (Page 1A, March 16) reporting that Facebook is
considering building more employee housing units is disconcerting, because it
contributes to California's ever-widening income inequality gap. CNN Money
reports, in 2012, 329,000 Californian residents had a net worth of $2 million or
more. Likewise, in 2013, Stanford's Center for Poverty reported that 25 percent
of Californian children live in poverty, due to the exorbitant housing costs.
And yet the Menlo Park City Council appears ready to approve this Facebook
suburb and thus threaten to further marginalize middle to lower socioeconomic
families who already cannot afford $2,594 for a one-bedroom apartment. As a
student at San Jose State University, I question how Councilman Peter Ohtaki can
be, in his words, "pleasantly surprised ... and pretty enthused" about this
suburb for the rich. Is Ohtaki also pleasantly surprised, and pretty enthused,
about a 25 percent child poverty rate that will surely increase with decisions
like these?

Victor Lecha III

Santa Clara

Biking is wonderful, but wear a helmet

According to a 2014 U.S. Department of Health and Human Services report, bicycle
injuries result in emergency-room visits for adults at a rate two times higher
than the next highest sports activity (basketball). Biking is a great pastime,
but it is dangerous, even with proper safety gear. The core fact is that helmets
save lives and reduce the severity of injuries. I challenge these detractors to
go spend one weekend afternoon at any local ER to see the number of cyclists
coming in. Many of them had helmets on, but their injuries would undoubtedly
have been more severe if they didn't. Ask any ER doctor what she feels about
this mandatory helmet proposal -- I'm confident that if the ER doctors who have
firsthand knowledge of the benefits of bike helmets were to vote on this
proposal, it would be a landslide in favor of requiring adult usage.

Tom Baker

Saratoga

Tsunami triggered Fukushina devastation

In expressing opposition to the PG&E report on earthquake safety at Diablo
Canyon, Daniel Hirsch, a lecturer on nuclear policy at UC Santa Cruz, said "As
Fukushima demonstrated, earthquakes larger than a reactor was built to withstand
can have devastating consequences." My response is the demise of the Fukushima
unit was caused not by the earthquake itself, but by the tsunami triggered by
the earthquake.

R. B. Hamilton

Los Gatos

Partnership would ensure best care

As retired county employees and public health professionals, we are pleased to
see the continuing interest of Santa Clara County Health and Hospital System in
purchasing O'Connor and St. Louise Hospitals. While change can be challenging,
we are confident that the combined "culture of caring" from each of these
institutions will make for an even better health care system. Each of these
agencies serve the poor, but "poor" are not the only patients receiving care
from the VMC clinics and hospital. Many current and retired county employees, as
well as individuals and families with private health care insurance, elect to
receive primary and speciality services, as well as hospitalizations from this
nationally recognized institution. If a purchase is made, it is our hope and
belief that this partnership will bring out the best each system has to offer
for continuous improvement in health care services for Santa Clara County
residents.

Sandy Couser and Barbara Rieder

ALPHA (Advocacy, Leadership Public Health Action) San Jose

Stop watering grass, restore state's beauty

California's aquifers are at record lows. The snow pack, another key water
resource, is also at record lows. NASA says we have one year of water left. I
love California; when I get out of the city into the natural state of this
state, the ground is brown. That is normal here; not green grass, black asphalt,
or grey concrete. If you love California, too, let's restore it to its natural
beauty. Stop watering the grass. Please.

Derek Tennant

Santa Clara

Poorest hit hardest by tobacco taxes in U.S.

I wish Charles Bruffey (Letters, March 14) had done a little more homework. He
would have discovered that, according to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, California has the lowest percentage of smokers after Utah in the
nation. He would have learned that there are 31 states with a higher tobacco tax
and a higher percentage of smokers -- 15 of them have tobacco tax of $2 or
higher. Higher tobacco taxes failed to reduce smoking in 31 cases. Can we please
put this argument to rest? Is it revenue we are after? According to the CDC,
while 18 percent of the U.S. population smokes, 29 percent of those below the
poverty line do. Who are we taxing?

Laith Naaman

Cupertino

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 18, 2012 Wednesday

Wikipedia and other websites shut down to protest online piracy bill

BYLINE: By Patrick May pmay@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Financial Markets; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 894 words


As Wikipedia and other websites go dark Wednesday in what backers are calling
the largest Internet protest ever, the epic battle between Silicon Valley and
Hollywood over online anti-piracy legislation continues to heat up, even as many
Web surfers scratch their heads over what it all means.

The fight is over the Stop Online Piracy Act, a bill now stalled in the U.S.
House of Representatives that's aimed at stopping the spread of pirated copies
of movies and other content by "rogue" websites overseas. Heavyweight supporters
of SOPA such as Time Warner and the Motion Picture Association of America are
butting up against tech titans such as Wikipedia, Google ( GOOG ) and Facebook ,
which argue that the legislation could lead to widespread censorship.

Here is a guide to help understand SOPA and a parallel bill in the Senate called
the Protect IP Act:

Q: What is SOPA?

A: Backers say the bill is necessary to rein in copyright infringement,
specifically from pirate sites outside the United States, by essentially cutting
off their oxygen supply, says Eric Goldman, director of the High Tech Law
Institute at Santa Clara University and a neutral observer in the debate.

"We can't send in the feds to bust them," he said, "and the intellectual
property, or IP, owners can't go after them in U.S. court. So these bills create
ways to marginalize websites by cutting off their domain name or their money
supply, doing things like requiring credit-card companies to stop making
payments to the sites and require ad networks to drop them as customers."

Q: Aren't there already laws that punish online pirates?

A: The 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act does provide enforcement measures.
For example, if someone uploads a copyrighted song to YouTube, the act gives the
song's rights holder the ability to send a notice demanding the site remove it.
In this case, YouTube must let the offending uploader know the song has been
flagged, and that person in turn could object and even appeal the matter in
court.

But SOPA proponents say that because the copyright act doesn't have the legal
teeth to bite down on overseas offenders, new legislation is crucial if
made-in-the-U.S.A. content is to be protected in the global wilderness of the
Internet.

Q: Why would anyone have a problem with such a law?

A: Much of the controversy lies in the legislation's vague, even esoteric
language. And as Goldman points out, "the intermediaries like the credit-card
companies may not be as careful as the law requires them to be, and they could
cut off a legitimate website that they mistook as a rogue. These intermediaries
doing the dirty work could make mistakes."

Q: Why are the two sides so adamant about their positions on the bills?

A: Tiffiniy Cheng, director of online-freedom advocacy group Fight for the
Future, says both the SOPA and the Senate bill as written "give corporations too
much power to take down entire sites over what they consider a copyright
infringement. And the language in the bills is really vague when it comes to
'enabling copyright infringement.' "

Cheng says the vagaries of the legislation could encourage credit-card companies
and ad networks to "go on the safe side and comply with all requests from rights
owners to shut down a site, even if it's not really doing anything wrong. Plus,
it could lead other sites to self-censor their posts to risk even the chance of
liability."

But in a statement supporting SOPA, the Motion Picture Association of America
points out that "the potential harm from rogue sites -- exposure to malware,
identity theft, unsafe and untested medicines and other counterfeit products,
and lost jobs and income for creative workers -- is profound. Too much is at
stake for us to allow rogue sites and those who operate them to continue to
steal creative works with impunity."

Q: Who are the online protesters and what do they hope to achieve?

A: MoveOn.org is joining Reddit, Wikipedia, Mozilla and thousands of other
sites, many of them in Silicon Valley, in a show of opposition to what they call
"Internet censorship legislation that threatens free speech and technology
innovation on the Internet."

Cheng said more than 7,000 websites have agreed to take some sort of online
action to rally opposition to the two bills, with Wikipedia planning to go dark
for 24 hours starting 9 p.m. PST Tuesday. Other sites, including Mountain
View-based Google, planned to issue protest statements on their home pages.

Q: What's the political prognosis for the legislation?

A: Both bills are currently tied up in Congress, with the Senate bill on hold
while SOPA's fate is pending action by the House Judiciary Committee. More
shadows loom after the Obama administration issued a statement saying, "We will
not support legislation that reduces freedom of expression, increases
cybersecurity risk or undermines the dynamic, innovative global Internet."

San Jose State business professor Jeffrey Gaines suspects both bills are "dead
on arrival until after the November election because of intense lobbying on both
sides. We may eventually see a boiled-down version that targets some of the more
controversial issues in the bills. But when lawmakers try to legislate
individual issues like this, the net result is that the lobbyists find other
ways to get around them."

Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689. Follow him at Twitter.com/patmaymerc.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LONDON, ENGLAND - JANUARY 18: A laptop computer displays Wikipedia's
front page showing a darkened logo on January 18, 2012 in London, England. The
Wikipedia website has shut down it's English language service for 24 hours in
protest over the US anti-piracy laws. (Photo by Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
Google's home page had a black bar across its logo and link to sites opposing
SOPA and PIPA Wednesday in protest of the SOPA and PIPA bills.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Wikipedia and other websites shut down to protest online piracy bill

BYLINE: By Patrick May pmay@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 894 words


As Wikipedia and other websites go dark Wednesday in what backers are calling
the largest Internet protest ever, the epic battle between Silicon Valley and
Hollywood over online anti-piracy legislation continues to heat up, even as many
Web surfers scratch their heads over what it all means.

The fight is over the Stop Online Piracy Act, a bill now stalled in the U.S.
House of Representatives that's aimed at stopping the spread of pirated copies
of movies and other content by "rogue" websites overseas. Heavyweight supporters
of SOPA such as Time Warner and the Motion Picture Association of America are
butting up against tech titans such as Wikipedia, Google ( GOOG ) and Facebook ,
which argue that the legislation could lead to widespread censorship.

Here is a guide to help understand SOPA and a parallel bill in the Senate called
the Protect IP Act:

Q: What is SOPA?

A: Backers say the bill is necessary to rein in copyright infringement,
specifically from pirate sites outside the United States, by essentially cutting
off their oxygen supply, says Eric Goldman, director of the High Tech Law
Institute at Santa Clara University and a neutral observer in the debate.

"We can't send in the feds to bust them," he said, "and the intellectual
property, or IP, owners can't go after them in U.S. court. So these bills create
ways to marginalize websites by cutting off their domain name or their money
supply, doing things like requiring credit-card companies to stop making
payments to the sites and require ad networks to drop them as customers."

Q: Aren't there already laws that punish online pirates?

A: The 1998 Digital Millennium Copyright Act does provide enforcement measures.
For example, if someone uploads a copyrighted song to YouTube, the act gives the
song's rights holder the ability to send a notice demanding the site remove it.
In this case, YouTube must let the offending uploader know the song has been
flagged, and that person in turn could object and even appeal the matter in
court.

But SOPA proponents say that because the copyright act doesn't have the legal
teeth to bite down on overseas offenders, new legislation is crucial if
made-in-the-U.S.A. content is to be protected in the global wilderness of the
Internet.

Q: Why would anyone have a problem with such a law?

A: Much of the controversy lies in the legislation's vague, even esoteric
language. And as Goldman points out, "the intermediaries like the credit-card
companies may not be as careful as the law requires them to be, and they could
cut off a legitimate website that they mistook as a rogue. These intermediaries
doing the dirty work could make mistakes."

Q: Why are the two sides so adamant about their positions on the bills?

A: Tiffiniy Cheng, director of online-freedom advocacy group Fight for the
Future, says both the SOPA and the Senate bill as written "give corporations too
much power to take down entire sites over what they consider a copyright
infringement. And the language in the bills is really vague when it comes to
'enabling copyright infringement.' "

Cheng says the vagaries of the legislation could encourage credit-card companies
and ad networks to "go on the safe side and comply with all requests from rights
owners to shut down a site, even if it's not really doing anything wrong. Plus,
it could lead other sites to self-censor their posts to risk even the chance of
liability."

But in a statement supporting SOPA, the Motion Picture Association of America
points out that "the potential harm from rogue sites -- exposure to malware,
identity theft, unsafe and untested medicines and other counterfeit products,
and lost jobs and income for creative workers -- is profound. Too much is at
stake for us to allow rogue sites and those who operate them to continue to
steal creative works with impunity."

Q: Who are the online protesters and what do they hope to achieve?

A: MoveOn.org is joining Reddit, Wikipedia, Mozilla and thousands of other
sites, many of them in Silicon Valley, in a show of opposition to what they call
"Internet censorship legislation that threatens free speech and technology
innovation on the Internet."

Cheng said more than 7,000 websites have agreed to take some sort of online
action to rally opposition to the two bills, with Wikipedia planning to go dark
for 24 hours starting 9 p.m. PST Tuesday. Other sites, including Mountain
View-based Google, planned to issue protest statements on their home pages.

Q: What's the political prognosis for the legislation?

A: Both bills are currently tied up in Congress, with the Senate bill on hold
while SOPA's fate is pending action by the House Judiciary Committee. More
shadows loom after the Obama administration issued a statement saying, "We will
not support legislation that reduces freedom of expression, increases
cybersecurity risk or undermines the dynamic, innovative global Internet."

San Jose State business professor Jeffrey Gaines suspects both bills are "dead
on arrival until after the November election because of intense lobbying on both
sides. We may eventually see a boiled-down version that targets some of the more
controversial issues in the bills. But when lawmakers try to legislate
individual issues like this, the net result is that the lobbyists find other
ways to get around them."

Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689. Follow him at Twitter.com/patmaymerc.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            December 9, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Ex-cop's uniform an Occupy no-no, Ramsey says

BYLINE: BY STEPHANIE FARR; farrs@phillynews.com 215-854-4225

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 348 words


A RETIRED city police captain who's been wearing his uniform to Occupy Wall
Street was given written notice by Commissioner Charles Ramsey and the
Philadelphia Fraternal Order of Police that they do not support his protest
attire.

If FOP President John McNesby has his way, the retired captain, Ray Lewis, a
24-year veteran, would be booted from the FOP and lose his retirement benefits.

"I champion him for going up there and pleading his case, but he shouldn't have
done it in a police uniform," McNesby said. "When he put the freaking uniform on
is when he crossed the f----ing line."

Lewis, now of upstate New York, retired eight years ago and joined the Occupy
Wall Street protest in New York City on Nov. 15, when the Occupiers were evicted
from Zuccotti Park.

He said he did so in his full uniform because it'd be harder for the media to
marginalize him to mainstream America.

Two days after he joined the movement, Lewis was arrested on his 60th birthday
for disorderly conduct and related offenses as he blocked a street with others.

Recently, Lewis, who is back in Zuccotti Park in uniform, got separate letters
from Ramsey and the FOP. The first told him to cease wearing a uniform; the
latter said a motion regarding his conduct had been referred to the FOP's
grievance committee for " action."

In his letter, Ramsey said Lewis' conduct was "disrespectful."

"Police officers take pride in being that independent third party and not taking
sides," Ramsey said yesterday. "He is giving the appearance that that's not the
case in Philadelphia, and it is the case in Philadelphia."

Ramsey said it's about wearing the Philadelphia police uniform while acting as a
protester. However, he admitted there's not a lot he can do.

"We put him formally on notice," he said. "Should the NYPD or any other
department feel he's impersonating an officer, then we certainly would not stand
in the way of those charges."

Lewis said he found the letters "disgusting."

"It's purely bullying and intimidation tactics, and I am profoundly
disappointed," he said. "You are not going to intimidate me."


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Middle-America protest

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. H

LENGTH: 569 words



HIGHLIGHT: D.C. Tea Party demonstration was large - maybe very large - and
normal folks were the norm.


The picture that emerged from the coverage by most (not all) of what are still
described as the "mainstream" media of the Tea Party protests Saturday in
Washington, D.C., was of a dangerous, violence-prone fringe group of haters who
have unaccountably come to dislike President Barack Obama and all his works, or
have been manipulated by Fox News, and many of whom are more than tinged with a
bit of racism.

This is no doubt comforting to those who find it difficult to imagine any
opposition to this administration and its ambitious plans intellectually or
morally creditable. But from what we have been able to piece together from many
who were there and the experience of some of our staffers attending and
observing demonstrations in the nation's capital, this is hardly an accurate
picture.

Following up on large-scale protests with effective political action is
notoriously difficult. But it appears that this protest represented a genuine
middle-American wave of concern, sometimes exaggerated, at the truly stunning
expansion of government power and spending that the Obama administration has
begun and apparently plans to continue. Obama supporters would be wise not to
take too seriously efforts to marginalize or downplay this sentiment.

Of course, any large-scale political demonstration, especially one that attracts
TV cameras, will feature a noisy fringe element, and this one was no exception.
Signs and posters equating Obama with Hitler and Stalin could be found in almost
as great abundance as signs equating George W. Bush with Hitler at anti-war and
other demonstrations during the previous administration. Such signs tend to
confirm the prejudices of those who oppose the cause or causes being espoused by
demonstrators and discredit those with sincere concerns, but there seems no way
to keep them out.

Crowd estimates at such events also tend to vary wildly, with opponents
preferring to stick to modest guesses and proponents to inflated estimates. Thus
estimates of Saturday's crowds varied from about 60,000 to 2 million. Local
officials pegged it at "in excess of 75,000" while a local police agency
estimated 1.2 million. The National Park Service doesn't make estimates anymore.

Nick Gillespie of Reason.tv (which put together a video with numerous short
interviews of participants, organizers and speakers, available at
reason.com/blog/#136105), after comparing various estimates and schematics of
the space on the National Mall and Pennsylvania Avenue with his own experience,
he figured 100,000 to 250,000 was a reasonable range. The crowd was much smaller
than the estimated 850,000 who attended President Obama's inauguration, but was
well into six figures.

Gillespie, while noting too many crazies for his taste, found most of the crowd
"stunningly normal." They were concerned mainly with the flamboyant spending the
Obama administration has begun, but also with what they see as an attempted
government takeover of health care, unaccountable policy "czars" and taxpayer
bailouts. Most expressed disdain for both Republicans and Democrats.

Widespread gerrymandering makes the likelihood of the wish expressed by many to
throw them all out come the next election rather minute. But the demonstration
was by and large a legitimate and heartfelt expression of alarm over the
expansion of government. Whether that alarm will be translated into effective
political action is another question.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jan and Larry Lawrence of Orlando, Fla., stand under their umbrella
near the Capitol building during a taxpayer rally Saturday in Washington.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                              April 6, 2007 Friday

A Dean Sees an Opportunity to Focus on Diversity

BYLINE: AUDREY WILLIAMS JUNE

SECTION: MONEY & MANAGEMENT; Pg. 33 Vol. 53 No. 31

LENGTH: 460 words


Armando I. Bengochea, to dean of the college community at Connecticut College,
from dean of freshman studies and associate dean of the college at Brown
University.

Mr. Bengochea, a political scientist educated at the University of Pennsylvania
and Princeton University before beginning a 20-year career at Brown, always
wondered what life was like at a small, private, selective liberal-arts college.

He found out nine months ago when he started a job for which the advertisement
"read kind of like an essay in social theory," says Mr. Bengochea, 46. "I joked
with the folks at Conn about that."

The college, in New London, Conn., detailed in the ad what Mr. Bengochea calls a
novel idea: It wanted its dean, the chief student affairs officer, to also serve
as chief diversity officer. That appealed to Mr. Bengochea, who had advised
Latino undergraduates at Brown and played an integral role in other diversity
efforts at the institution.

Mr. Bengochea, a native of Havana, who was raised in Queens, N.Y., says he liked
Connecticut College's approach "because you can't marginalize diversity on a
campus if the diversity officer is the dean."

He says his years as an academic administrator at Brown prepared him for nearly
every aspect of his new job. "While my positions have always been mainstream
jobs, I've always had, in a sense, a responsibility for minority students
appended to my duties," says Mr. Bengochea. "I saw this an opportunity to be in
a senior management position and do a lot of what I was already doing."

Connecticut College, of course, is much different from Brown.

Brown is "in an urban environment, very much in the national limelight, and very
quickly ramping up the research capacity of the institution," Mr. Bengochea
said. "With Connecticut, you have a really vibrant small college with a view of
the Long Island Sound from the middle of campus -- it's so pastoral."

In addition, he said, "you don't have any of the hassles" that come with living
in a city.

Mr. Bengochea says he is still trying to figure out everything he would like to
do in his new post, but he definitely wants to increase the number of
Connecticut's minority students, who now make up 15 percent of a student body of
1,900. He also wants to increase the number of minority faculty members.

"I lucked out because this was a position that I could have designed for
myself," Mr. Bengochea says. "It encompasses all the things that I've been
trained to do."

Mr. Bengochea kept his home in Providence, R.I., about 45 minutes away, where
his wife, Julia, still works at Brown as associate director of admission. They
have a 21-year-old son, and a daughter who is a freshman in high school. Mr.
Bengochea rents a home on the campus next to that of Connecticut College's
president.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  JUNE 5, 1996 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CALDERON'S COMMENTS DIVIDED THE COMMUNITY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 1066 words


I am writing to explain why I chose not to re-appoint Richard Calderon to the
Human Relations Commission (Page 1B, May 23).

Some people believe that I did so because he initially opposed the Domestic
Partners Registry. (As a side note, after the ordinance establishing the
registry was revised to address his concerns, Calderon voted by proxy to support
the final version on May 28.) This is not true. I do not demand that any
commissioner I appoint be a liberal.

Rather, I based my decision upon Calderon's comment that approving the Domestic
Partners Registry for gays and lesbians would pave the way for the approval of
bestiality and pedophilia. By linking gays and lesbians to these loathsome
practices, Calderon's comment maligned members of our community and pandered to
some people's offensive stereotype that gay men do engage in these acts.
Malicious stereotypes are used by people to marginalize and dehumanize other
people they fear.

In our diverse community, it is important that we refrain from speaking or
acting in ways that hurt people and divide us. Unfortunately, Calderon's comment
did just that, and in direct contradiction to the mission of the Human Relations
Commission which is to promote understanding and harmony. It is for that reason
that I chose not to re-appoint him.

- Blanca Alvarado
Santa Clara County Supervisor
THE AIR IN THERE
THERE is something ironic and illogical about the recycling revolution that is
saving tons of raw materials and reducing landfill usage.

One the one hand, concerned citizens and communities are going out of their way
to set up recycling programs. On the other hand, irresponsible manufacturers
overpackage products by 100, 200, even 500 percent.

Just open a bag of chips and hear your voice echo back from the depths of a bag
large enough to easily hold twice as much, or a box of pretzel pieces that
contains a tiny bag inside which in turn contains some pretzels and a lot of
air.

Almost all junk food is overpackaged. Isn't this a clear case for regulation?
Penalizing wasteful packaging could reduce wastage and improve the efficiency of
recycling programs.

- Ashok Srinivasan
Mountain View
HOW TO FIGHT THE COURTS
LARRY Bickford (Letters, June 3) condemns a politicized judiciary for
overturning voter-passed initiatives and amendments - particularly Colorado's
Amendment 2 - and asks, "If they can throw out laws that we write, who can throw
out laws and decisions that they write?"

It is important to realize that courts at all levels have never overturned more
than a tiny fraction of all the laws that have been passed. The largest body of
laws overturned were those that discriminated against African-Americans. Second,
there are many things Bickford can do: lobby for the impeachment of offending
justices, work to pass constitutional amendments that overturn decisions he
disagrees with or work to elect presidents who will appoint more conservative
justices. Don't forget, though, that seven of the nine sitting justices were
appointed by Republican presidents, including Justice Kennedy, who spoke for the
majority in the Amendment 2 decision.

You say it's too difficult to pass a constitutional amendment to get things done
the way you want? Ironically, that's exactly the obstacle the citizens of
Colorado tried to erect against gays and lesbians.

- Jim Jatczynski
Santa Cruz
PRESTIGE PAYS OFF
I appreciate Kristina Sauerwein's stance on the relationship between college
admission and success (Opinion, June 2). She criticizes the bureaucracy on
college admission and concludes that being rejected from prestigious colleges
isn't an end of one's life while developing one's wit is far more important.

She may not realize how hard life is out there. Holding a degree at a well-known
college can make it much easier. Many employers use this as the single factor to
decide how high a salary to give a person with little or no experience. With the
high cost of living in California, people who just graduate from college usually
cannot find a job with salaries high enough to support their living.

- Henry Huang
Cupertino
BURDENS OF RODRIGUEZ
WHY is columnist Richard Rodriguez so angry? Every time I read something that he
has written or hear him on "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer," I am amazed that the
man never smiles. The whole world appears to rest on his shoulders, and if he
doesn't get his views across then all is lost.

His attack on Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia (Perspective, May 26) is
really unwarranted. Does Rodriguez feel that all justices must vote in a solid
block for any and all homosexual cases appearing before the court?

Get a life, Richard. At least Justice Scalia is able to smile.

- H. H. Arnold
San Jose
PROTECT BATTERED WOMEN
On behalf of the Support Network for Battered Women, which provides multiple
services to battered women and children throughout Santa Clara County, I applaud
the editorial (Opinion, June 3) concerning the need for a Central Domestic
Violence Registry in Santa Clara County. As stated, this registry should be
within the Santa Clara County Sheriff's office.

Domestic violence is one of the most serious problems we face today in Santa
Clara County. In the past 12 months there have been 21 deaths reported as a
result of domestic violence. We are encountering increasing incidences of
domestic violence occurring not only in our homes, but in the workplace, at the
shopping malls and on the streets of our communities. We must protect the women
in Santa Clara County and help them live a life free of the fear and reality of
violence in their homes.

- Sherry Simmons
Executive Director, Support Network
for Battered Women
Mountain View
STOP TEACHING ASSASSINS
THE School of the Americas, the U.S. Army's school at Fort Benning, Georgia, is
a disgrace. Known as "The School of Assassins," it has been a breeding ground
for military dictatorships in Latin America. As Rep. Joe Kennedy, D-Mass., said,
"The most abusive torturers in this hemisphere have one thing in common . . .
they went to the School of the Americas. Let's close the school and cut off its
funding." He has introduced H.R. 2652 to do just that.

Every representative in Congress ought to sign on to this bill, and every voter,
every taxpayer, and every person should insist that the school be closed
immediately.

- Al Traugott

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LETTERS, E-MAIL & FAXES

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    January 8, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

GM, Ford to Unveil Internet Deals

Warren Brown, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 567 words


The world's two largest car companies will announce major marketing agreements
with two of America's biggest Internet businesses, probably next week at the
North American International Auto Show in Detroit, auto industry sources said
yesterday.

General Motors Corp., the biggest automaker, plans to unveil a deal with America
Online Inc. to help consumers buy GM vehicles over the Internet. Ford Motor Co.,
the world's second-largest automaker, has signed a similar agreement with Yahoo
Inc., according to Ford corporate sources.

There's a catch though: Neither company will provide details on pricing on the
Web sites. Instead, visitors to the Ford-Yahoo and GM-AOL sites will have to use
the information they get from those sources to shop at sites, such as GM's Buy
Power, or Autobytel.com, where they can choose a dealer and discuss pricing.

Such is the power of car dealers. The nation's 22,400 franchised new-car
dealers, represented by the McLean-based National Automobile Dealers
Association, say that manufacturer pricing information undermines their
business.

"We've been talking to people at both companies [GM and Ford] about these
agreements," said NADA spokesman Michael Morrissey. "We've told them that we
will oppose anything that marginalizes dealer involvement in the auto retail
process."

NADA "would not want manufacturers to get involved in any way in the display of
pricing information" because dealers bought and own the vehicles being offered
for retail, "and it's up to the dealers to set the prices for those vehicles,"
Morrissey said.

Privately, automakers oppose that dealer stance. They point out that other
automotive Web sites, notably Edmunds.com, offers consumers a wide range of
details on pricing, including dealer invoice prices on vehicle options and the
vehicles themselves.

"It makes little sense for us not to offer the same thing ourselves," said one
auto executive, who asked not to be identified by company or name.

Still, even without pricing details, the manufacturers believe the deals will
provide a major advertising opportunity, electronically expanding their reach
beyond traditional newspaper, TV and radio outlets.

That advertising push, primarily aimed at young, affluent audiences, promises to
yield millions of dollars annually in extra ad revenue for the Internet firms,
analysts for electronic retail businesses said.

Nilesh Shah, partner in charge of e-business initiatives for KPMG Peat Marwick,
said the lack of pricing details should be a drawback. "Dealers still play a
significant role in servicing consumers," he said, while the importance of the
automakers' agreements with the Internet companies is that "they complement GM's
and Ford's advertising strategies."

Both GM and Ford have been trying to woo younger audiences, "most of which can
be found sitting in front of computer screens, instead of in front of TVs," Shah
said.

AOL, the nation's largest Internet access company, has 20 million subscribers.
Yahoo said that 33.6 million people visited its site in October 1999.

Having access to those potential buyers is the driving force behind the car
company-Internet linkups, Shah said.

"The dealers really don't have anything to worry about," because that expanded
access could also steer more business toward them, Shah said.

Staff writer Ariana Eunjung Cha contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 08, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 28, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

God's Fixer; Christian Coalition leader Ralph Reed has a strategy: Instead of
chasing Republican politicians, he wants the party to come to him. It's working

Dan Balz; Ronald Brownstein

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. W08

LENGTH: 3202 words


(PART 2 OF 2)

AN EMPHASIS ON organization was one of Reed's two great contributions to his
movement. The other was his ability to nudge the Christian conservative movement
toward the mainstream without precipitating a break with his most conservative
followers. The symbolic low point for religious conservative involvement in the
Republican Party came at the Houston convention in 1992, roundly criticized by
the media, the Democrats and many Republican or independent moderates as an
exercise in political intolerance. Patrick Buchanan warned conservatives to arm
themselves for the coming religious and cultural war in America, Robertson
sharply attacked Bill Clinton's values, Marilyn Quayle criticized Vietnam War
protesters and dope smokers from her own baby boom generation, and the platform
committee delivered a document widely described as conservative in the extreme.
"I think if there was a cat that died in Houston that week, we were blamed for
it," says Judy Haynes, who was a Christian Coalition organizer at the time.
"Houston Republicans" soon joined "San Francisco Democrats" in the lexicon of
political pejoratives, and if ever religious conservatives seemed like unwelcome
house guests at a family reunion, it was in the weeks after the GOP convention,
as the election slipped steadily away from Bush. The fact that scholarly studies
suggested it wasn't their fault never made it into the debate.

After Bush's defeat, the coalition, like other organizations of the "pro-family
movement," appeared radioactive to many Republicans. Marshall Wittmann, who went
to work in the coalition's Washington office in 1993, recalls the reaction of
his colleagues in the Bush administration, all scrambling to find work after
Clinton's victory, when he told them where he had landed a job. "It was just
sort of, 'Huh?' " he says. They couldn't understand why he would sign on with
religious conservatives. "They would pause and you sort of knew what was going
through their minds." From the coalition offices, Wittmann would send off
letters to congressional offices and never receive a reply. The temperature in
the room seemed to drop whenever he joined meetings on Capitol Hill.

Sensing efforts within the party to marginalize the conservative Christian
movement, Reed responded with an article in the summer 1993 issue of the
Heritage Foundation's Policy Review titled "Casting a Wider Net." The article
became a turning point for the movement. "The pro-family movement's political
rhetoric has often been policy-thin and value-laden, leaving many voters tuned
out," he wrote. Reed argued that religious conservatives would never reach their
full potential if they focused principally on narrow issues like abortion or
homosexuality; nor could they succeed if they built their movement around a few
dominant personalities (an ironic comment given that Robertson founded the
coalition and still personifies it for many Americans). To gain influence and
win elections, he counseled, "the pro-family movement must speak to the concerns
of average voters in the areas of taxes, crime, government waste, health care
and financial security." (Reed suffered a brief setback when, at the opening of
the coalition's annual convention that fall, Robertson publicly disagreed with
Reed's pro-North American Free Trade Agreement stance during a television
interview, making clear that he, not his young assistant, would have the final
say on what issues the coalition would delve into.) Reed also recommended that
the movement decouple itself from the fortunes of individual candidates and no
longer take its direction from even a sympathetic occupant of the White House.
Religious conservatives, he said, should chart an independent course, build a
grass-roots following, focus on pro-family issues and let the politicians come
to them.

In making his argument, Reed had two goals: to exorcise the ghosts of the
Houston convention and to demonstrate that the religious conservative movement
was more broadly based than most people believed -- including many of its
leaders. "We commissioned a survey of our membership and we were stunned at what
we got back," Reed says. "They looked like America. They weren't weird. They
didn't have an agenda that was all that bizarre. It surprised me." To the public
at large, Reed argued that religious conservatives cared as much about lower
taxes and economic issues as anyone else; to his own constituency he argued
that, with only 12 percent of the population in 1992 listing abortion as a key
issue in their choice for president, the movement needed to expand its appeal.

As the coalition's profile rose after 1992, Reed sought to further soften its
public image -- and to smooth over lingering controversies created by Robertson.
Robertson posed a special problem for the religious conservative movement. As
the host of a highly popular cable television program, "The 700 Club," Robertson
had developed a cadre of loyalists throughout the country who were central to
the coalition's growth. But as a religious and political polemicist, he had
developed an equally ardent corps of detractors who believed that his political
views and his interpretations of history represented extreme and bizarre
theories.

One well-publicized fund-raising letter that went out over Robertson's signature
said that the feminist agenda encouraged women "to leave their husbands, kill
their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians." In
a best-selling book, The New World Order, published in 1991, Robertson espoused
his theory that a "tightly knit cabal" of European and Wall Street bankers and
other conspirators had sought for generations "a new order for the human race
under the domination of Lucifer and his followers." Robertson's critics charged
that the book and other writings also reflected antisemitic leanings, in
particular because of Robertson's attacks on liberal Jews, who, he said, were
undermining Christianity in America. Robertson emphatically rejected the charge
of antisemitism.

Robertson remains a divisive figure, and some Republicans privately suggest that
the Christian Coalition would find even greater acceptance among the electorate
if it were to sever its direct ties to him, a course Reed rejects. "I think that
the Christian Coalition as an organization is big enough [that] it transcends
any single personality," Reed says. "That includes Pat, that includes me. But I
do think that Pat was, and remains, critical . . . He's absolutely invaluable."

Still, sensitive to charges of antisemitism against Robertson, and to criticism
that some Christian conservatives were racially bigoted, Reed has gone out of
his way to portray his movement as sympathetic to other religions and
open-minded on issues of race and tolerance. He reached out to Jewish leaders
last spring, acknowledging in a speech that religious conservatives had been
"insensitive" to the horrors of the Holocaust and that some in the Christian
community bore some responsibility for what had happened.On questions of race,
Reed tried to distance the religious conservative movement from other aspects of
its past, in particular the role that some white, Southern ministers played in
perpetuating segregation. In Politically Incorrect, Reed chastised religious
conservatives for "a legacy of racism" that they would have to overcome now that
they sought to reenter the public arena. Reed's deft, non-threatening
communication skills brought religious conservatives a measure of credibility
they had never enjoyed during the Falwell era, and he was generally careful not
to overplay his hand. "There's a responsibility that comes with being a player,"
says Dick Weinhold, the chairman of the Texas chapter of the coalition. "I hate
to use the word myself, but I guess the demagoguery that may have been there in
the past needs to change."

But Reed had to balance his tilt toward the mainstream with the ardent views of
coalition activists. In a speech last February, he warned Republicans that a
1996 ticket that did not include antiabortion nominees for president and vice
president risked a revolt among religious conservatives and antiabortion
activists. Massachusetts Gov. William Weld, a leading abortion rights
Republican, dismissed the speech as the product of a naive and immature leader.
"It was very ill-advised and very counterproductive," Weld says. "That's drawing
a line in the sand with the tide coming in."

Reed's balancing act reflected the coalition's position as the leading -- but
hardly the only -- voice in the burgeoning pro-family movement. Swimming
alongside the coalition were such groups as the Rev. James Dobson's Focus on the
Family, which had an enormous following through Dobson's daily radio program;
the Washington-based Family Research Council, a Dobson offshoot; the Traditional
Values Coalition, headed by the Rev. Lou Sheldon, who has spoken out
vociferously on the issue of homosexuality; Phyllis Schlafly's Eagle Forum; the
American Family Association; the Christian Action Network; Concerned Women for
America; and the National Right to Life Committee, the most effective
antiabortion organization in the country. While generally working in tandem on
major issues, these other elements of the pro-family movement sometimes chafed
at Reed's prominence and rebelled against his strategic effort to broaden the
movement's agenda. Shortly after publication of "Casting a Wider Net," Martin
Mawyer, president of the Christian Action Network, took Reed to task for seeming
to abandon the abortion issue. "Our goal is not to increase our political power
by deceiving the American public through talk of taxes, crime, health care or
NAFTA ," he wrote. "Our real concerns are abortion, school prayer and gay
rights, and our mission is to present our case honestly to the American people
and give them a chance to decide."

Reed's artful juggling has done more to help the Republican Party than if he had
remained within its camp as a GOP organizer. But just as there are strains
between moderates and conservatives within the GOP, so, too, are there similar
differences among members of the pro-family movement. "Ralph is going to have to
be really careful to not end up a leader without a following," says Gary Bauer
of the Family Research Council. Most importantly, Bauer argues, "I don't think
it is possible to come up with a substitute for the abortion issue."

IN THE SUMMER OF 1994, the magazine Campaigns & Elections estimated that the
Christian conservatives -- some allied with the Christian Coalition, some not --
dominated 18 state Republican parties, including Iowa (site of the first
presidential caucuses), California, Florida, Texas, Oregon and South Carolina,
and that they exerted considerable influence on 13 more. Republican Party
leaders saw the activism and influence of religious conservatives as a
double-edged sword:While providing fresh energy at the grass-roots level, they
also heightened tension within the party. Their ascendance began to change the
tone and substance of state-level GOP politics across the country.

At Minnesota's Republican state convention in June 1994, for instance, Christian
activists rejected incumbent Gov. Arne Carlson and delivered the party's
endorsement to a little-known former state legislator named Allen Quist. A
farmer, teacher and father of 10 children, Quist had an open and friendly
manner, but he was unyielding in his opposition to abortion and gay rights, and
he could not escape the damage done to his candidacy by his statement that men
had a "genetic predisposition" to head their households. In the subsequent
primary election, Carlson defeated Quist in a landslide after accusing him of
being "a cult leader with a Messianic complex," comparing his candidacy to the
rise of Adolf Hitler and claiming Quist wanted to bring religion into state
government. Quist responded that he was the victim of vicious stereotyping, and
in the election's aftermath, he bitterly maintained he had been mugged by
opponents. But even leaders of the conservative Christian movement criticized
him for allowing himself to be caricatured. "There are certain minimal standards
you have to meet as a statewide candidate and one of them is, you have to be
viewed as someone who believes women have the same potential as men," Ralph Reed
says. "Some religious conservative candidates bring their private religious view
of the institution of marriage into the broader arena of political debate about
women's issues."

The Minnesota convention that endorsed Quist came during a three-week stretch in
1994 when religious conservatives flexed their muscles across the country. In
Virginia, Christian conservatives provided the victory margins that nominated
Oliver L. North, the central actor in the Iran-contra affair, for Senate, and
Michael Farris, a leader in the home-schooling movement, for lieutenant
governor. (Both lost their elections, although Farris did far better than
expected.) In Texas the following weekend, a state convention dominated by
Christian conservatives elected Tom Pauken as state chairman and adopted a
deeply conservative platform that described government-owned land as
"socialism," called for the teaching of "creation science" in the schools and
sought to define the family as "persons related by blood, heterosexual marriage
or adoption." An attempt to include a preamble that said, "It is inappropriate
to require a certain type of religious expression for leaders, candidates,
delegates," was withdrawn in the face of strong opposition from religious
conservatives.

The triptych of state conventions sent fresh rumbles of dissatisfaction through
a party that still had vivid memories of the 1992 Houston convention. As he
circulated among contributors and other party regulars, Republican National
Committee Chairman Haley Barbour absorbed complaints that the party's hopes in
November 1994 were threatened by a religious takeover. "The first thing out of
people's mouths was abortion and the Christian Coalition," recalls Scott Reed,
Barbour's chief of staff at the time. "He was getting hammered. Hammered!" But
Barbour, like other party leaders, believed much of the criticism was off the
mark. He also knew the religious conservatives were essential to a winning
coalition, and rather than shun them, he looked for ways to demonstrate the
party's fealty to them. When Rep. Vic Fazio, a California Democrat, attacked the
role of religious conservatives within the GOP, Barbour quickly rushed to their
defense. "We wanted them to know we weren't going to run from them," says Don
Fierce, who served as the director of strategic planning for the RNC. But first,
Fierce recalls, Barbour called Robertson and Falwell and asked them not to reply
to Fazio. Barbour and other Republicans wanted this to be a fight between
Democrats and Republicans, not Democrats and two divisive, evangelical lightning
rods.

As the Republicans swept to control of Congress in 1994, the coalition
distributed 40 million voter guides, including 33 million in the final weeks of
the campaign. By one account, the coalition involved itself in 120 House races
and its candidates won an estimated 55 percent of them. Thirty of those contests
were decided by 5 percentage points or less, which allowed religious
conservatives to justifiably claim that their mobilization determined the
outcome.

Reed's prophecy about a "Field of Dreams" movement -- "Build it, and they will
come" -- proved correct. After the 1994 elections, Republican presidential
candidates, particularly Sen. Bob Dole of Kansas, tacked right in hopes of
winning the support of religious conservatives, and the candidates competed for
bragging rights over who had snared the best of the coalition's organizers.
Congressional leaders eagerly sought the coalition's blessing as they waded
through the votes on their "Contract With America," while the coalition poured $
1 million into a campaign to rally support for the contract's pledges. Dole
negotiated directly with Reed over the outlines of a compromise on welfare
reform, hoping that would bridge differences between Senate moderates and
conservatives, while House leaders, seeking to head off a revolt within their
ranks over their own welfare bill, sought to persuade the coalition to announce
in advance that it would use a crucial procedural vote on the issue as an item
on its congressional scorecard, which is distributed by the millions. (The
coalition demurred, scoring instead the vote on final passage.) And Marshall
Wittmann not only received responses to his letters, he found congressional
staffers carefully analyzing their every word.

The measure of the coalition's new standing within the party -- and the role it
will play in 1996 and for the foreseeable future -- came last May at a news
conference in the Mansfield Room of the Capitol. Fifteen television cameras
lined the back wall, and at the front, a spindly lectern groaned under the
weight of two dozen microphones.

Reed acted as impresario for the event, and behind him stood a legion of
coalition state directors silently testifying to the organization's grass-roots
network. They had come to the Capitol to unveil a contract of their own, called
the "Contract With the American Family," a knockoff of the GOP's campaign
document, but tilted to the social and cultural issues that had been excluded
from that original, 100-days manifesto -- precisely because Newt Gingrich and
his colleagues felt they were too risky and divisive.

Reporters and other guests packed the room like a rush-hour subway, all
sweltering under the hot television lights. Republican elected officials milling
behind Reed constituted a virtual Who's Who of the new GOP. House Speaker
Gingrich headed the list, but Sen. Phil Gramm of Texas, bidding for the support
of religious conservatives in his presidential campaign, also had elbowed his
way into the front row. Others included Senate Majority Whip Trent Lott of
Mississippi, House Majority Whip Tom DeLay of Texas, House Budget Committee
Chairman John Kasich of Ohio and Rep. J.C. Watts of Oklahoma, a former college
football star and one of only two black Republicans in the House. Dole was the
only big name missing from the ceremony, but, in penance for a schedule
conflict, he had invited Reed and the coalition leaders to his office for a
private meeting immediately after the news conference.

"We have finally gained what we have always sought," Reed said that day. "A
place at the table, a sense of legitimacy and a voice in the conversation that
we call democracy."

Dan Balz covers national politics for The Post. Ronald Brownstein is a political
reporter and columnist for the Los Angeles Times. This article is adapted from
their book, Storming the Gates: Protest Politics and the Republican Revival,
published this month by Little, Brown and Company.

This article is adapted from Storming the Gates: Protest Politics and the
Republican Revival by Dan Balz and Ronald Brownstein. (C) 1996 by Dan Balz and
Ronald Brownstein. Reprinted by permission of Little, Brown and Company.


NAME: Ralph Reed

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, brian smale, Reed with reporters at a Catholic gathering. He
hopes to link evangelicals and Catholics politically.  Houston in '92: A PR
disaster for Bush and religious conservatives.  Founder Pat Robertson at the
Christian Coalition's 1994 convention.  (END OF PART 2 0F 2)

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

Editorial: Recall of Supervisor Susan Adams is expensive, unwarranted

BYLINE: Marin Independent Journal Editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 512 words


MARIN SUPERVISOR Susan Adams has never been shy when it comes to expressing her
opinion or taking a stand.

When it comes to transforming the Marinwood Plaza shopping center from a weed-
and litter-strewn ghost town, she's always been clear that affordable housing
would be needed to support a market and other stores.

This is development in her own backyard that she has supported.

She's been working on this issue for several years. She has been consistent and
has won strong support from many of her Marinwood neighbors.

The county has endorsed the concept.

But critics who don't share her vision want her out of office   the sooner, the
better. They have mounted a recall campaign.

It is a risky initiative. A recall will only serve to categorize, and
possibility politically marginalize, their input on the size and shape of the
development plan.

Recall is a wrong and expensive shortcut.

A special election in March or April could cost as much as $250,000, according
to a county elections estimate.

Spending that much money and energy on a special election, when Adams' term is
on the ballot in June, is a questionable investment of public funds.

Recall proponents can't blame Adams for not working hard. In fact, she's one of
the hardest working members on the Board of Supervisors.

She's probably the biggest penny-pincher on the board and often the first to
challenge the status quo.

Adams was first elected in 2002, running as a staunch opponent to turning the
St. Vincent's/Silveira Ranch properties into a new suburb.

She was re-elected without opposition in 2006 and then fought off a last-minute
challenge from former Assemblywoman Kerry Mazzoni to win a third term in 2010.

We're not saying she's always right. We've differed on many issues. She hasn't
always received our endorsement.

In signing the recall petition, voters should ask themselves whether Adams
deserves to be removed from office short of completing her term.

If being a politician who has opinions that differ from some constituents is
grounds for recall, we should be seeing a blizzard of recall petitions.

If malfeasance is the measure, Adams is not a recall candidate.

Recall backers say Adams is guilty of "failure to represent her constituents'
interests." That's difficult to quantify.

There are many Marinwood residents who support the Plaza redevelopment plan.

Recall backers say she has conducted a "campaign of information control" to keep
Marinwood residents in the dark about the plans. Adams should address their
concerns.

Her constituents should not feel as if they have been shut out of the planning
process.

There's already buzz that a strong candidate will surface to challenge her in
June.

Sure, the threat of recall sends a shot across the bow of politicians. Opponents
of building affordable housing at densities or in locations where neighbors
don't want it might argue they need to send a strong message.

Wouldn't having a challenger step forward be more constructive?

In our democratic process, the authors of the recall petition are entitled to do
what they want   without the IJ's encouragement.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Adams, candidate for Congress. San Rafael, Calif. on Friday,
April 27, 2012. (IJ photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: VIEWS & NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 454 words


Regarding "SAT Reading Scores" (front page, Sept. 25): This article correctly
states that family income is the strongest correlation to SAT scores. However,
by choosing to use the selected quotes attributed to Helen Ladd at Duke
University, the author continues to promote a conventional but misguided belief
that simply providing food and health care to public school children is the
answer to the U.S. education woes.

There are countless numbers of education decision makers who cannot see that
despite the tremendous amount of money currently spent on public school food
programs and the increasing money spent on public school health programs, the
true issues, as addressed by Ladd, et. al., are the conditions of the family
unit.

Instead of directing resources into strengthening the family unit, our
government and school systems continue to promote social welfare programs that
marginalize the very group they think they are helping.

Richard Hancock

Lithia

Beautiful Ybor

I want to complain about the front-page article Sunday on Ybor.

It was described as a festive foul mix. It did not do Ybor justice. If I were
just moving to Tampa and read that article, I would never go to Ybor City. How
come you did not write about the beauty of Ybor and its rich history?

I was born and raised in Ybor City. I have lived there for many years and still
have a home there. Recently my nephew lived in the old homestead there with his
16-year-old son and never had any problems. I have gone in and out of Ybor all
my life and never had an incident at all. It is the young people who come into
Ybor and cause the problem, just as they do in many other cities, and I suppose
Savannah as well. I've been to Savannah, and on the weekends it gets just as
wild.

Both historic committees work really hard to promote growth and economic
progress in Ybor City, and then here comes the Tribune's story.

If it is the Tribune's goal to make it harder for all of us to promote growth
and economic progress in the historic district, you will succeed with stories
such as the one in Sunday's paper.

Joseph N. D'Amico, Jr.

Tampa

Supreme irony

I read with amusement the front-page story in The Tampa Tribune of Sept. 25,
where Florida's Supreme Court justices, men and women who were appointed by
partisan political figures, are decrying partisan politics.

The judgments of these people affect the lives of every citizen in this state,
and the mere fact that they recoil and complain at the prospect of being held
accountable for their decisions by the very public that they claim to serve
justifies their being held accountable.

Barry V. Rumsey

Ruskin

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

LET THE VOTERS SPEAK

BYLINE: LEON W. RUSSELL, J. GERALD HEBERT

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 839 words


Floridians' chance to curb partisan gerrymanders is once again in the hands of
the Florida Supreme Court. After decades of partisan abuse of the redistricting
process, citizens simply want the chance to vote on two ballot initiatives to
end the practice that for decades has enabled politicians to choose their voters
instead of voters choosing politicians. But politicians aren't about to give up
that advantage without a fight - and that fight is now before the state's
highest court.

The idea behind gerrymandering is simple. Those in power redraw election
districts to benefit themselves and their political party, packing most voters
from the opposition into only a few districts. This creates "safe seats" for
them and marginalizes the opposition.

Florida's congressional districts perfectly illustrate the corrosive effects of
gerrymandering. Democrats and Republicans alike, from former Gov. Bob Graham to
former State Comptroller Bob Milligan, point out that Florida has fewer
competitive elections than almost any state in the union. In 2008, for example,
only two of the state's 25 U.S. House races were decided by a margin of less
than 10 points. Even in 2006 - remember the anti-incumbent backlash? - only one
of Florida's members of Congress lost. And more than 10 percent of the state's
congressional seats are so politically safe that incumbents rarely even draw an
opponent.

Creating districts that lack any meaningful political competition means an
officeholder's only challenge will occur in the primary. When the real election
becomes who wins the primary, candidates pander to their base. This produces
politicians who lean further left or right, shrinking the political middle
(where most of us are). Think of the shrinking number of officeholders today who
reach across party lines - in Washington or Tallahassee - to work on legislative
solutions to very serious problems. This is a direct result of extreme partisan
gerrymandering.

Of course, districts have to be redrawn following every census, and with any
plan, it's possible, even likely, that some group is going to gain and another
is going to lose. For that reason, the most promising proposals for
redistricting reform focus not on whether we redraw the lines, but on who does
the drawing and on how they do it.

Yet in state after state where redistricting reform efforts have been proposed
in the Legislature, bills have died a quiet death, often without even a
committee hearing in state capitols. The only real way to bring about such
reform is through the initiative process - where voters (not politicians) can
decide to put an end to extreme gerrymandering by self-interested politicians.

In 2008, California voters approved a referendum that gives the responsibility
for legislative redistricting to an independent citizens' commission. Hopefully
later this year, Floridians will get a chance to vote on their own reform
initiative.

Unlike the California reform, Florida Amendments 5 and 6 don't take
redistricting out of the hands of the Legislature; they simply prohibit
excessive political gerrymandering - favoring incumbents or one political party
over the other. But you'd think from the strong opposition of some federal and
state officeholders that Florida's politicians were being asked to give up their
firstborn. Not only have they started a misinformation campaign about the
proposed reforms, they even offered an initiative of their own in an effort to
derail the real reform measure by confusing voters.

And while the Florida Supreme Court has already ruled that Florida Amendments 5
and 6 meet the requirements of state law, a lawsuit was recently filed attacking
the initiative and, if successful, would stop Florida's voters from getting to
decide the redistricting reform issue for themselves this fall.

We need to change the broken redistricting system that puts almost no restraints
on political gerrymandering and lets politicians manipulate lines to protect
themselves and their parties and bludgeon their opponents. Redistricting reform
isn't going to come easy. It's going to take a sustained effort from citizens
like Fair Districts Florida, because it won't come from politicians.

The opportunity is at hand to put some meaningful rules in place that will force
politicians to put voters, not incumbents, first when it comes to redistricting.
Let's hope the politicians aren't successful in killing off Amendments 5 and 6,
Florida's best chance for meaningful reform. The State Supreme Court will decide
the matter of the legal challenges in the coming weeks and then, ideally,
Floridians will have the opportunity to decide the matter of gerrymandering once
and for all.

Leon W. Russell is the past president and current chairman of the legislative
committee of the Florida NAACP. J. Gerald Hebert is the executive director of
the nonprofit Campaign Legal Center and represented Florida's congressional
Democrats in the post-2000 redistricting cycle and the U.S. Justice Department
in the post-1990 round of Florida redistricting.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                             January 2, 2004 Friday

Jews in the 'hood'

BYLINE: ALAN D. ABBEY

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1610 words



HIGHLIGHT: Box at end of text.


Rothstein: The Life, Times and Murder of the Criminal Genius Who Fixed the 1919
World Series by David Pietrusza. Carroll & Graf. 485 pp. $27

The era of the Jewish gangsters paralleled the rise of American Jews in status,
influence and political power. However, that era was rife with anti-Semitism,
both covert and overt.

From the last days of the 19th century through the end of Prohibition and
bootlegging in 1933, a large number of Jews took their place in the pantheon of
American crime. Jews were not only big players, but were influential in the
creation of what is today called organized crime - that is, criminal entities
run largely along business lines aimed at controlling and organizing the
distribution of illegal products and services.

Mainstream Jewish histories have tried to marginalize our gangster brethren, in
some cases by literally writing them out of history books. A few sociologists
and writers have attempted to place them squarely within the American Jewish
experience by discussing their rise as a natural outgrowth of the immigrant
experience.

Individually, they have been written about in numerous biographies and
compilations, featured in films and made the subject of fiction. There was
romanticism about them among average Jews, because the gangsters showed that
Jews could be "tough," could rise in the world's eye and beat non-Jews at their
own game, even though they often preyed on their own. Hundreds turned up at
gangsters' funerals, where rabbis lauded their charitable works.

These criminals ranged from low-browed knee breakers and pickpockets to
sophisticated swindlers and conmen. Among the best-known are Benjamin "Bugsy"
Siegel (the man who "invented" Las Vegas), Meyer Lansky, who sought sanctuary in
Israel to avoid prosecution in the US, bootlegger Dutch Schultz (born Arthur
Flegenheimer), Murder, Inc.'s Louie "Lepke" Buchalter, who died in the electric
chair at New York's notorious Sing Sing Prison, and many others (see sidebar).

Towering above them all in terms of smarts, slipperiness, and lasting impact was
Arnold Rothstein, who has not been the subject of a full-length biography in
more than 40 years.

It is in this context that David Pietrusza's Rothstein: The Life, Times and
Murder of the Criminal Genius who Fixed the 1919 World Series comes to us. This
sprawling biography gives us almost encyclopedic coverage of Rothstein's many
scams. We follow the fastidious, milk- drinking gangster through schemes as
varied as the fixing of the 1919 World Series, in which the Chicago White Sox
(henceforth referred to as the "Black Sox") lost to the underdog Cincinnati
Reds, Wall Street "bucket-shop" adventures that fleeced thousands of investors
in the pre- Securities and Exchange Commission days, Broadway-show financing,
and numerous fixed boxing matches, horse races, poker games and even criminal
trials.

ROTHSTEIN'S FAMILY origins could not have predicted a criminal life. His father,
Abraham, was known as "Abe the Just." He became a board member of a major Jewish
hospital, and was often asked to mediate community and business disputes. Yet
the boy Arnold overtly rejected his father's traditional ways, and grew up with
an abiding hate for his brother, who followed in his father's footsteps.

Arnold rejected life in the cheder, but perhaps struggled with an inferiority
complex and a desire for his family's approval.

Rothstein's father forbade him from going to the synagogue with his brothers to
pray for their dying mother because Rothstein had married a Catholic showgirl. A
few years later, Arnold's brother Jack changed his name to Rothstone when he
married a wealthy woman who was heir to the fortune of America's premier Jewish
law firm.

Nevertheless, Rothstein was aware of his Jewishness and the anti-Semitism of his
times. After the Black Sox scandal, Earl Obenshain, editor of The Sporting News,
wrote about the "dirty, long-nosed, thick-lipped, and strong- smelling gamblers
(who) butted into the World Series - an American event, by the way." New York
City mayor William Jaye Gaynor wrote in 1911 of the city's problems of crime and
vice that "the published names of every one connected nearly and remotely with
Rosenthal [Herman "Beansy" Rosenthal, a onetime Rothstein confederate] and his
murder shows them to be one of this same class of lawless foreigners to which he
belonged."

Rothstein wasn't above tweaking the nose of those trying to escape their Jewish
origins. He once goosed racetrack proprietor and society figure August Belmont
II, who had converted to Protestantism, by reminding Belmont he had come to the
track on a holiday. When Belmont asked what holiday, Rothstein replied: "Why
yes, you ought to know, Mr. Belmont. It's Rosh Hashana."

Similarly, the Jewish gangsters in Rothstein's circle were aware of their
separateness. When an Italian mobster who had criticized others for doing
business with Jewish gangsters was killed in 1920, Rothstein, Lansky and Siegel
sent a huge wreath to the funeral, sarcastically signed, "From the sorrowing Jew
boys of New York."

Much of Rothstein's adult criminality seemingly can be traced to his desire to
show people how much smarter he was than everyone else. He didn't seem to live
for the thrill of gambling, but "fixed" the results of wagers in advance so as
to almost always win. Only toward the end of his life did he seem to lose
control over his desire to come out on top and actually to take risks.

PIETRUSZA'S ROTHSTEIN is not a gregarious man, and is often in the shadows of
his own story. Pietrusza parts the mystery around the infamous "Black Sox"
scandal by figuring out how Rothstein played two sets of would-be fixers and the
ballplayers against each other, while somehow remaining in the background. Even
though all fingers pointed to him, simply because he was believed to be the only
gambler rich and powerful enough to have fixed the Series, Rothstein was never
convicted of manipulating the outcome.

One of the few times in the book in which Rothstein talks at length is from the
transcript of a deposition he gave during a criminal trial. Rothstein emerges as
a sneering, superior fellow who feels so much smarter than the lawyers and court
that they are beneath his contempt.

The book's strengths are the details of such incidents. Pietrusza's Herculean
effort to gather virtually everything available about Rothstein has resulted in
a book that will be of interest to a wide audience. Buffs of the demi-mondes
that Rothstein inhabited from the turn of the century to his murder in 1928 will
glean new nuggets about their cherished subjects, be they Broadway, baseball, or
boxing. People interested in Gilded Era gambling houses, Tabloid Era journalism,
Jazz Age New York, Prohibition, and organized crime will all find new
information and entertaining anecdotes. Historians of more sordid activities,
such as the drug trade, will also find revelations.

But perhaps for this very reason, the book ultimately fails to satisfy. However
much there is on each topic, it's probably not enough to satisfy the serious
student. For those interested in the Jewish angle, it's found more in the
margins and scattered through isolated incidents than in the central motifs.

Pietrusza is too much the reporter and historian, and steers clear of offering
us his final analysis on what made Rothstein tick. It was a complicated series
of early childhood events, societal pressures, and the incidents of his daily
life that led him to choose the path he took. He clearly wasn't a
one-dimensional thug or charismatic brute whose drive for power dominated all
his actions. But whatever conclusions we draw will be our own; Pietrusza remains
too aloof from his subject to draw them for us.

(Box) Jewish gangsters: A compendium

To this day, mainstream Jewish history books barely mention such colorful and
widely known American Jews as Louie "Lepke" Buchalter, Meyer Lansky and Bugsy
Siegel. However, many of them are marginal characters in David Pietrusza's
Rothstein: The Life, Times, and Murder of the Criminal Genius Who Fixed the 1919
World Series. They have been featured so many times in books and movies that
Pietrusza offers a wonderful filmography of Rothstein and related characters on
his web site (www.DavidPietrusza.com).

Following is a select bibliography of other books on the subject.

Our Gang: Jewish Crime and the New York Jewish Community, 1900-1940 by Jenna
Weissman Joselit

Tough Jews: Fathers, Sons and Gangster Dreams by Rich Cohen

Little Man: Meyer Lansky and the Gangster Life by Robert Lacey

The Rise and Fall of the Jewish Gangster in America by Albert Fried

Murder, Inc.: The Story of the Syndicate by Burton B. Turkus and Sid Feder

But - He Was Good to His Mother: The Lives and Crimes of Jewish Gangsters by
Robert A. Rockaway

Movies featuring

Jewish gangsters:

Meyer "The Brain" Lansky: Portrayed by Patrick Dempsey in Mobsters, and by
Richard Dreyfuss in Lansky. He was the model for "Hyman Roth" in The Godfather
Part 2.

Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel: Played by Warren Beatty in Bugsy, and by Richard Grieco
in Mobsters.

Louis "Lepke" Buchalter: Played by Tony Curtis in Lepke, directed by Menahem
Golan.

Abe "Kid Twist" Reles: Played by Peter Falk in Murder, Inc.

Dutch Schultz (Arthur Flegenheimer): Played by Dustin Hoffman in Billy Bathgate
and Tim Roth in Hoodlum.

Waxey Gordon (Irving Wexler): Played by Nehemiah Persoff in The Untouchables TV
show.

Other early 20th century Jewish gangsters:

Jake "Greasy Thumb" Guzik

Abner (Longy) Zwillman

Nathan "Kid Dropper" Kaplan

Jake "Gurrah" Shapiro

John Jacob "Jake the Barber" Factor

Benjamin "Dopey Benny" Fein

Maxie "Boo Boo" Hoff

Max "Kid Rags" Kalick

Joseph "Yoski Nigger" Toblinsky

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos: Arnold Rothstein. Towered above his gangster peers in terms
of smarts, slipperiness, and lasting impact. Dustin Hoffman as Dutch Schultz in
'Billy Bathgate.'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 26, 2013 Friday

Putin's Medieval Peace Pact in Chechnya

LENGTH: 1086  words


The involvement of two ethnic Chechens in the Boston Marathon bombing came as a
brutal reminder of the wars that ravaged the Russian republic more than a decade
ago. Less understood is that they aren't over.
Vladimir Putin said when he first ran for president in 2000 that his "historic
mission" was to resolve the situation in the North Caucasus. To do so, he
oversaw a second war in Chechnya, already devastated by Russia's failed attempt
to subdue the republic in 1994-1996.


Instead of solving the North Caucasus issue, however, Putin created a monster.
To end the fighting, he cut a deal with Chechnya's rebel Kadyrov clan: In
exchange for loyalty to the Kremlin, they received power and reconstruction aid.

This was a medieval deal that made Akhmad Kadyrov, a rebel commander and Sufi
mufti, Putin's feudal liege. The aim was to co-opt the more religiously moderate
Sufis among Chechnya's rebel fighters, marginalize the Salafist jihadists who
appear to have fascinated the Boston bombers, and enable the Russian military to
declare victory and draw down.
It was a false triumph. Kadyrov was assassinated in 2004. But under his son,
Ramzan, Chechnya today remains a gray zone, neither independent, nor under
Russian control, nor at peace.
Kadyrov is the only leader in any of Russia's 21 republics to have his own
militia. So sure is he of his indispensability to the fragile Pax Putina in the
North Caucasus that he once strode into the Kremlin wearing a tracksuit and
jogging shoes. Few others would risk such a mark of disrespect to Putin.
Virtue Campaigns
Russia's writ runs weak in Chechnya. Kadyrov has imposed elements of Islamic
law, including a ban on unveiled women in public buildings. He likes to race up
and down the capital Grozny's new Vladimir Putin Avenue at night, occasionally
pulling his sports car over to holler at women he considers immodest. His
so-called virtue campaigns have included a clampdown on alleged sorcerers.
Putin pays a high price for the allegiance of this warlord. The Russian
government spent $30 billion in the North Caucasus from 2000 to 2010, and plans
to deliver a further $80 billion of federal funds to the region's 9 million
population by 2025. Among the projects this tide of cash will pay for is a
world- class ski resort in Chechnya. Even so, unemployment in the republic
remains at more than 36 percent; poverty in the villages is grinding; and
hundreds of people die every year in continuing clashes with mainly jihadist
guerrillas.
Kadyrov spends Putin's largesse like a Gulf sheikh. Grozny, reduced to rubble
during the wars, now has blue-glass office towers and a state-of-the-art soccer
stadium (Kadyrov's father was killed in the old one) with the capacity to hold
30,000 people.

Now 36 years old, Chechnya's president likes to pose for the cameras with his
gold-plated pistol, and he posts snaps of his life on the photo-sharing site
Instagram. In an average week, he might cuddle a baby tiger, wave traditional
swords or box government ministers. (Boston bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev identified
with a long Chechen boxing tradition.)
Kadyrov is untouchable in Russia and, as a result, Putin's political opponents
see the Chechen leader as the Kremlin's gangster ally, licensed to operate a
mafia network throughout the federation.
These accusations, dismissed by the Kremlin and Kadyrov alike, have turned
Russian nationalism upside down. When Russian troops charged into Chechnya, it
was the nationalists who demanded that not a centimeter of territory be allowed
to secede. Now, furious at the price that Russians have to pay for this policy,
the same nationalists are screaming that Russia should expel the North Caucasus
republics from the federation and "declare independence" from Chechnya.
Rallying Cry
"Stop Feeding the Caucasus" has become a rallying cry for Russia's political
opposition. Although the Moscow protest movement that emerged in December 2011
is mostly liberal, it is also happy to attract as many anti-Chechen nationalists
as it can.
Alexey Navalny, the opposition leader on trial for corruption charges that
appear to be fabricated, is as famous for lashing out at Chechens as he is for
his anti-corruption campaigns. Navalny despises Kadyrov, whom he accuses of
ordering murders across Russia, and of theft and extortion from the Russian
state. Kadyrov has denied these and other allegations.
Chechen-bashing works politically for Navalny because Putin cannot fight back.
The Kremlin can mimic Navalny's anti- corruption campaign, but it can't start
attacking Kadyrov. That would threaten the Pax Putina in the Caucasus. Navalny
can therefore paint Putin as weak, accusing Russia's president of paying
billions of rubles in tribute to a Chechen warlord, so that Chechens won't let
off bombs in Moscow. "The Godfather of all Chechen bandits and thugs is not
sitting in Grozny, but in the Kremlin," Navalny has said.
Navalny appears to have much of the public on his side when it comes to
Chechnya. According to a 2011 opinion poll by the independent Levada Center, 51
percent of Russians wouldn't care if Chechnya was thrown out of Russia and 59
percent agree with the xenophobic slogan "Russia for Russians." A further 56
percent say they worry that ethnic clashes might soon occur. And there is
overwhelming public support to cut the handouts to Chechnya.

For Kadyrov, the end of subsidies from Moscow would be disastrous. About 90
percent of the Chechen government budget consists of transfers from Moscow, and
a huge chunk of employment is dependent on the Grozny reconstruction boom that
Moscow funds. If it stopped, Kadyrov would quickly have a revolt of the jobless
on his hands and would risk being toppled.
Wild Speculation
The belief that Kadyrov would do whatever it takes to keep Putin in power breeds
wild speculation in Moscow. It was widely believed during the December 2011
opposition protests, for example, that "Putin's Chechens" were camped out inside
the unfinished Hotel Moscow, just off Red Square, and would be released to shoot
ethnic Russian demonstrators should they march on the Kremlin. No Chechens
emerged.
Putin can't rule forever. Because Putin can't solve the Kadyrov problem, it is
likely to explode the moment his grip on power falters. Whether the result is an
independent Chechnya, a weak leader in Moscow unable to control Kadyrov, or a
third Chechen war, Putin has failed in his "historic mission" -- to resolve the
North Caucasus issue. Chechnya remains fertile territory for conflict.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                         September 14, 2002, Saturday

A BLIGHT ON THE COUNCIL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 685 words

City Hall. A citadel of free speech. A beacon of democracy. A place where
competing interests vie peacefully for their share of the municipal pie. So why
on Earth was Robert Mugabe, the president of Zimbabwe, holding forth for more
than an hour in the City Council Chamber on Thursday?

Double-breasted suits, Windsor knots and French cuffs may give Mugabe an air of
respectability. But this guy is just another autocrat who rules through
oppression. His twisted attempt at land redistribution, for example, is only
contributing to the worsening famine in Zimbabwe and southern Africa as
once-fertile fields go untended.

The free speech Mugabe so comfortably exercised here is denied in Zimbabwe,
where he has been in power for 22 years. Amnesty International has cited him for
human rights abuses. Opposition leaders who challenge him, journalists who
report the truth, judges who won't do his bidding and ordinary citizens yearning
to express themselves freely are jailed, beaten, tortured or worse.

Unfortunately, the man most of the rest of the world has seen fit to marginalize
received a hero's welcome from a ragtag group of Council members. The sponsor of
this outrageous program was Charles Barron (D-Brooklyn). You remember him. He's
the one who, at a slave reparations rally in Washington last month, declared
that he'd like to slap a white person "just for my mental health."

Speaker Gifford Miller (D-Manhattan), like a majority of the Council, skipped
the event. But in a statement, he said that "any attempt to quash free speech"
by preventing the Mugabe confab would be "a terrible mistake." Incredibly broad
reading of the First Amendment. Does Miller also think it is okay to yell
"Fire!" in a crowded theater?

Barron is unapologetic about it all. "I'm a child of the '60s," he said in a
phone conversation yesterday. "I see [Mugabe] as a hero of the revolution." And
he accused Miller of showing "disrespect."

There's no getting through to him. Barron seems incapable of understanding that
antics like playing host to Mugabe - not to mention superfluous resolutions on
reparations and ridiculous charges of racism when Mayor Bloomberg speaks out on
public schools - are hurtling the entire Council toward irrelevance.

While Miller has done some good things in his brief tenure - such as supporting
the mayor's budget - he has much to do to assert his leadership and bring the
Council to order. The people's business is being derailed by these debilitating
distractions. Of course, he can't go it alone. Other members must speak out.

The only question is, why are they silent?  Defeat and retreat

On Primary Day, the Brooklyn Democratic machine got a bloody nose when its
anointed candidates lost two prized Civil Court judgeships and a state Senate
seat. Now comes word that Howie Golden, the borough's former party boss, has
resigned a plum patronage job in the Brooklyn district attorney's office. Any
week that's bad for the Kings County Democratic organization is a good week for
open and honest government.

It was the voters who defeated the party's hacks at the polls. It was the
ill-accomplished district attorney, Joe Hynes, who retreated on his old patron,
the hack of hacks, Golden.

To the voters: Congratulations, and keep it going. To Hynes: What took so long?

For nine months, Golden has been collecting a giant pension garnered after
decades as Brooklyn borough president. But, in addition to his fat retirement
package, he was blessed with a $125,000-a-year make-work job in the office of
good buddy Hynes. Come Sept. 27, he'll have to make do with the pension. Don't
worry. Howie won't be living on cat food.

Nice that Hynes' jobs program for retired pols is being shut down. But since his
office is running over budget, City Hall should dun him $125,000 and divide the
money among the four other district attorneys for real crimefighting.

Conduct unbecoming

News item: SANTA ANA, Calif. (AP) - California's Libertarian Party is
considering dropping its candidate for governor because he spat on a radio talk
show host.

Just considering?

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Kragthorpe: Pac-12 title would mean everything to Utes

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports

LENGTH: 658 words


After his team throttled Arizona State in epic fashion and made those questions
about overlooking the Sun Devils seem silly, Utah guard Delon Wright joined the
rest of the world in looking ahead to the atmosphere of Saturday's game with No.
7 Arizona in a sold-out Huntsman Center.

"I can only imagine," Wright said.

Who could have pictured any of this? Technicalities aside, with another week
remaining in the regular season, this is a conference championship game. By
beating Arizona for the first time in their four years of Pac-12 membership, the
Utes can tie the Wildcats for first place.

College basketball is a postseason sport. Teams are remembered for how far they
advance in the NCAA Tournament, and what happens in March tends to marginalize
everything up until then.

In Utah's case, though, a conference championship is highly meaningful. Winning
a Pac-12 title wouldn't complete coach Larry Krystkowiak's work in four seasons,
but it would be a huge achievement for his program and the entire athletic
department.

The Utes want to be genuine players in the Pac-12, and here's their biggest
opportunity outside of gymnastics to do something extraordinary in this league.
Never mind that the conference's depth and talent is less than overwhelming in
2014-15. Just credit the Utes with good timing. Krystkowiak has developed a
contending team, while fulfilling the goal he outlined in his introductory news
conference.

He never referenced conference championships, NCAA Tournaments or national
rankings that, instead speaking simply of wanting to "get the pride back" in
Utah basketball.

The tents being erected late Thursday night in the line for student admission to
Saturday's game are among the symbols of Krystkowiak's success. The Utes'
following has grown steadily from the nights when the MUSS numbered maybe a
dozen members, and the environment for Arizona's visit will be "a little bit
crazy," Krystkowiak said approvingly.

As for what happens on the court, there's considerable intrigue. None of the
previous eight Pac-12 visitors this season has remotely threatened Utah. They've
all lost by 15-plus points with some ridiculous results, including the 83-41
embarrassment of Arizona State on Thursday.

The Utes' only regret about that game might be the schedule. They may wish they
could have played Arizona, with the incentive of righting the wrongs of their
loss at Oregon. In advance of ASU's visit, Krystkowiak became so convinced about
the way the Utes would respond that he told someone, "I wouldn't want to be the
team that had to play us."

The Sun Devils found out what he meant, trailing 41-9 at halftime. Now, the Utes
can only hope to give Arizona their best shot.

Krystkowiak is almost always good-natured and accommodating in interviews, but
he's tired of questions about one subject: Utah's offense. The reality is that a
No. 19 efficiency ranking in the trusted KenPom.com analysis becomes much more
meaningful only if the Utes can thrive against Arizona.

In advance of Utah's 69-51 loss at Arizona last month, I had targeted Wright and
freshman center Jakob Poeltl as critical components. There was enough blame to
go around afterward, but they were nothing special in that game. So I'll frame
this game the same way: The Utes need Wright to play at a Wooden Award level and
Poeltl to look like a (someday) first-round pick in the NBA.

Poeltl blocked five shots in the first half Thursday. If Wright had played more
than 21 minutes, he could have posted some stunning numbers ccc beyond his 12
points, five rebounds, four assists, three blocks and three steals.

As it is, he'll be well rested for Senior Night. Wright made an unconventional
choice of Utah out of junior college in 2013, after the Utes slowly climbed from
3-15 to 5-13 in Pac-12 play. They've gone 9-9 and 12-3 in his two seasons. If
they can get to 15-3, they will have flipped the script, with a banner to show
for it.

kkragthorpe@sltrib.com

Twitter: @tribkurt

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             June 19, 2010 Saturday

Chief Burbank: Immigration laws jeopardize police role

BYLINE: By Chris Burbank

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 632 words


The essential duty of modern law enforcement is to protect the civil rights of
individuals while providing for the safety of all members of the communities we
serve, equally, without bias.

Anti-immigration fervor -- manifesting itself in the form of controversial laws
in states throughout the nation -- jeopardizes this fundamental tenet and the
principles upon which we base our profession. Requiring local police agencies to
enforce federal immigration laws is contrary to our mission, marginalizes
significant segments of the population and ultimately harms effective community
policing. We function best when we are a part of, not apart from, the community.

By increasing our role enforcing civil immigration law, officers are placed in
the untenable position of potentially engaging in unconstitutional racial
profiling while attempting to maintain trust within the communities we protect.
We are forced to detain and question individuals for looking or speaking
differently from the majority, not for their criminal behavior.

In Salt Lake City, approximately one-third of the population is Latino and
subject to inappropriate police scrutiny. Often unrecognized in the immigration
debate is the efficacy of enforcement and the adverse impact upon all
individuals of color. How is a police officer to determine status without
detaining and questioning anyone who speaks, looks or acts as if they might be
from another nation?

The process moves us frighteningly close to regulations restricting free
movement inside the country and mandating identification or citizenship papers
for all people. Can you imagine a procedure similar to that of boarding an
airplane to cross the borders of states within the union?

The strongest proponents of immigration enforcement are on record as saying
Hispanics commit crime at a higher rate than other racial groups. There is no
statistical support for this racist rhetoric. In fact, cities throughout the
nation have experienced dramatic reductions in crime across all categories,
especially violent crime. Salt Lake City had a record-low four homicides in
2009.

This is incongruent with proponents' claims that "illegal immigrants are
flooding to Utah" and that they are responsible for committing the majority of
violent crime.

Recently, a Utah state representative publicly stated that a lack of proficiency
with the English language amounted to reasonable suspicion to stop and detain an
individual. Limited language skills are not indicative of criminal behavior.

We are proud of the large number of immigrants living in Salt Lake City, many of
whom speak Spanish as their primary language. We also have immigrant residents
from numerous other nations of the world. All are vital members of our
community.

Martin Luther King Jr. taught of social responsibility, "History will have to
record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the
vitriolic words and the violent actions of the bad people but the appalling
silence and indifference of the good. Our generation will have to repent not
only for the words and actions of the children of darkness but also for the
fears and apathy of the children of light."

Recently, I attended funeral services for Sgt. Franco Aguilar of the Sevier
County Sheriff's Office. The son of an immigrant family, he lost his life in the
performance of his duty. He was an individual, representative of so many whom we
employ, willing to sacrifice his personal safety and the well-being of his
family to serve each of us.

I shudder to think that the children of this hero of the state of Utah might one
day be inappropriately detained and questioned because of their ethnicity or the
color of their skin.

Chris Burbank is Salt Lake City chief of police. Alt Heads:

Immigration laws jeopardize police role

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            June 28, 2006 Wednesday

Panel quizzed on VY safety

BYLINE: By ANDY ROSEN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 716 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Testimony before a federal panel lacked the intensity that's
accompanied previous federal hearings on Vermont Yankee's recent power boost,
but those who came were determined to make themselves heard.

A small, but dedicated crowd of area residents spent the past two days quizzing
the Atomic Safety and Licensing Board about the safety of the plant's "uprate."

Though Vermont Yankee has already completed the 20 percent boost, the board has
the authority to overturn the decision that allowed it.

The three-member panel, which is part of the federal Nuclear Regulatory
Commission, was in town on Monday and Tuesday, taking public testimony on the
uprate.

Turnout was low as sessions were adjourned early after everyone had spoken.
Still, the sparseness of the crowd allowed several people to extend their
speeches beyond the allotted five minutes. Some even spoke more than once.

Many expressed frustration with the NRC for approving the uprate, saying the
process marginalizes public input. Others stuck to technical aspects of plant
safety at the new power level.

One issue that came up regularly was the evaluation that Vermont Yankee got
before it was approved. The integrity of the plant's steam dryer, which removes
liquid from steam that spins turbines to produce power, was discussed as well.

Dr. Richard Foley, who teaches energy policy at Keene (N.H.) State College,
brought up both issues.

He, along with many other speakers, said the state's request for an inspection
by independent experts should have been granted. NRC inspectors evaluated
Vermont Yankee and determinted that an uprate was safe, but opponents have
contended that the review was not thorough.

Foley said other plants, like Yankee Rowe in Massachusetts and Maine Yankee,
both constructed by the company that built Vermont Yankee, have been closed
after such inspections.

He also mentioned the need for "large transient testing" at the plant, which
would see if Vermont Yankee could fully shut down from it's new power level in
an emergency.

He said the plant used computer modeling, calculation and industry experience in
place of that testing, it should use the same experience about inspection.

"The question is, if they want to use industry experience as a (reason not to do
a full shutdown), why don't they use industry experience in requiring a rigorous
investigation of the plant?" he asked.

Ellen Tenney, of Rockingham, told board members that she'd spoken with a worker
from the plant who told her that Vermont Yankee had been cutting corners on
maintenance.

She mentioned the need for an independent inspection, and said it would put
community anxiety to rest.

"Why can't we have one? That would give us the whole picture," she said. "You've
got to do it. I think the industry owes us that much."

Tenney said the person she spoke to did not identify himself. Later, two NRC
officials took her aside to ask questions.

NRC spokesman David McIntyre said he spoke to Tenney and explained that the
commission has an anonymous reporting system that employees and contractors can
use without fear of retaliation.

Though there was plenty of testimony during the ASLB visit, it likely won't all
make it into the final consideration.

The board is weighing two contentions to the uprate, both filed by the nuclear
watchdog New England Coalition.

One refers to the large transient testing, while the other takes issue with the
way the plant's emergency cooling towers were evaluated.

The coalition contents that Vermont Yankee hasn't given proper consideration to
the integrity of the towers, at the new power level, in case of an earthquake or
terrorist attack.

The coalition has one more contention pending, which concerns the testing
methods used to evaluate the steam dryer.

But McIntyre said it's not out of the question for the board to consider
testimony that doesn't apply directly to the contentions.

"If they hear something last night or today that they feel is relevant and of
concern, they can bring it up during the evidentiary hearings," he said.

Those hearings, which will determine the board's final decision on the uprate,
begin the week of Sept. 11.

The board is still taking written public testimony. It can be emailed to
ksv@nrc.gov .

Andy Rosen can be reached at arosen@reformer.com or (802) 254-2311, ext. 275.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                          September 22, 2005 Thursday

Thursday Readers' Forum

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 608 words


Faith and science Alan Miller's analysis of the evolution versus intelligent
design controversy [Marin Voice, Sept. 11] rings true to this Jewish reader.

Despite Einstein's assertion that he was trying to read God's mind, the tools of
science cannot answer questions of faith and likewise the tools of faith cannot
answer questions of science.

Even the rabbis of Talmudic times understood that it is impossible to determine
the length of the creation story's "days" when the sun and moon were created on
the fourth day, and thus the "light" created on day one must be very different
than the light we experience today.

That being said, I must remind Professor Miller that there is no such book as
the "Old Testament". There is the Hebrew Bible or Pentateuch or Torah or Tanach.
During an era when virulent anti-semitism is practiced by more than a billion
people, when Zionism is equated with racism, when England will change Holocaust
Remembrance Day to "Genocide" Remembrance Day to avoid giving some folks
offense, it is crucial not to further marginalize or delegitimize the Jewish
people, even in an unintentional way.

Mark Jacobs, M.D., Mill Valley

Commending Mill Valley As a Marin County resident that has been involved with
air pollution research for 28 years and as a director of the American Lung
Association's Redwood Empire Branch, I wish to thank the city of Mill Valley for
its leadership in regulating the installation of wood-burning appliances and the
removal and operation of non-certified wood burning appliances.

Wood smoke has the same carcinogens as tobacco smoke and exposure must be
minimized to protect the health of the community.

Breathing air containing wood smoke can reduce lung function, especially in
children, trigger asthma attacks, increase severity of existing lung diseases
such as emphysema, asthma and chronic bronchitis, and aggravate heart disease.

Long-term exposure can lead to chronic lung disease and increased risk of lung
cancer.

The two major sources of fine particulate matter [PM] in Marin County are wood
burning and motor vehicles.

Local governments have little influence motor vehicle vehicles emissions because
they are regulated at the state and federal level; however, local government can
effectively reduce emissions from wood burning by adopting city and county
ordinances Requiring clean-burning EPA-certified appliances and the use of dry
wood or pellets is clearly the best way to mitigate this problem.

Wood smoke is a public heath issue and a personal health issue for my family.

My daughter's asthma is triggered by wood smoke. It only takes a few neighbors
using their 1950s-style fireplaces and old stoves in Sleepy Hollow on calm
winter nights to cause air pollution concentrations that trigger my daughter's
asthma and probably exceed the National Ambient Air Quality Standards for
24-hour average PM2.5.

The city of Mill Valley should be commended for recognizing the health threat
posed by wood smoke exposure and showing real leadership in protecting the
public health. We hope that other cities in Marin County will now step up to the
plate to show their leadership on this important air quality issue.

Fred Lurmann, Director, American Lung Association of California,

Redwood Empire Branch,

San Anselmo

Excellent care During a recent hospitalization at Marin General Hospital, I
received excellent and compassionate care.

I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to all of the dedicated staff , the
Marin General intensive care and emergency room physicians and the physicians of
Marin Cancer Care.

Peggy Bryant, R.N., San Anselmo

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Senate Races Expose Extent Of Republicans' Gender Gap

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 992 words


Republicans, hoping to gain seats in the Senate, knew that their limited appeal
among minorities would be a problem, as would party infighting. But they did not
expect to be derailed by the definition of rape.

Comments by two Republican Senate candidates concerning pregnancies that result
from rape -- which came after months of battles in Congress over abortion,
financing for contraception and a once-innocuous piece of legislation to protect
victims of domestic violence -- turned contagious as one Senate candidate after
another fell short of victory.

In Indiana and Missouri, where voters are reliably conservative, Republicans
lost their Senate battles even as many of those voters rejected President Obama.
In Wisconsin, the Republican candidate, a former governor, lost to a female
lawmaker who is decidedly more liberal than much of the state. In Connecticut,
women over all turned against a Republican candidate who frequently reminded
voters that she was a grandmother.

Being a woman did not offset being a Republican when it came to winning many
Congressional seats among female voters. While one Republican woman, Deb Fischer
of Nebraska, will join the Senate in January, Democrats will add four women as
senators, including Heidi Heitkamp, who was declared the winner in the race for
North Dakota's open Senate seat, the last undecided contest. There are currently
17 women in the Senate; two of them, both Republicans, are retiring.

Republicans in the House entered the election with just 24 women. Now, unless
another one prevails in late tallies, there will be 21. By contrast, there are
52 women among the Democrats in the House, and 61 are expected in the next
Congress.

Some Republicans conceded that they had worked to marginalize Representative
Todd Akin after he suggested during his failed bid for a Senate seat in Missouri
that a woman's body was able to prevent a pregnancy resulting from ''legitimate
rape.'' They did so because they were worried that their party was increasingly
seen among voters as preoccupied with issues like the one sponsored by
Republicans in Virginia that would have required women to undergo vaginal
sonograms before they could have an abortion.

''We have a significant problem with female voters,'' said John Weaver, a senior
Republican strategist. Mr. Akin's comments, Mr. Weaver said, ''did not seem like
outliers.'' Nor, he added, were those made by Richard E. Mourdock, whose Senate
campaign in Indiana was derailed in spectacular fashion after he said in a
debate that it was ''God's will'' when a pregnancy resulted from rape.

''They did not seem foreign to our party,'' Mr. Weaver said. ''They seemed
representative of our party.''

The comments had resonance, some Republicans said, in part because Democrats,
seizing on the remarks and repeating them, worked hard to tar the entire party
as being insensitive to women.

Congressional Republicans' heavy focus on social issues affecting women -- like
their proposals to reduce financing for Planned Parenthood and their challenge
of an Obama administration ruling requiring insurance coverage for contraception
-- set the groundwork for those perceptions.

''What was really frustrating is that there was this myth manufactured by
Democrats in Washington that the Republican Party as a whole is against women,''
said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, who said she watched with
disappointment as her friend Senator Scott P. Brown of Massachusetts was tarred
by the broader fight and lost his bid for re-election, to a woman. ''There is no
doubt we need to do a better job as a party in reaching out to women, recruiting
strong women candidates and sending a more positive message,'' Ms. Collins said.

Women were not just turned off by perceived threats to their reproductive
rights, Mr. Weaver said, but also by the tough tone that the party has taken
toward immigrants and the poor.

''We have to reach across a whole host of policy reforms,'' he said. ''For
instance, immigration may not seem like a women's issue, but as Ronald Reagan
and Bush 41 and Bush 43 for a while seemed to understand is that when you reach
out to one group it helps you across the board. We need to be changing our tone,
to be standing for something and not just against things. We can be for health
care and for equal pay for equal work without undermining our conservative
principles.''

The problem with female voters was reflected at the top of the ticket: Mr. Obama
beat Mitt Romney by 11 points among women.

The numbers also lined up against Republicans in Congressional races. In
Indiana, Mr. Mourdock's opponent, Representative Joe Donnelly, won 53 percent of
women's votes, compared with Mr. Mourdock's 41 percent, in a state that Mr.
Romney won handily.

In the Connecticut Senate race, men were evenly divided, 49 percent to 49
percent, but women favored the Democratic candidate, Representative Christopher
S. Murphy, 60 percent to 39 percent, over the Republican, Linda E. McMahon.

In Virginia, 56 percent of women voted for the Democrat, Tim Kaine, and 44
percent went to George Allen, the Republican, who lost the race.

Some Democrats, after months of relentless criticism of Republicans on women's
issues, played down the importance of those concerns on Wednesday, preferring
instead to credit the candidates they recruited. ''Offensive comments from Todd
Akin and Richard Mourdock did not decide this election,'' said Senator Patty
Murray of Washington, the chairwoman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign
Committee.

Either way, Republicans said their party had work to do. ''It has never made
sense that my party, the party of individual freedom and personal
responsibility, thinks the government should be involved in issues'' like
abortion, Ms. Collins said. ''We are the party that trusts individuals to make
their own decisions. That is one of the defining issues of the differences
between Republicans and Democrats. So this is just bewildering to me.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/08/us/politics/womens-issues-were-a-problem-for-g
op.html

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The scene at Elizabeth Warren's victory party in Boston. Her
opponent, Senator Scott P. Brown, was hurt by the debate over women, Senator
Susan Collins said. (PHOTOGRAPH BY EVAN McGLINN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (P13)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 11, 2010 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BIG 12 GONE, NCAA GOING?. CONFERENCE MAY NOT BE ONLY VICTIM

BYLINE: BY DICK WEISS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 88

LENGTH: 681 words


The once-mighty Big 12 appears to be crumbling amid the seismic shift in the
college football landscape. The NCAA, as we know it today, could be the next to
go.

With Nebraska set to bolt for the Big Ten, and six other member schools - Texas,
Texas A&M, Texas Tech, Oklahoma, Oklahoma State and Colorado - also on the verge
of a mass exodus for the Pac-10, it's clear the Big 12 is just about done.

And when the dust finally settles on the new world order of college athletics,
there will likely be a seismic change in the landscape that could produce four
16-team super conferences - the Big Ten, Pac-10, SEC and ACC. Those four
conferences have the potential to dictate the future of college athletics with
their own lucrative television contracts and postseason championships, and can
marginalize the importance of the BCS and other Division I programs, which will
be left on the outside looking in.

Is a four-conference national championship playoff that far off?

The NCAA most likely will operate at the behest of these entitled 64
universities that can regulate and share their revenue at their own discretion.
The NCAA essentially will soon realize it is only a service provider to the
power players in college athletics, taking a page from Notre Dame football,
which has maintained its independent status because it has become must-see TV.

Just imagine how much clout the four potential power conferences would have if
the Irish ever joined the Big Ten.

These latest changes could eventually even create a secession movement. Though
Abraham Lincoln was able to preserve the union, it is in doubt whether new NCAA
president Mark Emmert can preserve this organization in its current form.

The NCAA may have dropped a bomb on USC's football program yesterday, putting
the Trojans on four years' probation, banning them from postseason play for two
years, taking away 30 scholarships and forcing them to forfeit all their wins
from the 2004 national championship season and from 2005, when they played for
another one. But it also may have been USC's BCS brethren, enforcing checks and
balances to keep the king under control.

There were no voices raised in protest from Indianapolis this week when college
athletics plunged into a sea of chaos, with the more influential programs
finding a new way of increasing their assets.

By the same token, none of the university presidents has publicly commented on
the new changes that will affect all of them. It's become more evident who the
ruling class in college athletics really is and it has little to do with
institutional values or university missions and more to do with financial
balance sheets.

Many academics have changed their view of college athletics when they see the
benefits of informercials at halftime of Saturday prime-time football and
throughout the three weeks of March Madness.

This isn't about creating better competition or bringing together like
institutions in similar regions, it's all about the ability to build war chests
to sustain universities through tough economic times.

These new geographic affiliations are a far cry from the early 1990s, when
university presidents from the Big Ten offered their opinions about whether Penn
State - which was considered an outpost - was too far for their teams to travel
to when the Lions applied for membership. Likewise, don't expect to hear these
same university presidents speaking out about TV time slots like they did when 9
p.m. West Coast games were slotted to assure additional programming for cable
networks.

It's hard to rationalize a megaconference that spans half a continent,
stretching from State College, Pa., to Lincoln, Neb., or College Station, Tex.,
to Pullman, Wash. Even professional sports are set up with geographical
considerations. It is hard to imagine what logic there is when East Coast teams
in Major League Baseball have two West Coast swings a season while college
athletes in the new Pac-16 will be doing it on a biweekly basis.

But with all the money set to come in the front door, logic is out the window.

dweiss@nydailynews.com

twitter.com/nydndickweiss

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              July 29, 2012 Sunday

To Congress: Reauthorize Violence Against Women Act

BYLINE: Maureen Powers / In My Opinion

SECTION: P; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 753  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


By Maureen Powers

YWCAs are dedicated to eliminating racism, empowering women and promoting peace,
justice, freedom and dignity for all. One of the ways we do that here in
Lancaster is through our Sexual Assault Prevention and Counseling Center, where
we counsel 700-1,000 survivors of sexual assault each year.

Now we are struggling with an issue that is a perfect example of why we have a
dual mission, and how systemic racism and sexism work together to reinforce each
other and marginalize a group of women desperately in need of protection.

One in four girls will be sexually abused during her childhood. One in four
women will experience domestic violence and, on average, three women are
murdered by their partners every day in the U.S.

In 1994, Congress enacted the Violence Against Women Act to provide a national,
systemic response to intimate partner violence that includes critical financial
support to organizations working to prevent and end violence.

In communities across the country, VAWA has helped YWCAs and thousands of other
providers extend services to women and girls who have experienced violence. VAWA
has funded 24-hour emergency hotlines; emergency and transitional housing for
women and children; counseling and court accompaniment for victims; and
prevention and intervention programs.

The Violence Against Women Act is a landmark law aimed at preventing and ending
violence against women and girls. VAWA was reauthorized in 2000 and again in
2005. Both reauthorizations added provisions to improve law enforcement and
victim services, and both received wide bipartisan support. But that was then
and this is now, when every law, every nomination, every allocation, every issue
is an opportunity for partisanship and the rights and health of women seem ever
under attack.

VAWA is up for reauthorization again this year. A Senate version passed with
broad bipartisan support. This bill would grant powers to tribal courts to
prosecute non-Native Americans suspected of assaulting their American Indian
spouses or domestic partners. The House passed a bill to reauthorize VAWA that
excluded key provisions of the Senate bill, among these protections for Native
American women. These provisions have become a sticking point, so the House and
Senate have not negotiated a compromise, and may not do so before breaking for
the summer, putting services to assaulted women all over the country in
jeopardy.

Why is it so important to pass the Senate version of VAWA? According to a report
released by the Department of Justice, American Indians and Crime, Native
American women experience the highest rate of violence of any group in the
United States at a rate 3½ times greater than the national average. According to
the Department of Justice, 70 percent or more of violence experienced by Native
American women is committed by persons not of the same race.

Native American women also experience the highest levels of sexual abuse. A
report from the American Indian Women's Chemical Health Project found that 75
percent of Native American women have experienced sexual assault.

An American Indian woman raped or beaten by her non-Native American husband
often has nowhere to turn for protection under existing law. Tribal law
enforcement has no authority to intervene because the perpetrator is a
non-Native American; the state has no authority to intervene because the victim
is an Indian; and the federal government - the body with exclusive jurisdiction
- has neither the will nor the resources to intervene in misdemeanor-level
domestic violence cases. The Justice Department did not prosecute 65 percent of
rape cases on Indian reservations in 2011.

As women of color, Native Americans experience not only sexual violence, but
also institutionalized racism and sexism, reporting numerous encounters in which
police treated them as if they were not telling the truth.

The provisions in the Senate bill give tribal jurisdiction only over a few
crimes that are an egregious problem in Native American country: domestic
violence, dating violence, and violations of protection orders. This applies
only when the defendant is a spouse or established intimate partner of a tribal
member. Defendants would be entitled to all constitutional protections,
including due-process rights.

VAWA has received bipartisan support since 1994. It would be unconscionable not
to reauthorize VAWA, and dismiss women's health and safety for political reasons
mired in sexism and racism.

Maureen Powers is the CEO of YWCA Lancaster.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      October 18, 2002 Friday Home Edition

Abortion not an issue this election season

BYLINE: NANCY COVERDELL

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 23A; EQUAL TIME

LENGTH: 595 words


As every election cycle gears up, the special-interest groups nationwide and in
Georgia try to manipulate the electorate to support candidates that carry their
water.

Take abortion supporters this year, for example. In a sideshow that is an
attempt to distract from the real issues important to Georgia women, they are
trying to make meaningless details concerning some candidates' abortion
positions the compelling reason to vote or oppose a candidate.

Georgia women have more important things on their minds.

This all began last month when feminists attempted to make hay out of the
Georgia Right to Life's decision to endorse only candidates who oppose abortion
except when it comes to the life of the mother. If a candidate supported
exceptions for rape or incest, he or she lost the group's endorsement.

But the problem is, when it comes to the rape and incest exceptions, they really
are meaningless decoys that abortion absolutists use to marginalize the
pragmatic middle --- where most women are on this issue.

Abortion providers perform a service and never inquire why. They never ask who
the father is, let alone whether he is a rapist or one who molested his
daughter.

This year when special-interest groups begin negative attacks against pro-life
candidates, Georgia women need to see this manipulation for what it is:
meaningless election-year rhetoric.

Georgia women I know would like to see the focus shift to issues more directly
affecting their lives. For example:

Education: Georgia aimed to raise SAT scores to an average of 1000 by 2001. This
year's statewide average was 980, 40 points behind the national average. Like
other taxpayers, women believe SAT scores are an important yardstick in
measuring whether public schools are up to snuff. They are sick of empty
promises and so-called reform plans that discriminate by giving some children an
excellent education and others a dismal one. Dead last is simply not acceptable.

Taxes: Women make up 48 percent of the Georgia work force. Just like their male
counterparts, female workers want to keep more of their hard-earned dollars and
send less to Uncle Sam and the Georgia tax collectors. With a struggling
economy, women know the importance of having more money in their pocketbooks to
benefit their families.

Homeland security: There isn't a woman out there who isn't concerned about world
peace in this time of heightened terrorism. Women want to make sure proactive
steps are taken to keep all of us safe at home and abroad. They want elected
representatives in Washington who will work to protect their children and future
generations from catastrophe.

Traffic: Congestion is a nightmare and getting worse in metro Atlanta. A bullet
train to Athens, Macon or Griffin will not help the carpooling mothers and
fathers whose quality of life is negatively affected by regional traffic
problems.

These are the issues women are talking about at soccer practice, Scout meetings
and around the water cooler.

Splitting hairs about which exceptions are appropriate concerning abortion plays
into the hands of extremists on both sides of the debate who want to detract
from the more important issues that continue to go unsolved.

Women, like all voters, use common sense when considering the abortion issue. As
opinion polls suggest, women want moderation on the issue.

Special-interest groups that continue to believe women are one-issue voters will
soon be taught a lesson. Georgia women will be taking much greater concerns with
them to the polls on Nov. 5.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Nancy Coverdell is the widow of U.S. Sen. Paul Coverdell.;
Graphic: Is abortion an important campaign issue for Georgia women this year?
Send your e-mail to issue@ajc.com, where it will be posted online. Please
include full name, city or county of residence and daytime phone. (Phone numbers
will not be published.)
Georgia? Send your e-mail to issue@ajc.com, where it will be posted online.
Please include full name, city or county of residence and daytime phone. (Phone
numbers will not be published.)

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Borscht Belt era comes to an end

BYLINE: JOSH GETLIN

SECTION: News; A1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 1237 words

DATELINE: MONTICELLO, N.Y.


As bulldozers get ready to demolish what's left of the old Borscht Belt and
create a new mecca of swank hotels and casinos, a bitter truth is emerging.

The world of wisecracking comedians, teeming bungalow colonies and summer
romance immortalized in such films as Dirty Dancing is gone, the victim of
changing vacation tastes and poor management.

By design, it is being replaced with a homogenized vacationland that will
marginalize, if not erase, the Jewish culture preceding it. And the change is
difficult for some to accept, given the Catskill Mountains' rich historical
legacy.

American Jews have given the region a distinct flavour for nearly 100 years, and
many want to preserve it. But will developers planning to revive the area with
gambling and mega-resorts keep this presence alive?

The question hung heavy over a gathering here this month on change and
continuity in the Catskills.

''I'm glad you asked,'' said Marge Schneider, representing a company building a
1,500-room resort on the site of the bankrupt Concord Hotel, once the region's
largest resort.

''We plan to build retail shops here. We'd love to turn one of them into a
little museum. Send your memorabilia to this little museum. We'll preserve it.''

If plans to introduce Indian-run casinos here succeed - and they seem closer to
reality than ever - millions of people will swarm into a green, pastoral region
about 145 kilometres north of Manhattan that could rival Atlantic City, N.J. And
many of these tourists may not know or care that Milton Berle, Alan King, Joan
Rivers, Jackie Mason, Shecky Green, Danny Kaye and other shtickmeisters got
their start in Catskills night clubs.

''Go ahead and tell kids today that Eddie Fisher was a big star up here,'' said
Tania Grossinger, a travel writer whose family once ran the legendary hotel of
the same name. ''They wouldn't know what you're talking about. Face it: that
world is dead.''

It's hard to disagree, given the region's shabby appearance. Scores of old
hotels have been abandoned, and decaying cottages are overrun with weeds;
rusting signs and faded billboards dot the roads like tombstones. Yet for some
longtime visitors, Schneider's comments about memorabilia, however
well-intentioned, seem to smack of condescension.

''This was a special area that had a profound impact, not just on Jews but on
American culture,'' said Michael Fein, a former Borscht Belt singer who gathered
this month along with 300 others for the sixth annual Catskills Institute
Conference at Kutsher's Country Club resort. ''I can't believe this is how it
ends - in a little shop that sells trinkets.''

Others say change is positive and should be celebrated. The new Concord,
Schneider points out, will provide thousands of badly needed jobs in Sullivan
County. It's inconceivable that such a beautiful area has languished, she adds,
noting that her company, run by developer Louis Capelli, also plans to reopen
Grossingers as a luxury hotel.

''I love talking about the past, but the future of this region is wrapped up in
gambling,'' said Mark Kutsher, whose family-run hotel opened in 1907. He
recently signed a deal with Park Place Entertainment, America's largest gaming
corporation, to open the Catskills' first casino in tandem with New York's St.
Regis Mohawk Indian band.

For years, there was no real future for the Borscht Belt, just a glorious past
and a sad, inexorable decline.

Jewish immigrants in New York City began transforming the area into a resort
mecca around the turn of the century, when they took up farming and opened
boarding houses for friends and family members who were eager to escape the city
during hot summer months. Gradually, a tourist economy took hold, and by the
1950s there were more than 500 hotels, bungalow colonies and other settlements.

''You had a powerful sense of community up here,'' said Phil Brown, a history
professor at Brown University and founder of the Catskills Institute. ''Whole
neighbourhoods would come up here to the same hotel, year after year, and you
would have dinner with the same people every summer. There was a sense of
belonging to a place.''

The bonds began loosening, however, after World War II. Inexpensive airline
travel made it possible to explore the world, and air-conditioning made it
easier to endure summers in the city.

Soon, signs of decay were everywhere: Hotels lost customers and physically fell
apart. Summer crowds thinned, winter business dried up and famous resorts such
as Grossingers, the Concord and the Granit closed. Although communities of
Orthodox and Hasidic Jews remain here, the secular culture that gave the region
its flavour has vanished.

''It's a completely different situation today,'' said Kutsher, eagerly outlining
plans for a casino and 2,000-room hotel on the banks of Lake Anawana, just 2
miles down the road from the site of the new Concord Hotel.

Since the 1970s, plans to build New York casinos have been routinely blocked by
an array of local groups and Atlantic City interests, including developer Donald
Trump, who did not want competition. In April, however, New York Governor George
Pataki said he would endorse an Indian-run casino in the Catskills, and the U.
S. Bureau of Indian Affairs approved plans to build a gambling facility on the
site of the Monticello Raceway. Under the plan, the Mohawks, who already run a
New York casino near the Canadian border, would operate a site along with local
developers.

Then, in a twist, Arthur Goldberg, chief executive officer for Park Place
Entertainment, announced two weeks later that he had wooed the Mohawks away from
their original business partners and would now work with them to develop a site
at Kutsher's Country Club.

Although there are many competing interests to be sorted out, few disagree that
the Catskills will undergo a major face-lift.

''I don't know if this place will ever feel the same to me or my family,'' said
Edith (''I won't give you my last name, but it rhymes with stone''), at the
Catskills conference. ''They've got big plans, and I think I'll be left with a
lot of memories. Very sweet, but also very sad memories.''

As changes loom, some people are scavenging the area, prospecting abandoned
hotels like they were sunken ships.  On a recent weekend, Alec and Marcia
Glickman made their way past security into Grossingers.

''We found some old hotel ledgers and a room full of phones,'' Alec reported.
''We love to visit these places.''

Meanwhile, the nonprofit Catskills Institute preserves what it can. Brown and
others lecture on the area's history; they are expanding their Web site and
collecting memorabilia - everything from postcards and menus to road signs and
hotel furniture - for storage at the Jewish Historical Society in New York.

''I'd like to open a real Catskills Museum up here,'' said Brown, describing a
plan to buy an old hotel, spruce it up, install video programs and bring in
lecturers to show the world what it felt like to summer in the old Borscht Belt.

''What I need to find is some kid who worked as a busboy or waiter in one of
these hotels and struck it rich in Hollywood or high-tech. Someone who remembers
and could make this all financially possible. That way, we could find a way to
blend the old world with the new.''

- The Catskills Institute's Web site is
http://www.brown.edu/Research/Cat-skills_Institute/.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Gino Domenico, Los Angeles Times / A waitress returns empty
water containers to her work station in the dining room at Kutsher's Country
Club in the Catskills at Monticello, N.Y. There are plans to establish an
Indian-run casino in the area.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 14, 1997, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

CONCERT REVIEW;
Thamyris;
At Georgia State University;
Recital Hall, Sunday night;
The verdict: Groping for meaning at the end of the millennium.;
Avant-garde Thamyris recalls beatnik coffeehouse

BYLINE: Jerry Schwartz; FOR THE JOURNAL-CONSTITUTION

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 09D

LENGTH: 317 words


There was something sweetly goofy about the 20-minute, preposterously fastidious
stage setup required Sunday night for Lawrence Sherr's "One (plus)" ---a work
that requires only half that amount of time to perform. It was one of eight
pieces presented by contemporary music ensemble Thamyris in their season-opening
concert at the Georgia State University Recital Hall.

All the pieces except one were written since 1986, but there was something
anachronistic about the evening, like being sucked into a time warp and spit out
into a 1950s beatnik coffeehouse, a kind of bottomless pit for the aggressively
disaffected.

With program notes such as "The work is an expression of fear and disgust,"
there's no doubt about the rather simplistic source of inspiration for most of
these eight works.

For that reason, it would be easy to marginalize Thamyris as merely the Atlanta
representative of the totally irrelevant avant-garde. Easy and wrong.

To dismiss Thamyris, and its sincere performances, would result in missing the
virtuosic and completely committed clarinet and saxophone performances of Ted
Gurch. Losing Thamyris would cost Atlanta a chance to watch mixed-media
performances that are consistently interesting and sometimes arresting.

A fair amount of classical music composed in the 1960s and '70s was militantly
divorced from human thought and emotion. Some of it was so totally impenetrable
as to display a hostile disregard for its meager audience.

More recently, composers seem to be groping their way back toward meaning with
works that make an attempt, at least, to connect with some breathing
constituency. It's still a modest attempt: There appeared to be little effort on
the part of most of these composers to offer anything profound. Rather, like a
mountain climber's piton, the works seemed to be just handholds on the slippery
slope of contemporary culture.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 11, 1994, Friday

SHE FACES A STUNNED EDUCATION ESTABLISHMENT Schrenko will have a fight on her
hands

BYLINE: By Jim Wooten

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 18

LENGTH: 552 words


The most consequential surprise by far in Tuesday's state elections is the
selection of Republican Linda Schrenko as state school superientendent.

Schrenko is no empty suit spouting vague generalities. Neither is she a captive
of any interest group or narrow political segment. But be advised: What she'll
encounter over the next several months is an effort by the traditional education
establishment, including its teacher unions, either to co-opt her or, failing
that, to marginalize her.

Her first task should be to hire some philosophically compatible lieutenants.
She'll need them. None of her ideas are out of the mainstream but many of them
are anathema to teachers' unions and to the interest groups that commonly
dominate debate.

She believes, for example, in public school choice. Nothing strange about that.
The president says he does, too. School choice - allowing parents to pick the
public schools their children will attend - is a grass-roots idea that has
gained national support to the point that it is becoming everybody's favorite
education reform.

The education establishment stops there. When forced to consider any broader
kind of choice, they embrace charter schools, still within the public sector,
and write the rules so that charter schools either fail or remain
outside-the-mainstream experiments that are nearly impossible to form.

The tactic is to slow-walk reform. Fight it until you lose. Then embrace the
reform movement's language: choice, accountability, competition. Form
committees. Write the rules so that the power status quo is preserved and
parents, the public and would-be reformers are kept at bay. With time, all anger
subsides, all movements pass.

Schrenko is an enormous threat to the status quo. Parents may come to love her,
but she is an honest-to-goodness threat to current power- holders because she
has an open mind on issues on which their minds are made up - on vouchers for
example.

Initially, she says, "I would like to see the public schools freed to become
more than clones dictated by the state Department of Education."

The decision ultimately about whether public money should go with students to
private schools would be resolved by public debate. "If public schools, when
freed to become autonomous, do not meet the needs of the students of Georgia,
then alternatives would have to be considered."

That is not radical. It's where the public is, though the education
establishment and unions are light years away in the other direction.

The state school superintendent, in any event, is not a policy- making position.
The Legislature, the governor and the state Board of Education all exercise the
real policy-making authority.

At most, what Schrenko will be able to do is to popularize ideas by providing
arguments and a forum for open debate. That, though, is enough to frighten the
bejesus out of people who hold a set of beliefs at odds with hers.

Her election has stunned the establishment. They don't know her and had
dismissed her chances. But soon they'll recover. The next sound you'll hear is
that she's a right-wing extremist out to destroy public education. Listen
skeptically and give her a chance to define herself.

Jim Wooten is the Journal's editorial page editor. His column runs on Wednesday,
Friday and Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943170010

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                            All_but_Toronto Edition

Fossil-fuel divestment debated at elite schools; Campus protests

BYLINE: Michael McDonald, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP12

LENGTH: 485 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


As U.S. universities face growing student pressure to divest fossil-fuel
holdings from their more than US$500 billion in endowments, Cambridge, Mass.,
finds itself at the centre of a great divide.

At Harvard University, students are digging in this week for a blockade of
President Drew Faust's offices, escalating a confrontation over the school's
holdings of oil, gas and coal stocks.

A mile away, Massachusetts Institute of Technology held a debate last week over
divestment. The formal and polite event had the blessing of President Rafael
Reif, who billed it as the fourth campuswide conversation on climate change.

The contrasting atmospheres at the neighbouring schools reflect the approaches
of their leaders and students, as well as a division among U.S. universities.
While MIT's Reif has withheld a decision and engaged with activists, Harvard's
Faust early on dismissed calls to unload investments in the world's largest
energy companies.

"The administration is trying to marginalize the pro-divest voices on campus,"
said Benjamin Franta, a campaign organizer and Harvard graduate student in
applied physics. "Not only have they not reached out to us, Drew Faust has been
in the school newspaper berating the tactics we've used."

Faust has said she embraces the cause of climate change but opposes selling
investments for reasons other than the financial strength of the endowment and
advancing academic goals. Harvard's US$36.4 billion endowment is higher
education's largest.

"Universities like Harvard have a crucial role to play in confronting climate
change, one of the world's most urgent and serious problems," Jeff Neal, a
Harvard spokesman, said in a statement. "Harvard is fully committed to
leadership in this area, through research, education, engagement with key actors
in the energy and policy domains and efforts to reduce its own carbon
footprint."

The divestment movement, modelled after the campus anti-apartheid effort in the
1970s and 1980s, is claiming victories almost three years after it began at U.S.
colleges. Syracuse University, which has a US$1.2-billion endowment, said on
March 31 it will no longer directly invest in fossilfuel companies. Stanford
University said last May it won't buy stock in coal companies.

Still, fewer than 30 universities in the world have formally endorsed the
campaign, which focuses on the publicly traded companies with the largest
reserves of oil, gas and coal, according to 350.org, the New York-based group
behind the movement. Many, including Harvard, Yale and Cornell have explicitly
said no.

Some activists, who began by collecting signatures and organizing campus votes
on divestment, are growing more confrontational. Last week, in New Haven,
Connecticut, Yale campus police cited 19 students for trespassing after a
daylong sit-in at the university's main administrative building. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Belize Supreme Court Issues Landmark Ruling on Rights of LGBT People

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: International Human Rights Organization has issued the following
news release:



 Human Rights First today applauded the overturning of Belize's discriminatory
sodomy law, a development that marks an historic victory for the human rights of
the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community in Belize. The
decision by the country's Supreme Court struck down a law that had been in place
since the country was a British colony; it appears to be the first time a court
has struck down a sodomy law in the Caribbean region. The plaintiff in the case
was Caleb Orozco, Executive Director of United Belize Advocacy Movement
(UNIBAM).





 "We are thrilled for our partners at UNIBAM and the entire LGBT movement in
Belize," said Human Rights First's Shawn Gaylord. "This is the result of years
of activism to advance the human rights of LGBT people and this ruling
represents a key victory for justice and equality. Let us hope that this step
may inspire neighboring Caribbean countries to take action to end the
criminalization that only serves to marginalize groups of citizens who simply
seek equality and respect."



 Sodomy laws often are used to justify marginalization of LGBT communities
throughout the region. Such discriminatory laws foster environments that set the
stage for bias-motivated violence and discrimination. The invalidation of the
law signals a move toward inclusion for LGBT Belizeans. As an ally and partner,
the U.S. government should encourage its counterparts in Belize to uphold the
rights of all its citizens, including members of the LGBT community, and bolster
its work to support civil society and the LGBT movement.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Wisconsin: Center for South Asia Lecture Series

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: Madison


The University of Wisconsin-Madison, The State of Wisconsin has issued the
following news release:


Center for South Asia Lecture Series Devaleena Das, Assistant Professor, English
and Gender Studies, University of Delhi DateThursday, April 16, 2015 TimeNoon
DescriptionIn her paper, Das will argue that the application of red vermilion in
India may be interpreted as the objectification of the female body as both
sexualized and de-sexualized, and that the practice of sindoor is exploited by
epistemic authorities to marginalize unmarried women and widows as the "other."
Das proposes an alternative, "Sindoor Feminism," that reconfigures sindoor as a
new tool that conveys a sense of undermining the sexist implication.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 27, 2012 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1828 words


GREED BECOMES VIRTUE

I don't know why Don Graham (Oct. 11) thinks it is Marxism to expect the wealthy
to pay a little more out of their abundance. Up until the presidency of Ronald
Reagan, the wealthy paid almost 50 percent in income tax. What has changed?
Greed has become a virtue, I think.

BOB CURRY

ENDICOTT, WASH.

THANK YOU, REV. WATKINS

Thank you, Rev. Happy Watkins, for publicly supporting Referendum 74 (Shawn
Vestal column, Oct 6). Many people of faith support gay marriage, as it is our
faith that calls us to love everyone. Those ministers who oppose R-74 are not
required to change their practice because R-74 grants churches immunity, and
also protection against discrimination claims. Without passing R-74, the law
will continue to marginalize a group of our neighbors. Separate is not equal.

JUDY BUTLER

HOPE, IDAHO

OBAMA A STEADY LEADER

I understand people's eagerness to believe that Mitt Romney is the answer to
economic problems in the United States. While this is arguable, especially if
one considers the cost to our lower and middle classes, for me there is no such
argument when it comes to foreign policy.

President Barack Obama has proven himself a thoughtful, measured and, yes,
diplomatic world leader. Contrast his demeanor and actions with those of
President George W. "Mission Accomplished" Bush. He has done as well as
possible, I believe, to wind down the two wars (one of them unnecessary, at
best) he inherited.

At the same time, he has shown a tough side, approving a daring plan to take out
Osama bin Laden, and using a drone attack program that many of the president's
staunchest supporters believe goes too far.

With Romney, I think we would be rolling the dice in a huge way with foreign
policy. Conjuring up memories of President Bush, he has reacted inappropriately
to international incidents and situations thus far, and I would be very nervous
if he was commander in chief. I think you should be nervous too.

JEFF ELLINGSON

LIBERTY LAKE

OBAMA, THE RARE CHICAGO POL

People should have a lot of respect for President Barack Obama because he says
he really cares about common people, and that he would never lie or deceive us
just to get votes. To prove it, he severed ties to the Rev. Jeremiah Wright and
the Acorn group.

He has also said that if it takes forever, his administration will find out what
really happened in Benghazi, Libya, and maybe the "Fast and Furious" thing. He
also has proven what a great and honorable person he is for being one of the
very few Chicago politicians who has never spent time in jail and has never had
an extramarital affair.

Remember, your vote counts.

DAVE DARLOW

SPOKANE

MARXISM CHARGE IS OUTRAGEOUS

I am 69 years old with seven children, 20 grandchildren and three
great-grandsons, mixed races, who are members of the human race on this planet.
I am outraged that Don Graham (Oct. 11) would call the president of the United
States a Marxist.

I am and will be independent in all my actions and thinking.

Our current president stepped into a cesspool on the day he took office. The
opposing party vowed that day to do and say anything to make him a one-term
president. Congress has blocked at every turn any suggestion he has presented.

My spiritual life is precious to me, as I have given up living in the past and
only live and enjoy each day I have my health. I belong to no organized religion
and never will.

I feel the same about politics.

I will never vote for a president or vice president that lets their misguided
religious beliefs interfere with state affairs. No male human will make
decisions concerning my five daughters' or 14 granddaughters' decisions.

I will never vote for a president who has the nerve to have offshore accounts or
a $100 million IRA account. It's incredible to me that anyone would vote for
that legal tax dodger.

ROBERT JOHNSON

SPOKANE

VESTAL'S REASONING IS ODD

Shawn Vestal plays the blame game in his column regarding the dismissal of
charges against Evergreen Towing (Oct. 7). First, Vestal correctly admits that
media coverage reinforced a perception of guilt, but then goes on to blame
Evergreen because they did not speak up. It was my understanding that reporters
were supposed to seek the truth by being unbiased and presenting both sides of
the story.

Next, Vestal blames the property owners for not taking steps to keep trespassers
out. According to this line of reasoning, you must erect barriers on your
private property or you will be considered "petty" and "mean-spirited."

The lesson is clear: You are responsible for other people's actions that you
have no control over.

TONY CARUSO

SPOKANE

WOMEN, THINK AND VOTE

Women: Think about it.

What if we were not allowed to vote? It hasn't been that long. What if we could
not make decisions about our reproductive life? What if we were mostly slaves to
the more powerful? Think about it and notice which candidates are taking
supportive stands and which ones are shiny flimflam men or women.

We have been used and abused for centuries. Life for women has greatly improved
in the last 100 years. There is no guarantee. We are smart and have good hearts.
Think about who and what you are voting for. And vote. We are the majority.

MARILYN TRAIL

WORLEY, IDAHO

ROMNEY CAREFULLY CALIBRATES

It has just occurred to me: If Mitt Romney is elected, everybody should be
happy. Those who voted for him will be pleased, of course. And those who did not
should think, "At last, public opinion and the wishes of the majority will
finally carry the day. The social media will speak to him, and he will obey."

I have no idea what Romney really thinks, but I know what he says. His words are
carefully tuned to his audience of the moment as he says what he thinks they
want to hear. He can try to tell us that black and white are interchangeable,
but the public's malarkey detector is strong and getting stronger, through
practice, I'm afraid.

People are not going to be happy with being made the givers, or victims, while
he caters to his takers, the beneficiaries of his policy of the moment.

Wishy-washy Romney! He'll get on-the-job training, for sure, if he is
unfortunate enough to win.

ANN ECHEGOYEN

SPOKANE

SO RIGHT THEY'RE WRONG

I can assure Spokane County Sheriff Ozzie Knezovich that the FEMA political
prisoner concentration camps that state Rep. Matt Shea is so concerned about up
our way don't exist. Their construction, however, would greatly assist many
unemployed people in our area to provide food, clothing and shelter for
themselves and their families.

On a serious note,Erma Bombeck wrote a book titled "The Grass Is Always Greener
Over The Septic Tank," and former Spokane County Commissioner Kate McCaslin, who
is going to hold her nose when she votes for Matt Shea, might appreciate reading
a copy.

In Stevens County, we have moderate, far-right and ultra-right Republicans. Shea
has endorsed Wes McCart, of Springdale, and Steve Parker, of Northport, for
Stevens County commissioner. Both are ultra-right candidates, and they remind me
of the bold yet truthful statement that you can be so far right you are wrong.

JAMES GORDON PERKINS

COLVILLE

LOOK THROUGH PROPAGANDA

I recently watched a political ad on TV about a man from an Eastern European
country that he said socialism had ruined, and that we were headed in the same
direction. Let's check the facts.

The fat cats on Wall Street - lobbyists, special interest groups and the
military-industrial complex that are now in control of our government - will
never allow this country to become socialist because they would lose their
wealth and power. This political ad reeks of Karl Rove and the Republican
propaganda machine.

I can only guess what they will come up with next. Maybe they will dig up Sen.
Joe McCarthy and have him tell us that there are Communists hiding under our
beds waiting to take over the country.

Propaganda only works if the people are gullible enough to believe it. The
people of Germany in the 1930s and early 1940s were duped by government
propaganda, and their country was reduced to rubble.

Please don't let that happen to our country. Look through the smoke and mirrors
for the truth.

RICK JOHNSON

SPOKANE

SUPPORT TENSFELD

We support Bill Tensfeld for Whitman County commissioner. We have known Bill for
over 25 years and believe that he will be a hardworking, open-minded and
dedicated leader for our community. Bill has the experience and common sense to
work with the public to better our community. We hope you agree and vote for
Bill Tensfeld for county commissioner.

GARY AND TRUDY LIBEY

COLFAX

IDAHO PROTECTS VOTES

I thank God and the Idaho Legislature for making sure that votes cast in this
state are valid. People throughout our United States are required to present
valid identification for many transactions on a daily basis, and most don't
think a thing about it. Surely, presenting proper identification at the polling
place is as routine as acquiring a library card or receiving a prescription at
the drugstore. Voter identification is only necessary once or twice a year.

There was rampant voter fraud alleged in several locations in this country,
including Seattle and Florida, in the last major elections.

To state that identification requirement at the voting place is a hardship is
ludicrous in the extreme.

It is a privilege and a duty to vote in the country. Making sure that a vote is
valid is essential to our continued liberty.

Those in this country who would allow voting to anyone appearing at a voting
place are inviting fraud and deception. Obviously, voter disenfranchisement is
to be avoided, but to allow illegal votes is to cheat the legitimate citizens
who vote.

RALPH KLEIN

SANDPOINT

WOLF KILLING IS OVERREACTION

The Washington Department of Fish & Wildlife is looking after cattle in the
woods instead of deer, elk and wolves? Our first wolf pack was shot by
wolf-hating ranchers. Now, our own department is killing wolves for ranchers.
They say the killing of the Wedge Pack lays a foundation for the future. This
future is more of the same. Director Phil Anderson said that next time he plans
to start lethal management sooner.

Where is the information on nonlethal management for ranchers? On the Internet,
the department has little. The Stevens County Cattlemen's Association pages
offer not a word; they advocate delisting wolves so they can manage (read kill)
them.

How can this possibly work long term? Department sharpshooters were out there
for weeks trying to kill a pack that had a wolf with a tracking collar, finally
resorting to a helicopter sharpshooter to kill them off.

Here is a challenge to the department and our ranchers. Instead of going for the
gun cabinet, let's do some creative thinking and show people in our neighboring
states how to live and ranch with wolves around. It will be less expensive in
terms of money and result in less bad publicity for Washington.

STEVE BENTJEN

PULLMAN

TYPE: Letters

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                January 7, 2011

Lawmaker Plans Controversial Hearings on Islamic Threat

SECTION: News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2370 words


New York Rep. Peter King has long railed against a wall  of political
correctness blocking out his warnings about  the mass threat he sees coming from
the mosques of  America. Now, as incoming chairman of the House Committee  on
Homeland Security, the Long Island Republican  is poised to do something about
this.

King, who has vowed to make hearings on this perceived  threat his first order
of business as chairman, promises  to do all I can [to] drive the public debate
on Islamic  radicalization. But some question whether a former  supporter of the
Irish Republican Army, which targeted  civilians with its bombs, is the right
person for this job.

For Muslim American groups, King's hearings promise a  new challenge following
hard on months of often vitriolic  national debate over the Park51 Islamic
cultural center  project near Ground Zero in Manhattan and over efforts  to
block mosques going up elsewhere around the country.

When a hearing is designed to target a religious minority  and is headed by a
person with a history of anti-Muslim  bigotry, that's when we start to worry,
said Ibrahim  Hooper, spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic  Relations.
He called the planned hearings a show  trial of the Muslim community. Hooper
said that his  organization's main concern is with King's record of  biased
statements regarding Muslim Americans. These  hearings will inevitably serve to
marginalize American

Muslims, he added.

But should he choose, King can  enlist none other than Attorney  General Eric
Holder in support  of his contention that the nation  faces an increased threat
from  domestic Islamic terrorism. In  a recent ABC News interview,  Holder said
that law enforcement  has shifted from focusing  on foreign terrorists to
worrying  about people in the United  States, American citizens   raised here,
born here, and  who for whatever reason, have  decided that they are going to
become radicalized and take up  arms against the nation in which  they were
born.

It is King's prescriptions for  addressing this trend that cause  controversy.
The hearings, still in  their formative stage, are likely  to be shaped by
King's view of  Muslims as a community to be  intensively monitored and
systematically  infiltrated. That is  at odds with other views, held  by some in
law enforcement  and counter-terrorism, who see  American Muslims quite
differently:  as willing partners, if  sensitively cultivated and understood  as
individuals who want to  stop terrorism  but who bristle  at being targeted as a
community  and pressured to spy on their  own congregations.

You can't do anything without  good informants, and they are  starting to dry
up, warned Vincent  Cannistraro, former chief of  operations at the CIA's
Counterterrorism  Center in the 1990s. In  an interview with the Forward,
Cannistraro said that King's hearings  could accelerate a process of  alienating
the Muslim community  from the American mainstream  that he thinks some in  law
enforcement are already  abetting.

Oliver Buck Revell, former  associate deputy director of the  FBI, holds the
opposite view. Like  King, he believes that clerics in  American mosques preach
radical  views and that King's hearings  can help shake up a system  that so far
has refused to take on  the issue. I [hope] he can convince  [Homeland Security
Secretary  Janet] Napolitano and others  in the government that it is time  to
call a spade a spade, Revell  said. It's time to put an end to  the fairy tale
that [terrorism] has  nothing to do with Islam.

Matthew Levitt, an expert on  terrorism with the Washington  Institute for Near
East Policy,  said the key in these hearing is  to have it done right. The
correct  approach for dealing with  extremism among American  Muslims must be
two-pronged,  he said: addressing genuine  grievances of discrimination,
profiling and hate, and contesting  the radical ideology.

King, a 66-year-old, nine-term  member of Congress, known for  his independence
and occasional  pugnacity, strikes some critics  as a dubious figure to be
leading  this charge, given his past invovlement  with the IRA. From the  early
1980s up until 9/11, King,  whose family hails from Limerick  and Galway in
Ireland, was  an ardent supporter of the U. S.-designated terrorist group.

The son of a New York City  police officer, King forged his  links with the
Irish Republican  Army and its political wing, Sinn  Fein, during a 1980 trip to
Northern  Ireland, according to a June  2005 article in the New York  Sun. On
his return, he hooked  up with the Irish Northern Aid  Committee, known as
Noraid,  a New York-based organization  that the American, British and  Irish
governments often accused  of funneling guns and money to  the IRA.

We must pledge ourselves to  support those brave men and  women who this very
moment  are carrying forth the struggle  against British imperialism in the
streets of Belfast and Derry, he  told a pro-IRA rally in Nassau  County in
1982. King refused  to denounce the IRA when one  of its mortar bombs killed
nine  Northern Irish police officers.  But since President Clinton's  brokering
with King's assistance   of the so-called Good  Friday Agreement in 1998, ending
the conflict in Northern Ireland,  King has distanced himself  from a rump IRA
faction that has  committed violence in an effort  to topple it.

King's representative did not  respond to several requests from  the Forward for
comment.

King's determination to showcase  his concerns regarding  Muslim Americans
promises to  bolster one faction in what is an  urgent and deep divide among
advocacy groups, law enforcement  authorities and counter-terrorism  experts.

According to data compiled by  the Muslim Public Affairs Council,  one-third of
terror plots in  the United States linked to al-Qaeda or its affiliates since
9/11  were foiled thanks to cooperation  from members of the Muslim  community.
Alejandro Beutel,  the group's government and  policy analyst, said that these
numbers were derived from  government records and press  reports tracked by the
Congressional  Research Service and the  Heritage Foundation.

The number clearly shows  that there is cooperation with  law enforcement
agencies, Beutel  said, terming King's claims  grossly inaccurate.

But King, and some advocates  and experts on whom he  relies, look to a
different Muslim  source. In January 1999,  Sheik Hisham Kabbani, founder  and
chairman of the Islamic  Supreme Council of America,  said at a State Department
event  that the ideology of extremism  has been spread to 80% of the  American
Muslim population.  He claimed that Muslim leaders  were sending charitable
dona-to  tions from their congregations  to terrorist organizations in the
Middle East. Kabbani later qualified  his statement, explaining  that the
majority of American  Muslims were moderate, but that  extremists had gained
leadership  positions at 80% of the country's  mosques.

Kabbani did not respond to an  e-mail seeking his source for this  statistic.

Today, King holds to this statistic  adamantly  and hints  at likely candidates
to appear  as witnesses at his hearings to  back it. I can get you the
documentation  on that from experts  in the field, he told Sean Hannity  on Fox
News last February.  Talk to a Steve Emerson, talk

a [Daniel] Pipes, talk to any  of those. They will tell you. It's  a real issue
. I'll stand by that  number of 85%. This is an enemy  living amongst us.

Such statements give a hint of  what to expect from his committee  hearings,
though a date and  witness list have yet to be published.  Emerson, founder and
executive director of the Investigative  Project on Terrorism  Foundation, has
long warned  that many mainstream Muslim  organizations, such as the Islamic
Society of North America, have  documented ties to the Muslim  Brotherhood, a
Middle Eastbased  group that seeks political  rule for Islam and Islamic  law.
He rejects MPAC's database  documenting Muslim assistance  in terror cases as
flawed and  selective.

He points, too, to a 1991 Muslim  Brotherhood document discovered  by federal
investigators  during a domestic terrorism case,  in which the group defines its
mission in the United States as  a kind of grand jihad in eliminating  and
destroying the Western  civilization from within and  sabotaging its miserable
house   so that it is eliminated and God's  religion is made victorious over
all other religions.

It is unclear how much of this  relates to the masses of rank-and-file American
Muslims. An  authoritative 2007 poll by the  Pew Research Center found that  a
large majority of America's  estimated 2.35 million Muslims  were highly
assimilated, with  strongly positive views of American  society. Among the
poll's  other findings:

Thirty-six percent were very  concerned about the rise of  domestic Islamic
extremism, and  another 25% were somewhat  concerned, for a total of 61%
worried about domestic Muslim  extremism.

Just 1% said that suicide  bombings against civilian targets  were often
justified to defend  Islam. Seven percent said they  sometimes were. Among those
born in Arab countries, a combined  12% said they were often  or sometimes
justified.

Fifty-eight percent said their  view of Al Qaeda was very  unfavorable; 10% said
somewhat  unfavorable; Only 5%  termed their view favorable.  But 27% didn't
know or declined  to answer.

There is widespread denial  among American Muslims that  groups of Arabs were
responsible  for the 9/11 attacks. Just four  out of 10 said that Arabs
engineered  the attacks. About one-third  expressed no opinion as to  who was
behind them. Twentyeight  percent flatly disbelieved  that Arabs conducted the
attacks.

King summed up his own  views about Muslim attitudes in  an interview with the
Washington  publication Politico, also in  2007. Unfortunately, we have  too
many mosques in this country,  he said. There's too many  people who are
sympathetic  to radical Islam. We should  be looking at them more carefully.  We
should be finding out  how we can infiltrate. We should  be more aggressive with
law  enforcement.

Today, King can point to a  recent spate of homegrown episodes  involving
Muslims as evidence  that the threat from abroad  is emerging at home. These
include:

The murder in November  2009 of 13 soldiers at Fort Hood,  Texas. Dr. Nidal
Malik Hasan, a  U. S. Army major, is charged in  the slayings, and faces court
martial.

American-born convert  Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad's  June 2009 shooting attack
on a Little Rock, Ark., military  recruiting station, leaving one  dead and
another seriously  injured.

An attempt, allegedly by  Mohamed Osman Mohamud, a  19-year-old naturalized
citizen  from Somalia, to explode a bomb  in the midst of a giant Christmas
tree lighting event in Portland,  Ore., the day after Thanksgiving.

A May 2009 attempt by four  African-American converts to  Islam to explode bombs
outside  two synagogues in the Riverdale  section of the Bronx.

But critics point out problems  with linking these cases to allegedly
radicalized mosques and  religious leaders here. In the case  of Hasan and
Muhammad, federal  investigators say the alleged  perpetrators' radical links
were  with Muslims abroad, not with  anyone in the United States. And  the
Riverdale and Portland, Ore.,  cases, the critics note, involved  federal
informants who proposed  and helped the men involved  implement what were
actually  government-staged stings.  Defense lawyers in the Riverdale  case and
in some others have  charged that federal informants  infiltrated mosques, as
King  advocates, to engage in entrapment   enticing individuals into  plots they
otherwise would not  have hatched. But so far, no jury  has accepted this
defense.

King himself has focused on  the case of Najibullah Zazi in  explaining the need
for congressional  hearings. Zazi was arrested  in 2009 and charged with
plotting to plant bombs on the  New York City subway system.  As evidence of the
danger posed  by Muslim clerics, King pointed  to an imam from Queens as the
one who tipped off Zazi.

But what this case in fact demonstrates  is the delicate nature  of cooperation
between law  enforcement and local Muslim  leaders.

The imam informant that King  cites, Ahmad Wais Afzali, was  an informant who
had cooperated  without pay with law enforcement  prior to that case because,
he told The New York Times, he  was upset after the 9/11 attacks.  Asked in
September 2009 to identify  photos of several suspects  being urgently tracked
by the  New York City Police Department's  counter-terrorism unit,  Afzali named
Zazi and two others  as former students whom he  had not seen for years. The
police  believed that the young men  were plotting a bomb attack, and  therefore
asked Afzali to find out  what they were up to, but did  not tell him why they
sought this  information or how to obtain it.

When he called Zazi, the imam  essentially warned him that he  was under
surveillance and   failing to grasp the significance  of what he had stumbled
onto   urged him sternly to stay out of  trouble. He contacted one of the  other
men, whom he also told of  the police visit, and was told the  three friends had
recently been in  Pakistan to see about a possible  wedding arrangement between
the man and Zazi's cousin.

Afzali kept his police contacts  updated regularly on the information  he was
getting. But in  two separate interrogations, he  subsequently lied to FBI
agents  about having tipped off Zazi,  who ultimately pleaded guilty  to
organizing the plot.

In a plea bargain to avoid prison,  Afzali, who came to Queens  as a young boy
with his Afghan  parents, agreed to be deported  back to his native country.  At
the sentencing hearing, even

the prosecutor conceded that the  defendant was almost certainly  unaware of the
seriousness  of his conduct.

I'm standing in front of you as  a convicted felon, a lying imam,  which is a
physical, emotional  and spiritual burden far greater  than any sentence you
could  impose, Afzali told Judge Frederic  Block at the brief sentencing
hearing.

Honest to God, he added, it  was never my intention to help  those idiots for
what they do in  the name of Islam.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Inquisitor:Peter King, GOP congressman from LongIsland, once
backed a different kind of terror group.; GETTY IMAGES
IMAGE: Terror Expert:Oliver'Buck' Revell, formerlyof the FBI, supportsKing's
hearings.; ap photo
IMAGE: Bully Pulpit:Rep. Peter King, incoming chair of the HouseHomeland
Security Committee, has promised to 'drive the publicdebate' on on radical Islam
in America.; ap photo
IMAGE: courtesyOpposed:CAIR spokesmanIbrahim Hooper predicts thehearings will be
a 'show trial'of American Muslims.; of Ibrahim Hooper
IMAGE: Imam:Ahmad Wais Afzali,an imam, was deported afterlying to the FBI.;
reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Kentucky: Capilouto Forms Committee to Recommend Long-term Mural Resolution

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: University of Kentucky has issued the following news release:



 University of Kentucky President Eli Capilouto has formed a broad-based
committee to recommend a long-term resolution for a mural in UK's Memorial Hall
that has sparked dialogue across the campus.









 The Mural Committee is co-chaired by Melynda Price, a professor of law and
director of the African American and Africana Studies Program at UK, and Terry
Allen, interim vice president for institutional diversity.







 "I have asked these dedicated members of our campus and broader community to
move expeditiously, but thoughtfully, in recommending a long-term step with
respect to the mural," Capilouto said. "Our campus has benefited greatly from
the discussion fostered by the mural, its history and its meaning. Now, it is
time to place it in a more historically accurate and complete context. It is an
important work for our campus and our Commonwealth. But it can no longer be
displayed in a context that is incomplete or one that unintentionally
marginalizes members of our community.







 To move forward, we have established a committee with varied backgrounds and
areas of expertise that I know will deliberate and discuss this important issue
in a thoughtful and comprehensive manner and arrive at recommendations that
reflect our evolution and progress as a campus, even as we recognize that we
have much work to do on many fronts."







 Other appointees to the committee, which may add additional members, are:



     Rashad Bigham, student

     Terry Birdwhistell, dean of UK Libraries

     Jim Clark, director of the Henry Clay Memorial Foundation, former executive
director of the Public Art Fund in New York City and former president and CEO of
LexArts.

     Anastasia Curwood, assistant professor of history at UK

     Jacqueline Hamilton, director of UK HealthCare's Arts in HealthCare program


     Nicole Jenkins, associate professor of accounting in the UK Gatton College
of Business and Economics

     Allan Richards, associate professor in the School of Art and Visual Studies
at UK

     Arturo Sandoval, professor in the School of Art and Visual Studies at UK

     Richard Schein, professor and chair of the Department of Geography at UK



 "This issue has provoked a necessary dialogue on our campus," Price said.
"Hopefully, the committee's long term suggestions for solutions will more
sensitively recognize the multiple meanings and reactions that this piece
provokes in so many on our campus and beyond it."







 "We have a committee with a deep and abiding interest and expertise in art,
history, diversity and most of all the well-being of this community," Allen
said. "We hope to use this discussion and process to arrive at recommendations
that promote healing, reconciliation and continued dialogue about how we become
the campus community we want to be for everyone who comes here."







 As part of the process of dialogue, an email address -- mural@uky.edu -- has
been established for the committee to take feedback about the issue from the
campus and broader community. Allen said a precise timeframe for the committee's
work has not been established, except that the members know their charge is to
move as quickly as possible.







 The committee met for the first time last week to get organized and to begin
discussing a plan of action for moving forward. Allen and Price, in addition to
serving as co-chairs, will act as spokespeople for the committee.







 The mural was completed in the 1930s by the artist and UK alumna Ann Rice
O'Hanlon. A depression-era Public Works of Art project, the mural depicts scenes
from Lexington and Kentucky's history. The fresco is considered by some
observers to be one of the most important works of art in the Commonwealth.







 At the same time, over the years it has been a point of controversy as many
have objected to its sanitized depiction of the lives of African Americans and
Native Americans in the state during the 1800s.







 As part of a larger set of initiatives around the issues of diversity and
inclusion, Capilouto last semester pledged to students as well as faculty and
staff to examine the mural's future. A temporary shroud was placed over the
mural last semester while the university continued to discuss the issues
surrounding the work.







 Capilouto has said that the piece will continue to be displayed but the
question is how and in what context going forward.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 7, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Judge Strikes Down Rule Limiting City Hall Protests

BYLINE: By JOHN SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1054 words


A federal judge in Manhattan yesterday struck down a city regulation governing
the number of protesters allowed on the steps of City Hall, ruling that the city
had unfairly restricted access to a favored spot for everything from
demonstrations to news conferences.

The struggle over the City Hall steps has become one of the symbolic battles of
the Giuliani administration, with the mayor arguing that increased security is
needed and opponents claiming that they have been barred from the city's
quintessential public space.

Demonstrating the importance that the spot holds for public debate in the city,
both sides reacted to the decision by taking to the steps for rival news
conferences. Officials of the New York Civil Liberties Union celebrated their
victory, while city lawyers vowed to appeal the decision.

In yesterday's ruling, his third regarding protests in front of City Hall, Judge
Harold Baer Jr. of Federal District Court in Manhattan focused on decisions by
the city to allow certain gatherings, like a Yankees' victory celebration, while
denying others. The regulation allowed city officials to practice
"discrimination in deciding which ideas it will celebrate and which it may
marginalize, circumscribe, and restrict," he wrote.

The city regulation required groups to obtain permits before assembling in front
of City Hall and limits the number of participants to 50 on the building steps
and 150 in the front plaza. City officials said the rules were not used to bar
any groups from appearances, but were a reflection of valid security concerns.

Michael Hess, the city's corporation counsel, said the rules were written to
"allow people in an evenhanded way to exercise their rights of free speech on
the steps of City Hall and balance that off with our obligations and our
responsibility to ensure the safety of people who work at City Hall."

Opponents of the administration said the security concerns were being used as an
excuse to limit access to the steps.

Officials at Housing Works, the AIDS services organization that sued the city
over the restrictions, said city officials imposed the limits before they ever
raised security concerns.

"The mayor wanted to make it difficult for people to get exposure for publicly
criticizing his administration," said Charles King, co-executive director of
Housing Works, which was represented by the New York Civil Liberties Union.

Judge Baer's ruling, which took effect immediately, is the most recent in a
series of free-speech battles involving the Giuliani administration. Last week,
the number of cases prompted an appellate judge to complain that the city's
"relentless onslaught of First Amendment litigation" threatened to burden the
court with duties that belong to the city.

Judge Baer found in his decision that the city could take reasonable measures to
ensure the security of City Hall -- such as the use of magnetic detectors at the
entrance to City Hall plaza -- without imposing the restrictions found in the
regulation. The judge acknowledged that the city had the right to regulate the
timing, manner and location of demonstrations or news conferences near City
Hall. But, quoting judicial precedents, he wrote, "The government has no power
to restrict such activity because of its message."

Although city officials had vehemently argued that the regulation, issued
earlier this year, did not make judgments about any group's political
background, Judge Baer found that the regulation opened the door to such
restrictions.

Under the city's regulation, certain events were exempt from restrictions on
City Hall gatherings. Those events were typically either sponsored by the city,
such as police awards ceremonies, or traditional City Hall celebrations, from
ticker tape parades to the Yankees' victory rally. But Judge Baer found that
there was no clear rule on what the city considered an event "traditionally
sponsored by the City of New York."

Therefore, he wrote, the city could choose to exempt certain organizations from
the regulation while forcing other groups to comply.

The lawsuit was filed in 1998 after city officials refused to allow Housing
Works, an AIDS service organization, to hold a large press conference on the
steps.

Since then, Judge Baer has issued two preliminary orders involving the number of
participants allowed at Housing Works news conferences. The city appealed one of
the orders, which a federal appeals court modified but let stand.

In his decision yesterday, Judge Baer compared the 1999 Yankees' World Series
victory celebration to Housing Works' planned World AIDS Day event.

"The city has decided that only certain events deserve commemoration, and thus
any World AIDS Day event would presumably be limited to 50 people on the steps
of City Hall," he wrote. "It is hard for this court to imagine that a
celebration of the Yankees' victory is inherently a governmental activity and
worthy of City Hall sponsorship while the commemoration of World AIDS Day is
relegated to an event with no more than 50 or 150 participants."

But lawyers for the city said Judge Baer had misinterpreted the definition of
traditional activities.

"Traditional is not just a word -- it has either happened before on the steps of
City Hall or it hasn't," said Daniel S. Connolly, a lawyer for the city. "It is
not like we can say a pro-Giuliani rally is all-of-a-sudden a traditional event
on the steps of City Hall."

The Giuliani administration has long criticized Judge Baer's decisions. Mr. Hess
said yesterday that the judge has "a long history of deciding cases against the
city." In 1996, the mayor sharply criticized a decision in which the judge
suppressed evidence, including 80 pounds of cocaine that had been seized in a
drug case, and criticized the police officers involved in the arrest.

Yesterday's decision was hailed by a number of city officials who have opposed
the mayor's decision to limit access to the City Hall steps.

City Council Speaker Peter Vallone, who has prepared legislation that would
remove barriers to the building, issued a statement that the decision was a
reminder that "the steps and the plaza belong to the people."

C. Virginia Fields, the Manhattan borough president, said, "I hope the mayor
will accept this decision and act upon it in good faith."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 11, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

As N.A.A.C.P. Seeks a New Leader, The Talk Is of Jesse Jackson's Fitness

BYLINE: By NEIL A. LEWIS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 10


As the N.A.A.C.P., searches for a new executive director, a single question is
occupying many of its members: Would the Rev. Jesse Jackson be a good fit for
the nation's oldest and largest civil rights organization?

To be sure, Mr. Jackson is only one of a handful of candidates to succeed the
Rev. Benjamin L. Hooks, who is stepping down at the end of this month after
heading the organization for 15 years.

But Mr. Jackson's candidacy has dominated the discussions in local chapters and
among high officials of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People.

Described as Eager

Mr. Jackson will say publicly only that he has had some discussions about the
job, but others say he is running hard for it. At an awards dinner at the end of
January in Pasadena, Calif., Mr. Jackson made a point of pressing his candidacy
with the two dozen board members who attended the dinner, one said.

Mr. Jackson declined to be interviewed, but friends said he viewed the position
as one that would provide a platform to solidify a national leadership role. "It
would also make it more difficult to marginalize him," said one associate who
spoke only on the condition of anonymity. Friends described Mr. Jackson, who has
twice sought the Democratic Presidential nomination, as eager for a position of
greater visibility.

Mr. Jackson was largely bypassed during the last Presidential campaign by Bill
Clinton, who relied more heavily on other prominent black figures for advice and
support.

Mr. Jackson holds the position of shadow senator for the District of Columbia, a
largely undefined role that provides a nonvoting presence in the Senate and is
supposed to help the nation's capital win statehood.

Roger Wilkins, a political science professor at George Mason University, whose
uncle Roy Wilkins served as the N.A.A.C.P. executive director from 1955 to 1977,
said he thought Mr. Jackson would be a splendid choice to succeed Mr. Hooks.

'Formidable Assets'

"He's an outstanding citizen who brings a leadership potential virtually
unmatched in the country," Mr. Wilkins said. "He would bring formidable assets
to any enterprise and would certainly help revitalize this organization."

But it is unclear to many others whether Mr. Jackson would be a good fit with
the organization, which has always operated as a cautious deliberate body. Even
some of his supporters acknowledge that his charge-ahead, highly personal style
might have have to be trimmed to conform to the group's ways.

Michael Meyers of New York, a former assistant director of the N.A.A.C.P. under
Mr. Hooks and Mr. Wilkins, said he believed that Mr. Jackson, while a formidable
speechmaker, lacked the patience and the skills to run a large national
organization effectively.

'Cult of Personality' Feared

Mr. Jackson for years headed Operation Push, a civil rights advocacy group in
Chicago that was on a much smaller scale and was occasionally beset by financial
difficulties.

Mr. Meyers also said he was worried that Mr. Jackson would bring the
organization a "cult of personality" that he said was antithetical to what the
N.A.A.C.P. stood for.

The news of Mr. Jackson's candidacy has touched off a flood of letters and
telephone calls to the organization's Baltimore headquarters, said several staff
aides, the majority of whom were opposed to his selection.

The search for a new executive director is being conducted by a committee that
has interviewed several candidates and will eventually forward one or more names
to the association's 64-member board.

Others Being Considered

The other candidates for the $135,000-a-year post include Delano E. Lewis, the
president of the Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company in Washington;
Benjamin F. Chavis Jr., an official with the United Church of Christ who was
involved in desegregating the South; Joseph Madison, a board member who has a
radio talk show in Washington; Earl T. Shinhoster, a regional administrator for
the association based in Atlanta, and Jewell Jackson McCabe, the founder of the
National Coalition of 100 Black Women in New York.

Laura D. Blackburne, the former chairwoman of the New York City housing
authority and a member of the search committee, said the committee hoped to
forward one or two names to the board within 30 days. Mr. Hooks, she said, has
said he will stay on for a short period until his successor his chosen.


LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Rev. Jesse Jackson, who is under consideration for executive
director of the N.A.A.C.P. (Doug Wilson)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Thousands Join Earth2Trump, Pledging Resistance to Incoming Administration

LENGTH: 406  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Arizona Center for Biological Diversity has issued the following news
release:
 More than 2,500 people attended the first nine Earth2Trump events as part of a
16-city, cross-country tour building resistance to President-elect Trump. The
tour, which began Jan. 2, has hosted shows in Seattle, Portland, Oakland, Los
Angeles, Tucson, Reno, Salt Lake City, Houston and Silver City, N.M. The next
stops are tonight in Denver, Friday in Omaha and Saturday in St. Petersburg,
Fla.





 The Center for Biological Diversity is organizing the tour in coordination with
allied local groups to build a national network of resistance against
President-elect Trump's attacks on the environment and civil rights.



 "Every show on the tour has been at capacity, with lines streaming out the
door," said Kierán Suckling, the Center's executive director. "People are fired
up and ready to resist Trump at every turn. This is a growing national movement
standing up for democracy, civil rights, wildlife and equality. We'll be there
every day to oppose policies that hurt wildlife, poison our air and water,
destroy our climate, promote racism, misogyny or homophobia, or marginalize
entire segments of our society."



 The free shows include live music, national and local speakers, a pledge of
resistance, and a chance for participants to write personalized #Earth2Trump
messages to be taken to the presidential inauguration on Jan. 20. Those messages
are being posted online and placed inside hand-painted globes that will be
delivered to Washington, D.C., Jan. 18, where there will be a final show
featuring musicians Makana, Dana Lyons, Lyla June and Casey Neill.



 "We're not just here to complain. We're here to make a change and change our
lifestyle. How do we join the movement? How are we standing in solidarity with
impacted communities?" Yudith Nieto, youth organizer with TEJAS, said at the
Houston event on Tuesday.



 "Our life ways are connected to this land. We are of this land. One of our main
teachings is to take care of one another. If everyone starts taking care of one
another we can solve a lot of problems," Eddie Garcia, a Carrizo/Comecrudo Tribe
of Texas member and activist from the Two Rivers Camp, said at the Houston show.
"Our real enemy is fear, ignorance and confusion. Our enemy is showing its
face."
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

YOUR VIEWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 809 words


Show compassion for transgendered

I keenly feel the losses that happen regularly in my transgender community. Any
loss of human life (especially prematurely) is a tragic loss for all of us. The
suicide rate among my transgender brothers and sisters is horribly high. We all
need to take some responsibility to change this sad reality.

Why can't we recognize the precious humanity that dwells within each of our
fellow community members? Do we really need to demonize and marginalize people
who we don't fully understand? Does it really validate who we are as human
beings if we take apart and dehumanize less-accepted members of society?

We need to start seeing people as precious individuals instead of as being part
of a group classification.

My community has so much untapped valuable talent that is being tragically
wasted.

Let's let mercy and justice be our guiding principles and philosophy of life. As
a Christian, I find it outrageous when some Christians condemn transgender folks
in the name of righteousness.

Jesus was known to hang out with common men and women and social misfits and
outcasts. Do we now know better than Jesus? He never condemned members of the
LGBT community.

? Rhiannon Tibbetts, Madison

GOP making state a laughingstock

It is most discouraging when you think a certain group of Wisconsin officials
have reached the bottom of the barrel by putting their heads in the sand and
then they do something else that is totally absurd.

It is happening again with telling staff members of the Board of Commissioners
of Public Lands they cannot mention climate change.

The national media has picked up the story, and Wisconsin has become the state
at the butt end of jokes.

Bloomberg News points out that the agency "continues to receive some income from
the timber industries. That makes climate change, as it affects the forests of
Wisconsin, relevant at least in some part to the long-term health of the board."

What can they be thinking?

We need to remember people such as state Treasurer Matt Adamczyk when the next
elections come around.

? David Kinyon, Fitchburg

Shirley Abrahamson is acting childish

Poor Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson. She is taking her pail and shovel and is
leaving the sandbox.

Boo hoo!

? Robert Hallam, Madison

State's chief justice shouldn't be demoted

I am appalled that a state referendum has passed without much public notice and
now Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson will most likely be demoted.

We do need Abrahamson.

The voters should choose justices, not the state. Besides, conservative Justices
Michael Gableman, David Prosser and Annette Ziegler should be demoted.

Shame on the state.

? Russell Novkov, Madison

Stanley Kutler made democracy stronger

I was lucky enough to be one of professor Stanley Kutler's students, and to have
lunched with him in the past year.

He was brilliant, a standout even in an era when UW-Madison's history professors
in particular had turned lecturing into an art form. He cared passionately about
civil liberties and the rule of law.

Thanks to Kutler and his rare determination and activism as a scholar, the
Watergate tapes were released, or, as he put it, "liberated."

Our democracy is stronger because of Kutler. He was a great man who will be much
missed.

? Annie Laurie Gaylor, Madison

Thanks to our Agrace volunteers

Agrace would like to extend a heartfelt "thank you" to our many volunteers who
make a difference in the lives of our patients, families and staff each and
every day.

We would like to especially recognize our volunteers as we celebrate National
Volunteer Week, April 12-18. We appreciate the gifts of your time, energy,
compassion and talents.

Last year volunteers donated almost 73,000 hours of time to support Agrace's
mission. Some volunteers provide direct support to our patients and families
including companion, vigil, respite and transportation. Others assist with
office work, welcoming visitors at our front desk, or helping at special events.

No matter how Agrace volunteers choose to serve, they enrich the services we
provide to patients and families: Therapy dogs brighten patients' days. Vigil
volunteers sit bedside during late-night hours to ensure no patient dies alone.
Respite volunteers provide caregivers with much-needed support.

If you or someone you know wants to help, go to www.agrace.org/volunteer or call
(608) 327-7163.

? Andy Boryczka, manager of volunteer services, Agrace

Body cameras provide clarity, save money

I'm pretty sure most would agree with Friday's State Journal editorial, "More
reason for cameras." It contended the cost of issuing body cameras to on-duty
police officers would be money well spent.

Those opposed might consider not just the two-way clarity the cameras would
provide, but also the potential cost of a wrongful death suit such as the one
the city of North Charleston, South Carolina, will likely see.

? James Graves, Albany

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 6, 2012 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Where will Ron Paul's supporters go?

BYLINE: Sandhya Somashekhar

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 808 words


Ron Paul's rallies this year have yielded quirky and eclectic crowds -
bow-tie-wearing libertarians, scruffy anti-establishment types, large religious
families and packs of antiwar college students, all drawn with an unusual fervor
to the presidential candidate's unique libertarian message.

Many mainstream Republicans have long viewed his supporters as a fringe element.
But they face a gnawing question: What if Paul's followers do not fall in line
behind the eventual GOP nominee, who will need every vote possible to defeat
President Obamain the fall?

A significant share of Paul voters - 35 percent of those in a Michigan exit poll
last week - say they would not vote for any other GOP candidate. And even as
Paul's rivals adopt some of his rhetoric, it remains to be seen whether his
followers will shift their allegiance.

"I just don't see it," said Omer Rafi, 24, a college student and owner of a polo
equipment company in Woodbridge. "The establishment, they marginalize not just
Ron Paul but the supporters as well. They call us cultists and all sorts of
names: 'Paul-bots.' 'Obsessive.' After treating us like that, I don't know how
they can feel like we are supposed to become obligated to these guys."

Rafi was among 2,000 supporters who gathered for a Paul rally last weekin
Springfield, a characteristically large crowd for the candidate, who has gained
renown by calling for the elimination of the Federal Reserve, a drastic
reduction in the size and scope of government, a return to the gold standard,
and an end to most U.S. intervention overseas.

"It's great to see the young people leading the charge, but we also see others
at different age groups," Paul told the crowd. "Ones who have been frustrated.
The ones who have been independents. The ones who have dropped out. And even the
frustrated Democrats have come over and said, 'This understanding of liberty is
good.' . . . When this revolution is successful, it will not be a Republican
monopoly at all."

Paul has yet to win a nominating contest, and as of Monday he had the least
number of delegates among the GOP contenders.And he is not expected to fare
better in Virginia, even though he and Mitt Romneyare the only two candidateson
the Republican ballot there. Despite plans by some Rick Santorumand Newt
Gingrichsupporters to vote for Paul as a protest against Romney, the former
Massachusetts governor remains the heavy favorite in Virginia.

Paul has given no indication that he plans to run in the fall as an independent,
but such a move would be devastating to the eventual nominee. A December
Washington Post-ABC News poll showed that as a third-party candidate, Paul would
drain crucial votes from the Republican nominee and virtually guarantee an Obama
victory.

Paul's close relationship with Romney has spawned speculation that he may
ultimately endorse the former governor, a possibility that draws laughter from
some of Paul's most hard-core followers.

"I just can't see him doing anything like that. Those two are about as far apart
as you can think of," said Jeff Benninger, 52, a freight courier from Annandale
who said he is more likely to vote for a third-party candidate in the fall.

Paul's campaign staff has tried to erode the perception that his support
consists of a cult of personality around the 76-year-old congressman, who has
run for president twice before.

"Four years ago, it felt like people were about Ron Paul and nobody else. It was
not cultish, but it was less issue-driven and more about the man," said a Paul
campaign official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to talk freely about
internal discussions. "Now it's more issue-driven."

Officials with the other campaigns say some of Paul's supporters can be wooed.
Even Obama's campaign plans to court disaffected Paul backers, highlighting
their common ground on the budget and foreign policy.

Rick Tyler, who heads a super PAC supporting Gingrich, said the involvement of
Paul activists would be a boon to the GOP in a general election.

"Their energy is amazing," he said, particularly among young people, one of the
GOP's weakest groups. But, he added, "many of them, they cannot concede a point
ever. Ron Paul is right about everything, and if you bring up a countervailing
point, they get mad at you rather than admit that's a good point."

Many of Paul's supporters say they dread the general election, aware that Paul
is unlikely to be on the ticket and deeply uncomfortable with the idea of
casting a ballot for Romney. They will wait to hear from the man himself,
knowing that Paul, ever the meticulous thinker, will have carefully considered
the question of whether to endorse.

"I'm sure the Paul campaign will have some marching orders," said Demetrios
"James" Kifonidis, 35, a small-business owner from Fairfax who voted for Obama
four years ago. "We trust the guy."

sandhya@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Don't Squander Peace Accord

BYLINE: MICHAEL O'HARA GARCIA, Special To The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 630 words


By MICHAEL O'HARA GARCIA

Special To The Tampa Tribune

Today marks 30 years of peace between Israel and Egypt. "The Treaty of Peace
between the Arab Republic of Egypt and the State of Israel" signed on March 26,
1979, stands not only as a testament to the enduring value of personal honor and
astute diplomacy but serves as a beacon of hope for all who aspire to a lasting
peace in that troubled region.

One year before signing the agreement, Israeli Prime Minister Meacham Begin,
Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and President Jimmy Carter strolled in the
bucolic environs of Camp David for several days. During those private walks in
the woods, each man came to understand the other, not as a Jew, Arab or
American, but as a human being offered a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to make
a difference in the world. For those three courageous men, success was not
measured in terms of an enduring political legacy nor founded in the emoluments
of temporal fortune; their ultimate satisfaction was the right of all Arabs and
Jews to live peacefully and securely in their homeland.

Now comes a Shakespearean cast of astounding veniality and ignorance to uproot
the historic accomplishments of Camp David. Vying for the leading role are the
Iranian-manipulated Hamas extremists, opportunistic Sinai Bedouins and pitiful
gaggle of Israeli, Egyptian and U.S. officials attempting to master the art of
simultaneous hand-wringing and thumb-twiddling.

As the current debacle in Gaza unfolds, we begin to see the ugly underbelly of
incompetence, cynicism and political opportunism that Begin, Sadat and Carter
sought to marginalize.

The parties also established an 11-nation military force and a civilian observer
unit to monitor compliance with the Treaty. The Multinational Force and
Observers (MFO), deployed soon after the treaty signing currently maintains
three infantry battalions along the Egyptian-Israeli border and a small group of
U.S. Civilian Observers who conduct twice monthly inspections throughout the
Sinai.

Under the treaty, observers are empowered to enter any building and inspect any
person, group or piece of equipment if they suspect a violation of the
agreement. Neither the observers nor MFO military can make arrests or confiscate
property. However, they are obliged to immediately report suspected violations
for immediate resolution by Egypt or Israel. The treaty is unequivocal.

Which raises the question: Where was the MFO when Hamas was building the
honeycomb of smuggling tunnels along a short stretch of border between Egypt and
the Gaza Strip?

While one might argue the morality of the Israeli blockade or the right of
Palestinians to feed their families; there is no excuse for the MFO and Egyptian
authorities to turn a blind eye to the tunnels. Their existence exacerbates the
problem and is a clear violation of the treaty. As a former observer, I am
astonished the tunnels have been allowed to remain.

We cannot let the Gaza Palestinians starve, nor can we condone Hamas' smuggled
rockets killing innocent Israelis. The immoral enrichment of Hamas leadership is
no more justified than the refusal of the United States and Israel to
acknowledge Hamas as the democratically elected government in the Gaza Strip.

Thirty-years ago three great men were able to overcome considerably more complex
problems and find a peaceful solution. We must refuse to permit that legacy of
trust and honor to be swept away by a tide of greed, avarice and ignorance.

Michael O'Hara Garcia is a Tampa native and graduate of Plant High School and
the University of Florida who served as an observer with the Multinational Force
and Observers in Sinai, Egypt, between 1988 and 1989.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OTHER VIEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 7, 2007 Saturday

Bhutto seizes the moment as Musharraf faces a crisis

BYLINE: Somini Sengupta - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 888 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


As the Pakistani president, General Pervez Musharraf, wrestles with swelling
public disaffection over his rule, one of his key political rivals, Benazir
Bhutto, has embarked on an international campaign to revive her political
standing.

In recent weeks, Bhutto, 53, a former prime minister and the leader of the
Pakistan People's Party, who has lived in exile since 1999, has stepped up her
criticism of the Taliban who operate in the remote regions of the country. She
has sought to marginalize Islamist political parties from an opposition party
alliance that has emerged in anticipation of elections later this year.

Seeking to assure Washington that she would be a staunch ally, she has suggested
that as an elected leader, she would be more credible in selling anti-terrorism
efforts to Pakistani citizens than Musharraf, who has been criticized by
Washington for a mixed record in combating the Taliban and Al Qaeda within
Pakistan's borders. She has even brought her campaign here, to the capital of
her nation's archrival: India.

''I don't think our present regime has been able to dissociate my country's name
with terrorism, and I believe a popular democratic government can,'' she said at
a dinner attended by members of the Indian political and corporate elite here on
a Saturday night late last month.

In Washington, Bhutto has hired a lobbying firm to help sell that same message.
In March, she wrote an opinion piece for The Washington Post directed at the
Washington establishment. In February, she spoke to the conservative American
Enterprise Institute.

Bhutto has lived in self-imposed exile as a result of a long litany of
corruption charges that still hound her. Today she divides her time between
London and Dubai, and appears ever more intent on preparing the ground for a
possible return to Pakistan, though many obstacles remain.

''Her strategy seems to be to try and persuade the international community that
changes in the way Pakistan is governed - changes that would eventually favor
her - are also good for the war against terror,'' said Husain Haqqani, a former
adviser to Bhutto who is now director of the Center for International Relations
at Boston University.

At the moment, at least, it seems unlikely that the Bush administration will
heed Bhutto's argument. The White House remains committed to Musharraf, even
through the latest protests against his administration - protests that
ostensibly began against his suspension of the country's chief justice but have
since come to represent growing frustration against military rule.

Analysts in Washington and Islamabad point out that the White House remains
skeptical of Bhutto's abilities, questioning her authority over Pakistan's
military and intelligence services and troubled by charges that she and her
husband illegally gained millions of dollars from deals with people who did
business with the government when she was in power. (She successfully fought two
money-laundering cases in Pakistan, though she continues to face charges in a
separate case in a court in Switzerland.)

''I'm not sure if there's any amount of charm or orchestration on Benazir's part
that will change this,'' Craig Cohen, deputy chief of staff at the Center for
Strategic and International Studies in Washington, said in an e-mail message.
''Something major would have to happen in Pakistan for the Bush administration
to give up on Musharraf.''

More to the point, Cohen said, there is little reason to believe that having
Bhutto at the helm would fundamentally alter the hold of the military and the
intelligence services on the state machinery.

''Even after free elections, the military will still call the shots on national
security issues,'' he said. ''Firing the manager only gets you so far.''

How the Democrats in Washington will respond to Musharraf in the coming months
is also uncertain.

One hint came in early March, when four members of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee, including its chairman, Joseph Biden Jr., a Delaware Democrat and a
candidate for president, wrote to Musharraf, warning that without the return of
the two key opposition leaders, Bhutto and Nawaz Sharif, ''it will be difficult
for the international community to regard the 2007 elections as a true
expression of democracy.''

Sharif's government was ousted by Musharraf during a coup in 1999.

He was eventually pardoned and exiled to Saudi Arabia. Neither he nor Bhutto was
permitted to take part in the last elections, in 2002.

On occasion, Musharraf has said that Bhutto could return, if she were willing to
face corruption charges. In a step that added to speculation that a deal on her
return might be in the works, the government announced Wednesday that it was
abolishing the federal division that had been investigating the foreign assets
and offshore bank accounts of some politicians, including Bhutto.

Still, Musharraf has given no word, publicly at least, that he is in a mood to
bargain.

''There are no back-channel negotiations,'' he said in an interview with
Karachi-based HUM TV in February. ''Elections would take place in the situation
as it is at present.''

''The parties, which are here, will take part in the elections,'' he added.
''But those who are abroad would remain there. This is the reality and there is
no deal, no change.''

*

Carlotta Gall contributed from Kabul.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Down-to-wire votes lifted Rubio in Iowa;
Florida senator landed bulk of late decisions from caucus attendees.

BYLINE:  By George Bennett   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 872 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Iowa


The psychology of Iowa's caucus format might have helped push late-deciding
voters toward Florida Sen. Marco Rubio on Monday, handing Rubio a strong
third-place finish and claims of "Marcomentum" heading into next week's New
Hampshire primary.

Rubio claimed the largest share of Republican voters who made up their minds in
the final days before the caucuses, according to entrance polls, and he was the
clear favorite of Republicans who said electability in November was the most
important quality in a candidate.

Finishing third wasn't a surprise for Rubio, particularly after the "gold
standard" Des Moines Register poll on Saturday showed him as bronze medalist
behind part-time Palm Beacher Donald Trump and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. But Rubio's
23.1 percent showing on Monday far exceeded his 15 percent support in that poll
and was only 1.2 points behind Trump.

So Rubio's caucus-night party at the Des Moines Marriott Downtown had the feel
of a victory celebration even though three out of four Iowa Republicans chose
another candidate.

The Rubio campaign moved quickly Tuesday to try to marginalize the rest of the
crowded GOP field by describing the race as a three-candidate contest. And a
pro-Rubio super PAC began airing TV ads Tuesday criticizing Trump and Cruz and
touting Rubio as "the conservative who can win -- and the Clinton machine knows
it."

With Trump and Cruz topping GOP polls but also causing heartburn for many
Republicans, Rubio emphasized the electability argument in his closing comments
Monday night at a large caucus gathering just outside Des Moines.

"I believe with all my heart that if I am our nominee I can unite this party
because if we are not united we cannot win. I know that if I am our nominee I
will be able to take our message of conservatism to people who have never voted
for us before," Rubio told voters in Clive.

Unlike traditional primary elections, Iowa's Republican caucus system requires
voters to gather together for a meeting and hear speeches before casting secret
ballots. With supporters of candidates waving signs and cheering for speeches,
voters can get a sense of the relative popularity of each candidate before
voting.

"When you all have to show up at one location and you get a real sense of, 'Wow,
look at all these people,' when you see that ... if you're supporting any of
these candidates down in single digits, you can make the judgment on the scene
to switch," said Craig Robinson, editor of the conservative news and opinion
site TheIowaRebublican.com. "I think that happened a lot and I think that helped
Cruz and Rubio."

In entrance polls, 21 percent of Iowa Republicans said the "ability to win in
November" was the quality they valued most in a candidate. Rubio got 43 percent
support from these voters, compared with 25 percent for part-time Palm Beacher
Trump and 23 percent for Cruz.

More than one-third of Republican voters said they decided on a candidate within
the past week. Of the 16 percent who decided on caucus day, Rubio scored best in
the Republican field with 27 percent. For those who made their choice "in the
last few days," Rubio topped the GOP field with 31 percent support.

Former state House Majority Leader Adam Hasner of Boca Raton, a longtime Rubio
ally, spent the past few days of the campaign in Iowa working Rubio events. He
said many attendees were undecided and willing to listen to Hasner and others
who made the case for Rubio.

Hasner, who will travel to New Hampshire for Rubio, said Rubio's Iowa
performance "sets the table" for a strong finish in the Granite State.

It also sets up Rubio as a target. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey
Gov. Chris Christie, in their final Iowa appearances on Monday, both warned
against nominating first-term senators -- a category that includes Rubio, Cruz
and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul.

In the Iowa entrance polls, 45 percent of voters said "experience in politics"
was the best preparation to be president, while 49 percent said a candidate
should "be from outside the political establishment." Among voters who valued
experience, Rubio was the top Republican with 39 percent support and Cruz was
second with 35 percent.

Bush got only 2.8 percent of the vote in Iowa and left the state before the
caucuses began to campaign in New Hampshire, where he hopes a strong showing
will revive his campaign.

Bush is the latest former Florida governor to struggle in a presidential bid.

In 1984, former Democratic Gov. Reubin Askew got 2.5 percent in Iowa and 1
percent in New Hampshire before dropping out. Former Republican Gov. Claude Kirk
also ran for president that year, as a Democrat, but quit after garnering only
24 votes in New Hampshire. Former Gov. Bob Graham launched a 2004 campaign while
he was a sitting Democratic senator. But Graham failed to gain traction in Iowa
and elsewhere and scrubbed his campaign in the fall of 2003.

gbennett@pbpost.com Twitter: @gbennettpost

post in new hampshire

Follow Post politics reporter George Bennett as he covers Florida presidential
candidates Donald Trump, Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush and Ben Carson in New Hampshire,
at PostOnPolitics.com and on Twitter @gbennettpost

MORE ONLINE

Bennett takes you behind the scenes of Election 2016 at myPalmBeachPost.com/
politics

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            April 7, 2010 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

The greatest story never told?;
Despite media's contrary efforts, Tea Party's grass roots grow deeper

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 645 words


An astounding new poll says that Americans - 48 to 44 percent - agree more with
the Tea Party activists than they do with President Obama.

Among independents, that percentage is 50 to 38.

That's utterly astonishing in several ways - first, because the Tea Party is a
true grass-roots crusade that is but a year old, having coalesced around the
Boston Tea Party theme after an impromptu rant about government spending by CNBC
broadcaster Rick Santelli in February 2009.

Moreover, to this point there is no recognized national Tea Party leader or
spokesman to light this fire and keep it lit. The many Tea Party organizations
that have sprouted in record time across the country are autonomous and largely
uncoordinated from on high.

They define the term "grass roots."

For such a diffuse, populist, potpourri amalgam of concerned citizens to, in
effect, better represent Americans' views than the sitting president does - and
in only a year's time - is one of the great political stories of our time.

And it's all the more remarkable because the Tea Party movement has exploded on
the scene against the headwinds of a hostile media, and in spite of nearly a
year of efforts by Democrats and the "mainstream" media to demonize and
marginalize tea partiers. At first they ignored the movement. Then they mocked
and disparaged it, often in snickering, profane terms on national television.
More recently they have tried to paint participants not as patriots but as
racists and haters.

In particular, they've seized upon still-unconfirmed allegations of uncivil
behavior by a few angry activists to smear the entire movement.

Those of us who have been involved in the cause from the start know the truth -
that it's the exact opposite of hatred.

Tea Party activists love this country, and they want to save it - primarily from
a Washington that is out of control in its lust for both power and reckless
spending.

The underlying concern predates Barack Hussein Obama. The latter years of the
George W. Bush presidency angered and frightened many Americans who see both
parties in Washington putting this country on the road to bankruptcy and ruin.
But with the bailouts, the ill-conceived massive stimulus bill and now the
health-care monstrosity that a majority of Americans oppose, the movement to
save America has only gained steam and urgency.

The media's attempts to discredit the Tea Party's demographics don't hold water,
either: Gallup says the movement is about 79 percent white - nearly matching the
country's demographic of 75 percent.

"Tea partiers are quite representative of the public at large" as to age, race,
education and employment, a Gallup spokeswoman says.

Nor are the participants politically monolithic. In several polls, tea partiers
are as much as 43 percent independents and 13 percent Democrats.

This is a story - just like the nature, origin and amazing meteoric rise of the
Tea Party movement itself - that may never be honestly told by left-leaning
media outlets.

One demographic in particular may help explain that. Tea partiers do tend to be
more middle-class - which may, in part, explain the "mainstream" media's upset:
Middle-class Americans aren't supposed to be angry, and they should never
actually protest. They're supposed to keep their mouths shut and go to work so
they can dutifully pay their taxes and not question where that money is going.

No more.

Washington is spending us to oblivion. Our elected leaders are stealing from
future generations - $12 trillion and tens of trillions to come - in order to
placate voters and stay in office indefinitely. But the jig is up, and the game
is about to end.

Ultimately, we will most likely be forced to amend our Constitution to stop the
raid on the public Treasury. It may have to include limits on both spending and
congressional terms.

If so, the Tea Party movement may be just what the doctor ordered.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 20, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

At Sundance Festival, Films Take Diversity To Another Frontier

BYLINE: By BERNARD WEINRAUB

SECTION: Section C; Page 11; Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 1450 words

DATELINE: PARK CITY, Utah, Jan. 19


It's less than two hours by plane from Hollywood to the Sundance Film Festival
here, but creatively it is as far away as the moon. Movie studios are competing
with one another to churn out bigger -- but not necessarily better -- action
movies for men, but the films at this swarming 10-day festival seem to be
focusing on themes involving women, troubled teen-agers, despairing families and
other groups that Hollywood often ignores.

This year at Sundance, the nation's top showcase for independent film makers,
sexual politics and what Robert Redford, the festival's founder, called "a
validation of diversity" dominate many of the 127 feature-length films being
shown.

But diversity has taken an offbeat, even startling, turn this year. Mr. Redford
and his staff, who have been chided in recent years by critics as having sought
out films that seem trendy, have moved into a new arena: post-political
correctness.

"It's not enough to be black or Latino or gay or a woman or 20-something," Mr.
Redford said. "That's not enough to give you a lot of mileage. We've moved past
that. It marginalizes the film maker."

This new mood has clearly affected the women whose films have been selected for
this year's festival, which began on Thursday night. Instead of banding together
against men -- a theme at recent Sundance festivals -- women and teen-age girls
in these movies are not only struggling with the reality of their own lives, but
also finding other women not necessarily friendly. Men are not much of a
presence in these new movies.

They include Alex Sichel's "All Over Me," about the pain and triumph of a
teen-age girl in Hell's Kitchen; Hannah Weyer's "Arresting Gena," also about
teen-age girls, and "The Clockwatchers" by Jill Sprecher, about the bleak lives
of office temps who are utterly isolated. That film stars Toni Collette, Parker
Posey and Lisa Kudrow.

"What I liked about our story is its honesty in saying that women sometimes
don't treat each other well, that sisterhood is not necessarily all that
supportive," said Ms. Kudrow, a star of the television show "Friends."

Seated in a crowded coffee shop on Main Street, Ms. Kudrow took a sip of decaf
and said: "It's not politically correct, but it's more truthful. Women sometimes
don't believe in each other, don't help each other. That's life. Why not say it?
I love it. I don't dare think what the audience is going to think."

Ms. Kudrow was one of the celebrities in jeans traipsing around Park City --
There's Sandra Bullock! There's Sally Field! -- for a festival that is swollen
with film company executives and distributors, as well as agents, television
crews and aspiring film makers. ("An awful lot of rich kids with trust funds
making films about poor people," said one writer on Saturday night, waiting for
the shuttle bus to go to a movie.)

Mr. Redford, who began the festival in 1984, acknowledged that the films at
Sundance can sometimes get lost in the hoopla and parties into which
festivalgoers virtually claw their way.

"In the beginning there wasn't any money, there was no support; independent
films were orphans of the industry," Mr. Redford said the other day. "I just
felt I wanted to put something back. It was sort of personal. I wanted to create
opportunities for new talent, for new voices. Sometimes a studio will dull or
blunt a voice. I wanted to keep those voices alive."

Women's voices are certainly not the only ones heard at Sundance. Among the
films that have seized early attention are Mark Pellington's "Going All the
Way," an adaptation by Dan Wakefield of his novel about the enduring friendship
of two young Korean War veterans in the Midwest in the 1950's; Vin Diesel's
"Strays," about a macho New Yorker struggling to find some intimacy; Neil
LaBute's "In the Company of Men," a black comedy about two men fed up with women
and their lives; "The Delta," by Ira Sachs, about a romance in the South between
two young men -- a white teen-ager and a half-Vietnamese working-class emigre --
and Tony Vitale's "Kiss Me, Guido," a romp about a pizza parlor worker yearning
to escape the Bronx who mistakenly shares an apartment with a gay man in
Greenwich Village.

As in every Sundance festival, there are several movies about outrageous
families. The most notable this year perhaps was "The House of Yes" by Mark
Waters, a comedy about an affluent family preparing for Thanksgiving.

It was the unexpected financial success of Steven Soderbergh's dark 1989 comedy,
"Sex, Lies and Videotape," which grossed more than $24 million, that transformed
Sundance and led Hollywood studio executives and agents to realize the financial
potential of independent films. Far more films from Sundance fail at the box
office than succeed, and many of them do not even find distributors. But each
year at least one film emerges from the pack.

Last year Scott Hicks's "Shine," the drama about the Australian pianist David
Helfgott, aroused extraordinary interest. "We're still looking this year for the
new 'Shine,' " Mark Ordesky, executive vice president of acquisitions for New
Line and Fine Line, said the other morning, busily working his cell phone and
waiting to enter a movie theater with his partner, Jonathan Weisgal, executive
vice president of Fine Line. The two helped acquire "Shine."

"The canvases just seem smaller this year," Mr. Ordesky said. "There seem to be
interesting films, but how many of them will turn into box office hits?"

About a mile away, Beth Swofford, the agent at the Creative Artists Agency who
beat out virtually every other top agent in Hollywood in signing Mr. Hicks to a
contract last year, waited patiently in line to pick up her credentials. Five
years ago Creative Artists, the most powerful agency in Hollywood, virtually
ignored Sundance because it was too arty. Now Creative Artists -- like
International Creative Management, William Morris and the United Talent Agency
-- rents condos for as much as $8,000 a week for teams of agents who prowl the
festival in small platoons.

"It's the prime place to discover new talent," Ms. Swofford said. "The pitfall
for everyone is succumbing to the hothouse atmosphere. Too many expectations are
placed too soon on too many people. People can succumb to the hype. It's not
about these 10 days in January. It's what people do to their careers afterward."
(Agents have also been deployed at the alternative Slamdance Festival, a feisty
and aggressive independent film showcase also in Park City.)

Nearby, Geoffrey Gilmore, the festival's program director, acknowledged that for
reasons he does not fully understand, the movies selected this year are "far
more cerebral than previous years."

"Films are getting into difficult subjects," he said. "Some are politically
incorrect; some are getting into sexual triangles. There's a lot of almost
idiosyncratic points of view in a lot of this new work."

As in previous years, documentaries have stirred as much attention as feature
films, or even more. And as in the features, a surprising number of
documentaries deal with women and women's issues.

These include "Girls Like Us," about teen-agers in working-class South
Philadelphia, and "A Healthy Baby Girl," a powerful movie narrated and written
by Judith Helfand, who developed cancer after her mother was given the drug DES
during her pregnancy.

Some of the other documentaries that have gained attention include "Licensed to
Kill," about young men who beat and even kill gay men; "The Long Way Home,"
about the early days after the liberation of the German concentration camps;
"Waco: The Rules of Engagement," an indictment of the way the Government used
force that led to the destruction of the Branch Davidian compound; "Paul
Monette: The Brink of Summer's End," about the writer who died of AIDS; "Family
Name," about a white man in North Carolina who unravels his roots among black
slaves as well as slave owners, and a difficult-to-watch movie, "Sick: The Life
and Death of Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist," about a performance artist suffering
from cystic fibrosis whose act includes body piercing.

Mr. Redford said that what he especially enjoyed about this year's festival,
which ends on Sunday, is that the films as a group were almost impossible to
characterize. "I like that confusion," he said.

He spoke with some dismay about studio films. "What's happened is the mainstream
is just more costly, more formulaic, more cluttered with special effects in
order to achieve that blockbuster shape," Mr. Redford said. "Where does that
leave films that push the envelope, films that focus on basic storytelling and
character? That's what we're trying to do at Sundance."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Movies at the Sundance Film Festival, in Park City, Utah,
reflect a new mood of diversity. The festival's flags line Main Street. (Steve
Wilson for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     May 28, 1994, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

It's not a drag being a man - if you're really a woman

BYLINE: JOY PRESS; THE GUARDIAN

SECTION: OBSERVER; Pg. B5


Ten women are sitting in an apartment in East Village, Manhattan, fingering our
penises and waiting for facial hair. We have come from far and near to be drag
kings -- to "try on the male guise and enter the male domain."

The workshop leader, Diane Torr, is a performance artist who has spent 12 years
performing in drag and the past three giving classes.

"When I first cross-dressed, people treated me totally differently and it gave
me insights I thought women could learn from," she said. "We're socially
confined in roles and it's hard to choose who we are and what we want to do.
When you take on a male persona, you don't accommodate."

Everyone has her own reasons for taking the class. Tired of being cat-called and
harassed on the streets of New York, I wondered what it would be like to be
anonymous -- not to be female.

Katherine, a tiny dancer with cropped hair and a quiet voice, says: "I feel
androgynous inside but I look very feminine and small."

Bonnie is the only woman in her office and wants to take on some of the traits
that allow her male colleagues to marginalize her. She is also an actress and
wants to audition for some juicy male roles.

Our make-up artist, Johnny, measures Bonnie's lip by sight and creates a small,
reddish moustache. Johnny likes to give everyone facial hair, although I protest
that I wouldn't be the kind of guy to have a moustache.

"Facial hair reminds you to keep your face stiff," he explains, giving me a
goatee. The others pronounce me a post-grad student who reads bad Beat poetry.
They dub me "Eric."

"Does anybody need a penis?" Torr yells. Some use socks, some tubular medical
bandages, and we quickly become obsessed with the adequacy of our protuberances.
Michelle's is too small, mine is too long. Someone yells for help trimming hers:
"I don't want my penis to have a profile!"

I have the awkward job of being the model for the breast-binding demonstration.
Breasts are the major barrier, it seems, between me and androgyny. Torr wraps a
wide bandage around my breasts but they remain a strange lump on my torso and I
worry that they'll slip out, revealing my secret identity.

Once everyone is dressed, we practise the art of "becoming a man." This boils
down to a kind of intensely focused, shockingly difficult performance. Where
male drag queens flamboyantly flaunt the artifice of gender, there is something
serious (and therefore unsettling) about the female drag king. She wants to pass
for a real man, to go undercover into a world of privilege.

Trish, a dark-haired New Yorker, creates "Joel," a corporate type who would like
to play jazz for a living but doesn't have the nerve. The details are perfect,
right down to the tie clip. "Joel" looks in the mirror and lets out a deep
groan. "My God, I look just like my father."

The lessons Torr teaches us are: walk as if you own the world; don't ever move
out of the way; curb your smile; eat like a pig. Clichs are easiest to mimic, so
we end up with a room full of macho creeps.

But how does one play a "New Man" who is in revolt against some aspects of
masculinity, yet retains that air of authority and birthright?

Torr agrees it is a hard thing to achieve in one day: "I do six-week classes in
Europe and then you can really learn a character. It's like being a spy: not
just how does this man walk down the street, but how does this man feed the
ducks?"

The intrigue of female cross-dressing is more than a passing craze. In its long
history it has encompassed straight women and lesbians, women dressing up for
sexual frisson and for fashion, for practical reasons and rebellious ones.

Think of French writers George Sand and Colette; Sarah Bernhardt as Hamlet;
Virginia Woolf's Orlando; Romaine Brooks' famous portraits of herself and
friends in 1920s Paris (in monocles and men's suits, bobbed hair and top hats);
Grace Jones, Annie Lennox and Madonna, k.d. lang being "shaved" by Cindy
Crawford in Vanity Fair .

There are the jazz musician Billy Tipton and Dr. James Barry, an
Inspector-General in the British Army, both of whom passed as men for their
whole lives. Not to mention the many female cross-dressing saints of the Middle
Ages -- most notably Pope Joan, whose gender was allegedly revealed when she
gave birth during a papal procession, and St. Joan of Arc, who was put on trial
not for heresy but for transvestism.

In fact, the Bible says: "The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth to a
man" or risk being an "abomination" (Deuteronomy 22:5). And for centuries,
sumptuary laws, designed to keep class boundaries clear, defined what one could
and could not wear. Cross-dressing was not only transgressive in its ability to
blur gender identity -- it was a punishable offence.

Now that the dangers are more abstract, what is at stake? In the past, the
attractions were clear (it was the only way for a woman to captain a schooner or
get an education), but now it is more intangible -- a desire to experience the
privilege and confidence society bestows on men, and to evade the everyday
hassles and double standards too subtle and ingrained to be outlawed.

"We are aliens in the male land," Torr says. "So much goes on from which we're
excluded. I think the idea of gender mutation is going to be a regular thing in
the 21st century. Having self-possession and authority can only help you."

Torr believes cross-dressing has practical applications: women can use it to
feel safer walking home at night or to avoid being condescended to when buying a
car.

Some women who have taken the course continue to do it on their own, but most
probably take away with them more invisible benefits: a refined awareness that
the way they walk, talk and carry themselves affects how the world responds to
them.

Most of us in the workshop wanted to know how it would feel to be treated like a
male but we discovered that trousers and moustaches do not make a man.
Suppressing the habit of smiling, touching, chatting and making eye contact
proved quite a task, and resulted in a room full of cultural hermaphrodites.

As we bundled up to go outside, doubts surfaced: could we pull it off? I have
never had any desire to be a man, yet I was strangely worried that I would not
make the grade. Out on the East Village streets, though, with men who looked
just like "Eric," I felt OK.

Barely suppressing our nervous excitement, we strolled into Billy's Topless Bar
and spread out. I took up a space by the bar and ordered a Bud -- the drink with
the shortest name, since the voice was most likely to give me away. Instead of
perching (too feminine), I leant lazily on a stool.

The dancers, three feet away, winked good-humoredly. They are playing the vapid,
vulnerable and helpless stereotype; I'm playing strong, hulking and macho. My
penis slips every so often -- I knew I should have pinned it on -- and
Michelle's breasts slithered out of her bandage, but who wants to be caught
making repairs in the men's room?

Finally, all my hopes for the workshop are realized. A guy on his way to the
bathroom heads in my direction and, forgetting that I'm a man, I flinch in
preparation for the lewd look I'm going to get -- the inevitable leering,
appraising gaze.

But not only does he not check for a Vacancy sign, he stares right through me.
The goatee, the baseball cap -- they tell him he need not even look at me. I am
anonymous, just another guy. I can sit here mulling over my epiphany,
undisturbed until I decide to make a move -- like handing a stripper a dollar
bill.


LOAD-DATE: May 30, 1994

LENGTH: 1261 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Gilligan, Citizen/

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     May 21, 1994, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Ladies, don your penises and let's hit the streets: MEN: lots of reasons for
cross-dressing

BYLINE: JOY PRESS; THE GUARDIAN

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. NB02

LENGTH: 1098 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK- Ten women are sitting in an apartment in East Village, Manhattan,
fingering our penises and waiting for facial hair. We have come from far and
near to be drag kings -- to "try on the male guise and enter the male domain."
The workshop leader, Diane Torr, is a performance artist who has spent 12 years
performing in drag and the last three giving classes.

"When I first cross-dressed, people treated me totally differently and it gave
me insights I thought women could learn from," she said. "We're socially
confined in roles and it's hard to choose who we are and what we want to do.
When you take on a male persona, you don't accommodate."

Everyone has her own reasons for taking the class. Tired of being cat-called and
harassed on the streets of New York, I wondered what it would be like to be
anonymous -- not to be female.

Katherine, a tiny dancer with cropped hair and a quiet voice, says: "I feel
androgynous inside but I look very feminine and small."

Bonnie is the only woman in her office and wants to take on some of the traits
that allow her male colleagues to marginalize her. She is also an actor and
wants to audition for some juicy male roles.

Our make-up artist, Johnny, measures Bonnie's lip by sight and creates a small,
reddish moustache. Johnny likes to give everyone facial hair, although I protest
that I wouldn't be the kind of guy to have a moustache.

"Facial hair reminds you to keep your face stiff," he explains, giving me a
goatee. The others pronounce me a post-grad student who reads bad Beat poetry.
They dub me "Eric."

"Does anybody need a penis?" Torr yells. Some use socks, some tubular medical
bandages, and we quickly become obsessed with the adequacy of our protuberances.
Michelle's is too small, mine is too long. Someone yells for help trimming hers:
"I don't want my penis to have a profile!"

I have the awkward job of being the model for the breast-binding demonstration.
Breasts are the major barrier, it seems, between me and androgyny. Torr wraps a
wide bandage around me but my tits remain a strange lump on my torso and I worry
that they'll slip out, revealing my secret identity.

Once everyone is dressed, we practise the art of "becoming a man." This boils
down to a kind of intensely-focused, shockingly difficult performance. Where
male drag queens flamboyantly flaunt the artifice of gender, there is something
serious (and therefore unsettling) about the female drag king. She wants to pass
for a real man, to go undercover into a world of privilege.

Trish, a dark-haired New Yorker, creates "Joel," a corporate type who would like
to play jazz for a living but doesn't

Continued from B1

have the nerve. The details are perfect, right down to the tie clip. "Joel"
looks in the mirror and lets out a deep groan. "My God, I look just like my
father."

The lessons Torr teaches us are:

l Walk as if you own the world.

l Don't ever move out of the way.

l Curb your smile.

l Eat like a pig.

Cliches are easiest to mimic, so we end up with a room full of macho creeps.

But how does one play a "New Man" who is in revolt against some aspects of
masculinity, yet retains that air of authority and birthright? Torr agrees that
it is a hard thing to achieve in one day:

"I do six-week classes in Europe and then you can really learn a character. It's
like being a spy: not just how does this man walk down the street, but how does
this man feed the ducks?"

The intrigue of female cross-dressing is more than a passing craze. In its long
history it has encompassed straight women and lesbians, women dressing up for
sexual frisson and for fashion, for practical reasons and rebellious ones. Think
of French writers George Sand and Colette; Sarah Bernhardt as Hamlet; Virginia
Woolf's Orlando; Romaine Brooks' famous portraits of herself and friends in
1920s Paris (in monocles and men's suits).

For centuries, cross-dressing was not only transgressive in its ability to blur
gender identity -- it was a punishable offence.

Now that the dangers are more abstract, what is at stake? In the past, the
attractions were clear (it was the only way for a woman to captain a schooner or
get an education), but now it is more intangible -- a desire to experience the
privilege and confidence society bestows on men.

"We are aliens in the male land," Torr says. "So much goes on from which we're
excluded. I think the idea of gender mutation is going to be a regular thing in
the 21st century."

Torr believes that cross-dressing has practical applications: women can use it
to feel safer walking home at night or to avoid being condescended to when
buying a car. And there are more invisible benefits: a refined awareness that
the way they walk, talk and carry themselves affects how the world responds to
them.

Most of us in the workshop wanted to know how it would feel to be treated like a
male but we discovered that trousers and moustaches do not make a man.
Suppressing the habit of smiling, touching, chatting and making eye contact
proved quite a task, and resulted in a room full of cultural hermaphrodites. As
we bundled up to go outside, doubts surfaced: could we pull it off? I have never
had any desire to be a man, yet I was strangely worried that I would not make
the grade. Out on the East Village streets, though, with men who looked just
like "Eric," I felt okay.

Barely suppressing our nervous excitement, we strolled into Billy's Topless Bar
and spread out. I took up a space by the bar and ordered a Bud -- the drink with
the shortest name, since the voice was most likely to give me away. Instead of
perching (too feminine), I leaned lazily on a stool.

The dancers, a metre away, winked good-humoredly. They are playing the vapid,
vulnerable and helpless stereotype; I'm playing strong, hulking and macho. My
penis slips every so often -- I knew I should have pinned it on -- and
Michelle's breasts slithered out of her bandage, but who wants to be caught
making repairs in the men's room?

Finally, all my hopes for the workshop are realized. A guy on his way to the
bathroom heads in my direction and, forgetting that I'm a man, I flinch in
preparation for the lewd look I'm going to get -- the inevitable leering,
appraising gaze.

But not only does he not check for a Vacancy sign, he stares right through me.
The goatee, the baseball cap -- they tell him he need not even look at me. I am
anonymous, just another guy. I can sit here mulling over my epiphany,
undisturbed until I decide to make a move -- like handing a stripper a dollar
bill.


LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VIC BONDEROFF/Vancouver Sun/ drawing of woman shaving

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Rapid Transit Cycleshop

                               1900 W. North Ave.
                               Chicago,  IL 60622
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (773) 227-2288
FAX: (773) 227-2328
URL: www.rapidtransitcycles.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Rapid Transit Cycleshop was founded in 1994 by Chris Stodder and Justyna
Frank, a husband and wife team, with a mission of getting more Chicagoans on
bicycles. We believe in human-powered transportation, and are committed to the
commuting and utilitarian cyclist.  However, though bicycling for transportation
had always seemed to us like a good idea, we wanted our shop to welcome and
support all cyclists. We wanted invite, not intimidate the beginner; listen, not
preach to the curious; and salute, not marginalize the commuter.  We also saw
the opportunity to offer Chicago's cyclists bikes that were not available in
other area stores. In March of that same year, with one recumbent in stock, we
became Chicago's first recumbent bicycle dealer, and today continue to be the
only shop in the city where you can see, compare, test ride and purchase a wide
variety of recumbents.  Several years ago we introduced folding bikes into our
product mix, and thus opened up new transportation opportunities to commuters
who needed to combine cycling with public transit.  Our emphasis on
human-powered transportation has shaped a unique company philosophy, and
resulted in an eclectic mix of bicycles and accessories not found anywhere else
in town. We offer bikes that will take you downtown, and out of town; around the
neighborhood, or around the world; bikes you can fold up in a suitcase, and take
on the plane.  But we don't just want to sell you stuff. We want to help you
find a bicycle that will

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 750,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 16, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

DEBATE OR NOT, CLINTON TO ATTEND FLA. FUND-RAISER

BYLINE: By S.V. DÁTE Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


As of Tuesday, no Democratic presidential candidate had committed to participate
in a Jan. 27 debate in Boca Raton, largely because of a pledge to the
traditional early primary states not to campaign in Florida.

But that won't stop Hillary Clinton from swooping into Miami Beach that same
night for a fund-raiser. Her campaign is planning one, possibly two events
starting at 7 p.m., just two hours before Florida Atlantic University is hoping
to stage a nationally televised debate for the Democratic candidates.

Clinton's Florida finance chairman, Chris Korge, said he was unsure whether the
pledge that she, Barack Obama and John Edwards all signed would permit a debate,
but it specifically allows fund raising.

"They're either all going to the debate or none of them are going," Korge said.
"Bottom line: Believe me, no one would want to campaign more in Florida than
Hillary would. She's 21 points ahead. Clearly she did not want to marginalize
Florida."

The Obama campaign quickly pointed to the fund-raiser as a sign that Clinton may
be planning to break the pledge.

"There are signs -- despite Senator Clinton's public pledge to the contrary --
that she may be planning to campaign in the state -- inquiring about large
venues and increased organizing activity -- ahead of the Florida primary," the
memo said. "Our position and the position of the DNC is clear -- neither the
Florida nor Michigan primaries are playing any role in deciding the Democratic
nominee and we are not campaigning in either state."

Clinton's campaign responded: "Contrary to the Obama campaign's memo, there are
no events at large venues, nor have we organized in the state. We intend to do
so as our party's nominee in the general election, but will honor our pledge not
to campaign there in violation of the pledge."

~ s_v_date@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  ELECTION 2008 Ran all editions.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 Hillary Clinton (mug)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 8, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FILM REVIEW;
A Singer Who Can't Sing at Center Stage

SECTION: Section C;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 731 words


"Georgia," which was shown as part of this year's New York Film Festival, opens
today in Manhattan. Following are excerpts from Janet Maslin's review, which
appeared in The New York Times on Sept. 30.

"Georgia," in which Jennifer Jason Leigh stunningly gives a piece of her heart
to the main role of a ravaged, unsuccessful singer, isn't named for the
character she plays. Instead, Georgia (Mare Winningham) is the sister of Sadie
Frost (Ms. Leigh), and Georgia is a country music star whose practiced nobility
makes her well loved by her fans. By contrast, Sadie is all jittery nerves and
false optimism, pushy and needy and way too eager to please. Whatever it is that
makes Sadie so desperate, Georgia is at its core.

The love-hate bond between these sisters is explored fascinatingly in a film
that, as directed with intuitive brilliance by Ulu Grosbard, gives Sadie the
forum that the world has denied her. With an exploratory style in the spirit of
John Cassavetes, "Georgia" turns Sadie inside out without giving a neatly
dramatic structure to her story. The result is a film as maddening and
unpredictable as the character herself, held together by a fierce, risk-taking
performance and flashes of overwhelming honesty. Sadie would be unbearable if
she didn't feel so real.

That there is something immediate and recognizable about Sadie is a credit to
this film's unflinching tactics. Drug and alcohol problems, dismal singing and
bleary raccoon-eye makeup would seem to marginalize her, but she still strikes a
deep, familiar chord. As written by Barbara Turner, who wrote the screenplay for
"Petulia" and is Ms. Leigh's mother, "Georgia" understands why Sadie manages to
overstep the bounds of any situation, and why Georgia's patience with her sister
isn't as self-sacrificing as it looks. Occasionally the screenplay feels sketchy
or grasps for tidy assessments, but mostly it lets two sharply drawn characters
play out their psychodrama on screen.

Sadie is first seen working as a motel chambermaid, casually attaching herself
to an aging musician, fleeing him when this situation gets dangerous and landing
on Georgia's doorstep, doubtless for the umpteenth time. The house is the
sisters' childhood home, and Georgia is used to bailing her sibling out of
trouble. So Georgia listens impassively while Sadie chatters about drugs in
front of Georgia's children at breakfast time. And Georgia tolerates Sadie's
stabs at helpfulness even when they're useless, like Sadie's offer to hang
sheets on the clothesline in bad weather. Sadie is too loaded to notice it's a
rainy day.

Sadie likes to flirt with Jake, Georgia's husband (Ted Levine), and call him
"best man in the world." If this were a more conventional film, that would lead
to treachery and destroy the sisters' fragile rapport, but "Georgia" is less
linear than that. Instead, it suspends judgment and watches empathetically while
Sadie spirals downward, knowing that it isn't Jake or any other man that she
really wants. On its way to a tough ending, the film is saved from bleakness by
the fierce energy and mercurial appeal Ms. Leigh brings to her character.

Music becomes the most unusual avenue through which this film exposes the nature
of each sister. (Ms. Winningham, admirably restrained in the more trickily muted
of the two roles, happens to sing surprisingly well.) Once Sadie wheedles a job
singing in empty bars and bowling alleys (John Doe is well cast as her
exasperated band-mate and ex-boyfriend), the film indulgently gives her room to
bare all her hope and frustration while she performs.

During a sequence that will make or break audience sympathy for "Georgia," Mr.
Grosbard lets Sadie run on drunkenly for eight minutes with a Van Morrison song,
complete with all the passionate fits and starts that nobody but Mr. Morrison
can really manage. The scene turns tense because the improvisational style that
makes the performance important to Sadie is exactly what drives her sister up
the wall. Unable to restrain herself, Georgia finally jumps in and makes it a
duet, trying to get Sadie back onto a coherent course. Afterward, Sadie is
furious over being given such help.

"How did it feel to be able to pull me out?" she asks Georgia bitterly.

"It felt like a thousand pounds of dead weight, Sadie," Georgia replies.

"Georgia" knows an impasse like that will never go away.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1049 words


Fiscal sky may really be falling

Berkeley's fiscal hawks, often accused of undue pessimism, inhumanity, and an
unseemly low civic boosterism level, are being vindicated by the hard cold
facts.

For years we "hawks" (BASTA, Budget Watch, Berkeley Budget SOS, Committee for
FACTS) have warned about the high level of unfunded liability, the decline of
services, excessive city employee consumption of our budget, wasteful spending,
and unwarranted burdens placed on generous taxpayers.

We have pored over arcane city budgets, analyzed a plethora of taxes, tried to
educate the public, put forth sensible initiatives. Very few officials listened
and, because they disliked the message, continually tried to marginalize the
messengers.

Thankfully, the day of reckoning may be at hand. We truly need to reckon so that
we can get a clear picture of the problem and move ahead with the hard and
painful job of real solutions. This is the biggest issue facing Berkeley. If we
have no money and few services, and our infrastructure continues its decay, what
kind of Berkeley are we leaving our children?

In a recent Wall Street Journal Market Watch article, Nathalie Tadema advises
that Moody's is reviewing 32 California cities "mostly for potential
downgrades." The particular cities to be reviewed were especially chosen out of
95 rated California cities, and Berkeley is among the chosen. Tadema continues,
"In contrast, the ratings for Los Angeles and San Francisco are on review for an
upgrade ... " because of their economic resiliency.

Berkeley voters have a chance to opt for politicians and measures that focus on
our fiscal health. Jacquelyn McCormick has been at the forefront of the fiscal
accountability effort and deserves our vote for mayor. Meanwhile, Tom Bates
continually tells us Berkeley is in good financial shape and Kriss Worthington
is willfully ignorant and ignoring of the problem.

After observing most council meetings for the last 14 years, I still do not know
what Worthington really stands for. Councilman Max Anderson thinks we have
bigger fish to fry than the city debt!

Voters should vote "yes" on Measure V, the FACTS fiscal accountability citizens
initiative, and "no" on the three ill-conceived tax Measures M, N and O.

It's time for a reality check.

Barbara Gilbert

Berkeley

Proposition 30 is necessary

I feel Proposition 30 is necessary. I hope it's not to late for California.

I am very sad about the opportunity Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger wasted. He had
incredibly good rapport with California voters and with a lot of politicians. If
he had asked for a "pay raise" for the government, he would probably have gotten
it.

Instead he persuaded people we could borrow our way out of debt; he didn't make
any of the tough decisions not to finance new programs with the borrowed money.

So on Nov. 6 we have a chance to make the tough decision that we should have
made in 2006. You are a California voter. Are you tough enough to make the
painful decision to start on "pay-as-we-go" instead of staying in the dream
world of indebtedness?

Teddy Knight

Berkeley

Pandering to PBS enemies

In the Oct. 3 debate with President Obama, besides showing cloddish
insensitivity by declaring his intention to fire Jim Lehrer with the whole
country watching, Gov. Romney let ideology trump economic sense when he made
closing public television a high-priority item for cutting expenditures.

The Corporation for Public Broadcasting provides about $450 million federal
money annually to PBS stations. Although this money covers only about 15 percent
of the station's expenditures, other income coming from contributions of
patrons, grants, commercial interests, state and local governments, and viewers,
the federal money is very important.

Children's and prime-time adult programs such as Sesame Street, the NewsHours,
and NOVA get all their funding from CPB. In fiscal year 2012, this amounted to
$26 million.

The above figures are minuscule when we're talking budgets and deficits of
hundreds of billions and trillions of dollars. Obviously, Romney wasn't giving a
serious answer to Lehrer, who asked him what plan he had to reduce the budget.

Romney was pandering, with a rude attempt at levity, to the enemies of PBS and
was seemingly clueless as to its cultural and educational value.

Larry Waldron

Berkeley

Is our stance hypocritical?

Other than the convenience of following "conventional wisdom," is there any
sound reason Americans should conclude our feelings of anger, hatred, and
frustration toward persons considered to be enemies of the state are more
righteous or reasonable than these same feelings felt by these so-called
terrorists?

Furthermore, can this conventional wisdom be adequate justification for using
torture as a scare tactic, or for exterminating even one of these fellow human
beings untried, unheard, not understood and not even faced by their accusers and
executioners?

Certainly not -- not with honor, not with compassion, definitely not with
courage, nor with a spirit of generosity.

We would do well to take a different angle when looking at what is being done in
our name.

Ron Greenstein

El Cerrito

Evidence that class warfare exists

Attempting to tax the superrich has been labeled "class warfare." Chronic
amnesia must have swallowed Grover Norquist and the GOP.

Over the last three decades, the superrich and all three branches of government
have successfully waged war against ordinary working Americans. It began with
deregulation, transportation, communication, energy, and finance benefiting only
corporations and Wall Street, while eliminating American jobs.

American workers watched their mills and factories close up, their pensions
evaporate and their lives changed to flipping burgers for minimum wages.

The super corrupt Reagan administration continued the dismantling of the middle
class with the help of Congress and more of our high-paying jobs were shipped
overseas. The next three presidents, with the help of Congress, continued to
outsource our jobs to the cheapest bidders overseas and across the border.
White-collar Americans became the next to evaporate, culminating with the Bush
legacy: the 2008 Depression.

The practice continues with today's GOP and their hatred of American workers.
Make them pay for it in November. That's class warfare.

Bill Castellanos

Pinole

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 6, 2010 Friday

Contra Costa Times Aug. 6 Letters from our readers

BYLINE: Letters from our readers Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 664 words


Jobs office?

How about a jobs available office on the U.S.-Mexican border?

I think unbiased minds, using logic and experience, could form a workable system
that would not only create harmony, but a neighborly good will beneficial to
all.

As a security measure, ID cards with photos, fingerprints and other information
would be required. The jobs office would handle all this.

Available jobs would be listed on a big board: Type of work, how many workers
needed, and length of time of each job.

Employers would be solely responsible for transportation, housing and returning
the workers to the border after each job is done.

I realize that criminal activity would require a well-secured building.

Bill McNabb

Hercules

Root problem

I am referring to the Aug. 2 Times article, "Israel plans to deport hundreds of
migrant workers' children."

Why should we ensure Israel's "Jewish character" when we opposed South Africa's
"white character"?

A minority Jewish population expelled the majority Palestinian population in
1948, and has been working hard to expel or marginalize non-Jews ever since.

The expulsion of foreign workers' children is only the latest in this policy,
which is every bit as racist as anything South Africa invented.

Creating and maintaining a state that requires the vast majority of its citizens
to be of a specific ethnicity is the root of all of Israel's problems.

Many races, religions and ethnicities consider Palestine to be their homeland,
without demanding to be the majority or excluding others.

When the people of Israel accept that principle, they will become Jewish
Palestinians and live in peace with all other Palestinians.

Paul Larudee

El Cerrito

Outrage

Letters of outrage against the Israeli flotilla incident where six people died
have been written to this newspaper. Why pick on Israel, our staunch ally in the
Middle East, when great atrocities take place in other parts of the world?

Where are the outraged letters about North Korea sinking a South Korean ship and
killing 54 people?

Where are the letters of outrage about the daily killings in Darfur, or the
deadly bombings in Pakistan and Iraq? What about letters of outrage about using
women and children as suicide bombers?

Where are the letters of outrage against our government sending millions in aid
to the Palestinians, who rejoiced and burned the American flag when the Twin
Towers fell? That truly is an outrage.

Paul Zimmerman

Walnut Creek

More stimulus

In the June 7 Times, David Brooks argued that the first round of economic
stimulus didn't work and another one won't either. I disagree. Further stimulus
is needed.

I suggest a counter-argument in the form of an analogy: On some winter mornings,
when I lived in the Midwest and commuted to work by car, winter temperatures
might plummet to 20 below zero.

The car's electric starter motor would grind away, futility cranking the main
gasoline engine that refused to start.

Why? In those frigid temperatures, the gasoline did not vaporize sufficiently to
ignite.

From the trunk I would retrieve a can of starter fluid which, when squirted into
the carburetor, stimulated the ignition of the cold gasoline and the car would
start.

Our national economy is a car with a fuel-starved engine.

Money fuels the car and there's lots of it in the tank but we are in the midst
of a recessionary freeze. Businesses are afraid to invest.

Consumers are afraid to buy. Stimulus money can provide the extra push to get
the car going.

Rather than wait and hope for warm weather, let's invest in a stimulus so we
need to get to work.

Patrick L. Von Behren

Pleasant Hill

Not racist

The modern tea party, not unlike its 18th century counterpart, is concerned
about high taxes and growing government, as they adversely affect all the human
race.

If that is what the NAACP meant by "racist element," that is me.

I just joined the tea party, and I cordially invite members of the NAACP to join
us if they, too, are concerned about the burden of taxes and big government.

George Saunders

Pleasant Hill

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 6, 2017 Monday

Washington: Culberson Statement on Recent Anti-Semitism

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP John Culberson has issued the following news
release:



 "The Jewish community has been rocked by bomb threats, acts of vandalism and
bigotry over the last month and it has to stop. It is important for every one of
us to stand up and speak out to ensure hateful acts do not spread.





 "Evelyn Rubenstein Jewish Community Center of Houston, a member of Texas'
Congressional District 7, received a threat and had to implement their emergency
plan while police checked their facilities in late February. In early January,
racist and Nazi graffiti showed up in the halls of Memorial High School. Our
friends, neighbors and children are being harassed and are scared in their own
communities.



 "This wave of anti-Israel and anti-Semitic behavior is a dangerous trend and
meant to marginalize the Jewish community. Our country is founded upon freedom
of religion and we must unite to denounce this behavior.



 "These attacks are unacceptable, and I continue to stand with our friends in
Israel and our Jewish friends across the United States."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 17, 2015 Tuesday 1:57 PM GMT

Inclusion of LGBT group in St Patrick's Day parade not enough: NY advocates;
OUT@NBCUniversal has ties to parade's broadcaster and critics across the city
believe event is still discriminatory and marginalises Irish community ·St
Patrick's day parade or charade? Irish Americans divided on gay rights

BYLINE: Kayla Epstein in New York

SECTION: WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 828 words


The New York City St Patrick's Day parade is taking a step toward progress by
allowing an LGBT group to march openly for the first time in the parade's
254-year history, but advocates across the city have voiced strong opposition
that the inclusion of one such group does not go far enough.

On Tuesday, OUT@NBCUniversal, which describes itself as "the employee resource
group for LGBT & Straight Ally employees at NBCUniversal", will march down 5th
Avenue with tens of thousands of fellow revelers, bringing an end to a
decades-long ban that forbade gay groups from openly participating.

However, LGBT advocates across the city argue the decision to allow
OUT@NBCUniversal, which has ties to the parade's broadcaster NBC, is not
inclusive enough.

Related: Boston's St Patrick's Day parade to allow two gay and lesbian groups to
march

The Irish Queers, a group of activists who have long advocated for the parade to
allow LGBT individuals to march openly, said on Sunday that they planned to
protest at the parade on Tuesday morning.

"The parade continues to marginalize and shame Irish LGBTQ people," they said in
a statement. "We hope that next year's parade will finally see the end of
discrimination - and that corporations and others who say they support inclusion
will work with the Irish LGBTQ community, rather than through backroom deals."

They are not alone in their sentiment.

When the organizers' decision to allow OUT@NBCUniversal to march was first
announced last fall, it was met with similar skepticism by several long-time
LGBT advocates who saw the arrangement as lacking transparency and exclusionary
toward other LGBT groups who had fought for years for the ability to march
openly. Those organizations are expected to only be able to apply in future
years.

On 11 March, NBCUniversal posted an interview segment from Shift on MSNBC that
addressed these concerns directly. "It was never our goal, or never the
intention that we be the only gay group allowed to march under a banner, nor did
we know that we would be," said executive vice president and chief diversity
officer Craig Robinson.

Robinson cited NBC's long relationship with the parade as its broadcaster, as
well as the guidance of Frank Comerford, a former marshall of the parade and
currently a senior NBC executive, as the key reason OUT@NBCUniversal was able to
participate.

"We had some access, we had some guidance, and we knew that it took one
group...breaking the ban, needed to break that seal," Robinson said.

Last year, the issue of the LGBT ban came to a head when New York City Mayor
Bill de Blasio, who had recently swept into City Hall with a whirlwind
progressive campaign, announced that he would boycott the parade until all could
march openly regardless of gender or sexuality. The attention around the
controversial ban sparked a furor that resulted in major sponsors, including
Guinness, withdrawing support from the parade, not to mention mountains of bad
press for the organizers.

A similar fight that took place over the South Boston St Patrick's Day parade
over an LGBT group's attempt to march also added significant fuel to the fire,
and made the parades' policies of exclusion a national story in 2014.

This year, Boston's parade allowed two LGBT groups to march for the first time.
"With this year's parade, Boston is putting years of controversy behind us,"
Mayor Marty Walsh said.

Guinness is also back on board as a sponsor of New York City's parade, but that
doesn't mean elected officials are too.

As they did last year, de Blasio and city council members are set to boycott
2015's St Patrick's Day parade.

At the smaller, historically inclusive St Pat's For All parade in Queens earlier
this month, de Blasio let it be known that he believed the 5th Avenue parade's
organizers had not gone far enough.

"A lot of people feel, I think rightfully, that that is too small a change to
merit a lot of us participating who have wanted to see an inclusive parade," he
said, according to the New York Times.

City council speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito released a strongly worded statement,
saying, "Half measures will not suffice for a parade that should be open to
everyone regardless of who they are or whom they love. It is my hope that
someday soon parade organizers will realize that a more inclusive parade will be
a better parade and will finally allow LGBTQ groups to march under their own
banners. Proud Irish New Yorkers should not be forced to hide their identities -
period."

Robinson used his video appearance to address the concerns of de Blasio and
skeptics directly. "I would say that we have long said that we agree. We agree
that the parade should be more inclusive than this move even indicates," he
said.

"But what we know is that sometimes progress comes in steps," he continued. "We
are excited to be the first group to help break the ban with the hopes that in
subsequent years, the parade will be much more inclusive."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Has library tuned out teenagers?

BYLINE: GAIL ROSENBLUM; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: VARIETY; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 811 words


The launch of a new website hardly is newsworthy anymore, even if it is
mobile-friendly, chock full of fresh resources and boasting an improved search
engine.

So the developers of Hennepin County Library's "improved" website, which was to
debut in early October, might be surprised to discover that librarians, not
generally considered the most raucous among us, have quite the loud roar.

The librarians' displeasure with the new website is due in part to lack of
transparency and public input as the site was being created - an ironic twist,
occurring as it did under the roof of society's most revered institution of free
and open information.

Mostly, though, they're alarmed by the decision to shut down two highly popular
youth websites, KidLinks and TeenLinks, which receive thousands of young
visitors weekly.

The information for kids, which includes book recommendations, connections to
homework help and a teen-centric events calendar, hasn't disappeared. It's been
merged into the greater adult website, which promises better eBook access and
new ways "to use the library resources you love."

Some vocal teen and adult librarians say that the shift marginalizes tech-savvy
young people and, ultimately, will push them away to other sites.

"Engaging online spaces that cultivated the love of reading have disappeared,
replaced by a single page of staff-developed book lists shoehorned into a site
clearly developed for adults," said a frustrated Glenn Peterson. He retired in
February 2013 after 29 years with Hennepin County Library, the last 18 years
overseeing the library's website.

In May, Peterson launched an online petition to ask that the decision be
reversed. More than 140 media specialists have signed it.

"I definitely appreciate Hennepin County Library's efforts to provide a website
that's mobile-friendly," said signer Melissa Glavas, library media specialist
for Richfield High School. She has used TeenLinks and KidLinks and calls them
"fabulous resources." She added, "So it would be great for teens and kids to
continue to have their own unique access and experience on the new website."

"My students love this site," writes another resource librarian supporting the
petition. "I use it with my classes each year. It is a great way to promote
lifelong learning."

As the mom of teens, I have to agree. There's something grand about giving kids
their own place and space outside of the adult world they're forced to navigate
on a daily basis with demanding parents, teachers, coaches and bosses.

To understand how great the great divide can be for young people, take a quick
stroll around the Teen Center at Minneapolis Central Library with its beanbag
chairs and board games, graphic novels from floor to ceiling, a Best Buy Teen
Tech Center where they can compose music and create videos and 12 computers with
signs reading "Reserved for use by teens ages 12 to 19."

Everybody else out.

They should get to experience that validation in cyberspace, too.

Library spokeswoman Ali Turner responded that during the two-year conversation
around website development, she's heard not a word of worry about the
teen-access issue.

"We've had hundreds of comments," said Turner, division manager for system
services, "and have not heard any concerns from our library staff, nor patrons."
Library staffers have been able to preview the site for the past two weeks, she
said, noting that it is "far more image-intensive, less tab-based and more like
Pinterest."

"The decision to move away from the TeenLinks brand came out of research that
even teens don't always want to go to the teen area," she said. "We've grown
beyond that way of thinking since the previous site was launched 10 years ago."

Peterson is sticking to his guns. He said that killing off KidLinks and
TeenLinks is "a huge mistake."

He said, "Of the top 50 most frequently accessed pages [on the Hennepin County
Library site], six are on KidLinks, four are on TeenLinks - that's 20 percent of
the sample."

He reviewed comparable library websites around the country and discovered that
10 out of 10 have links on their home pages to sites specifically for youths.
Highly respected educational organizations, including the Smithsonian and
National Geographic, continue to offer sites designed for youths, he added.

Melinda Barry, media specialist for the Minnetonka School District, has found
great value in accessing KidLinks and TeenLinks over the years, but she's
worry-free as she waits to see the new site.

"They assured me that kid and teen content is not going away, that it's just a
change," said Barry, who has worked as a media specialist for 13 years.

"I trust them. It's just a matter of teaching children how to use the new site,"
she said.

So kids and teens, please take a look at the new website and let us know:

How's it working for you?

gail.rosenblum@startribune.com

612-673-7350

Twitter: @grosenblum

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday

Committee almost ready to redraw supervisor districts in San Mateo County

BYLINE: By Bonnie Eslinger Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 616 words


A committee formed to review the boundaries of San Mateo County's five
supervisorial districts next month will consider redrawing them to ensure the
districts represent roughly the same number of people and don't weaken the
voting power of any ethnic or racial group.

The redistricting effort is driven by a lawsuit settlement reached in February
with a group of Asian and Latino voters who claimed the county's at-large system
for electing supervisors marginalizes them. In November, 58.7 percent of voters
approved ditching that system in favor of one that elects supervisors by
district and is used by every other county in California.

To educate the public about redistricting and solicit comments, the county held
four public meetings this month in four of the five districts. About 15 to 20
people showed up for the first two meetings, in San Mateo and Half Moon Bay, and
about 60 people attended the session in Daly City, according to county spokesman
Marshall Wilson.

About 35 people went to Tuesday's redistricting meeting in East Palo Alto. Julio
Garcia, an East Palo Alto resident, said he has seen only one flier in the
community about the meetings.

"We're very concerned about the lack of outreach to the community," Garcia said.
"This is very serious for us."

Annie Loya, an East Palo Alto resident and an alternate on the nine-member
committee that includes elected representatives as well as residents from each
district, said the stakes are high.

"What happens if the community doesn't get involved in this process, what
happens if the lines are drawn badly, and what does badly mean?" Loya asked.

Douglas Johnson, president of the county-commissioned National Demographics
Corp., said boundary lines determine voting power.

"Ninety-five percent of the time a community wants to be kept together so it has
as much voting power in the election for that one supervisor as possible and
thus, theoretically, as much influence with that one supervisor as possible," he
said.

At the start of Tuesday's meeting, Robert Rubin, one of the attorneys who sued
the county on the basis that its at-large system violated the California Voting
Rights Act, said he is disturbed that the county was introducing the
redistricting process at the meetings without mentioning the lawsuit.

"The county was brought kicking and screaming to the table only because of the
lawsuit," Rubin said.

The county has insisted that the at-large system does not discriminate against
minority voters and argued that it's preferable because it forces the
supervisors to be accountable to all county residents, not just those in their
districts.

Near the end of the 90-minute meeting, Supervisor Adrienne Tissier encouraged
attendees to spread the word about the redistricting effort.

She warned that those who "scream louder than others" tend to have more
influence. "If you squeeze the balloon here, it's got to come out somewhere
else," she said.

At the meeting in Daly City, residents pleaded for the committee not to divide
the city. "We don't even know where they got that rumor," Tissier said. "We have
drawn no maps."

Ultimately, Tissier said, the committee doesn't "have to change a thing if we
don't want to." She said the Board of Supervisors will have final say after
receiving the committee's recommendations.

Suggested boundary changes will be presented to the board in early fall and the
district maps could be adopted by October or November, according to Johnson.

The next Supervisorial District Lines Advisory Committee meeting will be
Thursday, July 11, at 6:30 p.m. in the Millbrae Community Center, 477 Lincoln
Circle.

Email Bonnie Eslinger atbeslinger@dailynewsgroup.com ; follow her
attwitter.com/bonnieeslinger .

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday

LACERATION WILL HEAL, BUT RELATIONSHIP WITH FANS WILL NEVER BE SAME

BYLINE: and MIKE VACCARO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 662 words


THE SAD part is this: Amar'e Stoudemire really had a chance to be everything we
want our star athletes to be in New York City. He is gregarious. He is funny.
From his first moments as a Knick he seemed to understand what it meant to be a
franchise player making franchise money.

He went to premieres. He showed his face in the right places.

You'd see him in New York magazine's "Intelligencer" pages all the time. And,
best of all, he broke from the gate fast. He wasn't a Knick 20 games when he had
the fans at Madison Square Garden chanting "M-V-P!" Now, even then, if you'd
spiked those fans' $10 beers with some sodium pentothal, even they would have
told you he was a flawed player.

But that barely mattered. By himself, Stoudemire made the Knicks matter again.
His presence allowed some slivers of light to brighten the thick shroud that had
settled at the Garden for a decade. It seemed impossible for him to screw that
up.

But he's screwed that up.

And don't you dare blame Carmelo Anthony, or anyone else, for that. Did the
addition of Anthony marginalize Stoudemire to a degree, both on the court and in
the marketplace? It's impossible to argue any other way.

Has it been torturous to watch them figure out how to play together across the
past 15 months?

At times, yes, they've been so awkward together they can make dusty memories of
Bob McAdoo and Spencer Haywood seem like Clyde and Pearl at their peak.

But Knicks fans would have forgiven that. There was still a charm to Stoudemire,
and he still had a knack for saying all the right things. As recently as early
March, after the Knicks had been thumped by the Spurs in San Antonio, Stoudemire
offered a hint into his tortured soul about life on an underachieving team.

"You look at the way that team plays, that's the way we should be able to play,"
Stoudemire said admiringly of the Spurs. "This is the deepest team I've ever
played on, we have talent that's off the charts, everyone can play. But that
team knows how to win." He paused. "And I want to win," he said, "worse than
anything." But you have to wonder now how much he really meant that and how much
of it was Stoudemire saying what he believed he ought to be saying. You have to
wonder how much of his career as a Knick has been predicated on the same
surface-level belief. Look, if what happened the other night in Miami was a
one-time deal, maybe you could look at it as an isolated burst of bad judgment.

But it wasn't. Amazingly, he did a similar thing last year.Amazingly, in the
same exact game, Game 2 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals, he displayed a
galling, appalling lack of self-control and an immaturity that compromised the
Knicks to a point where it's almost impossible to see them even pushing this
series back to Miami.

This time around, it was a temper fueled confrontation between his left hand and
a fire extinguisher's protective glass that shredded his skin and likely ended
his season.

Last year, he was goofing off before Game 2 against the Celtics in Boston's TD
Garden when he hurt his back in the layup line, of all places, this after having
he turned in a brilliant 28-point, 11-rebound effort in Game 1 that nearly
stunned the C's. Diminished by his bad back, he scored just 30 points the rest
of the series and was an astonishing minus-51 across those last three games.

He was given a pass then. That was his mulligan, even if it cost him his entire
offseason, even if it set him back in this sawed-off season, even if he was
never quite himself.

New York wanted to forgive. Carmelo was the bad guy, right?He was the
ball-stopper! He was the selfish one.

Question: Could you ever envision Melo doing anything like this? Ever? No.

That's Stoudemire's folly to answer for, for now and for the rest of his time
here. He went to see a specialist yesterday. But there's only one place where he
could possibly find the treatment he needs most.

The Hospital for Special Stupidity.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

Let Jimmy Carter speak

BYLINE: MICHAEL D. FELSEN

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 752 words



HIGHLIGHT: The writer is an attorney and president of the Boston chapter and on
the National Executive Board of Workmen's Circle, a 100-year old Jewish communal
organization committed to promoting social justice and the celebration of
Jewish/Yiddish education and culture.


Great numbers of American Jews care fervently for the welfare of the State of
Israel, as do so many of the civic and religious organizations that represent
them. The deep commitment to Israel's survival and wellbeing - in the face of
enormous challenges - takes innumerable forms, among them material, political,
and spiritual.

Alongside the many positive manifestations of American Jewish support for
Israel, however, a divisive and troubling tendency has appeared in recent years.
It takes the form of concerted organizational efforts to silence, or at least
marginalize, voices within the Jewish community that express points of view -
such as, perhaps, criticism of particular Israeli governmental policies, or
support for Palestinian human rights - deemed out of step with the Jewish
mainstream perspective on the Israel/Palestine situation. These efforts arise
from a belief that the voicing of certain views by Jews or Jewish groups is
inimical to Israel's interests, as particular organizations or individuals see
them, and, hence, should be suppressed.

The suppression takes various forms. It includes charges that the speakers are
anti-Semitic, or are promoting anti-Semitism, or are "self-hating Jews."
Speaking engagements are boycotted. And Jewish organizations that express these
unpopular views may be deemed "marginal" or "extremist" and denied a place at
the Jewish organizational table.

This mindset, and the tactics implemented in support of it, are wrong. Dissent
and debate have always been an integral part of the life of the Jewish
community, and the fact that the subject is Israel should not alter that norm.
Indeed, in Israel debate on such topics is far more robust than it is here in
the United States. Israelis apparently recognize, better than their American
counterparts, that the expression of disparate viewpoints enhances the quality
of thinking about an issue, even if solutions remain elusive. As the Jewish-Arab
conflicts of the past 100 years - including the 60 since the founding of Israel
- have shown, no quick and easy answer has leapt off the page, and no single
viewpoint epitomizing the best interests of Israel and the Jewish people has
emerged triumphant. But the kind of deep understanding needed to tackle
difficult problems is far more likely to emerge in a room resounding with
vibrant debate, rather than one in which distasteful or provocative views are,
by fiat or innuendo, left unsaid.

A RECENT example comes to mind: How many American Jewish organizations,
intending to claim a "place at the table," would venture to host an evening with
former President and Nobel Laureate Jimmy Carter, author of the much-reviled
Palestine Peace Not Apartheid? One need only recall the uproar when
Jewish-identified Brandeis University, located in the liberal bastion that is
Greater Boston, offered the stage to Carter in January, 2007.

Carter is, of course, back in the news, this time on a private peace mission to
the Middle East that included a meeting with Hamas leader Khaled Mashal. The
Bush administration has chided Carter, and the Olmert government has effectively
boycotted him. And yet Haaretz published on April 15 an editorial entitled "Our
Debt to Jimmy Carter," acknowledging his contribution to bringing a lasting
peace between Israel and Egypt, and declaring that for this he "deserves the
respect reserved for royalty for the rest of his life." There's not much
likelihood that any American Jewish newspaper would even consider penning those
words.

The intractable plight of the Israeli and Palestinian people cries out for all
the help that insiders - and outsiders - can bring, toward finding answers that
will work, albeit imperfectly, for both peoples. An answer that serves Israelis
but not Palestinians is doomed to fail. All views - offered in good faith and
with recognition of the histories and current realities, and hopes and fears of
each group - should be heard and listened to.

They should be debated, dissected, and criticized. Ultimately, some ideas will
be set aside as untenable. But none of these viewpoints, and none of their
proponents, should be blacklisted or ridiculed or considered unclean.
Thoughtful, respectful, inclusive discussion of the Israel/Palestine situation
is the norm the American Jewish community ought to champion, without litmus
tests for participation, or topics excised as taboo. The current exclusionary
approach betrays the earnest pursuit of the truth, and compromises our ability
to find badly-needed answers.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The former president (Credit: AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        May 9, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

Iraqi prison abuse issue jars U.S. ideal of women

BYLINE: MICHELLE HISKEY

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1003 words


The photos of female American soldiers abusing nude and hooded Iraqi prisoners
hit Melissa Embser-Herbert on several levels.

As a former military police officer with the U.S. Army, she was horrified that
no one, male or female, refused to follow a clearly unlawful order.

As a sociology professor, she was not surprised that a woman in a traditionally
male profession would not speak out against the abuse. "Why would a woman who
was somewhat marginalized do something to marginalize herself further?" she
said.

"I suspect there are a lot of women who have a gut reaction that this takes [the
war] into a whole new realm," said Embser-Herbert, associate professor at
Hamline University in St. Paul, Minn. "Just stereotypically speaking, women
don't expect women to do these things."

Gender not a factor

But some Americans --- including some feminist and media scholars --- say the
atrocities have nothing to do with gender. This is about soldiers out of
control.

"It's actually sexist to think that somehow the bar is higher for women, that
women in war have more of an obligation than men do to keep things as fair and
humane as possible, and that seeing women break the rules of law and of dignity
is more offensive than seeing men do it," said Tamara Sobel, director of the
Girls, Women and Media Project. "That is a dangerous double standard. Of course,
this kind of thing is horrific and offensive beyond words when anyone does it."

Some who oppose women's expanded roles in the military see the images as the
perversion of American women and the civilization they symbolize to many. It's a
slope made slippery a decade ago when females were allowed closeness to combat
roles.

The photos from Abu Ghraib prison show Americans what they've never seen their
women do: gleefully debase prisoners of war. That has provoked a wide range of
visceral reactions among Americans based upon whatever special role and
perception --- if any --- they think women should have in our culture and
military.

The issue is far removed from how the images play in the Middle East, where a
woman taking part in the submission of naked Arab men is a grave indignity. To
Gordon Newby, Emory professor of Middle Eastern studies, women abusers "ratchet
up" the shame, anger and perception that the war on terrorism is a conspiracy to
conquer and humiliate Arabs, whose cultural and religious (Muslim) customs
forbid women from power and authority.

The humiliation was intended to break down prisoners and make them willing to
talk to interrogators, Spc. Sabrina Harman, a military police officer charged
with abusing detainees, said in an interview with The Washington Post.

Feminine images

The photos hit American homes just before Mother's Day, a holiday celebrating
women's role as nurturers. The reason Americans may react so strongly to the
images may lie in that feminine ideal.

Beginning in World War II, Americans embraced the notion that they were fighting
to defend a way of life, symbolized by a woman tending the homefires.

"In the war context, women often represented a civilizing force," said Amy
Kaplan, a professor of American studies at the University of Pennsylvania who
has examined the role of women and symbols of gender in the war in Iraq. "They
represent the innocence of the home front, but these pictures show when they are
involved in battle they can be as ruthless and predatory as men."

She sees the "dark flip side of the Pvt. Jessica Lynch story" in the face of
Army Pfc. Lynndie R. England, who is shown in photos pointing to prisoners'
genitals and leading one on a leash.

Lynch, who served in a noncombat unit and whose rescue was widely celebrated,
allowed Americans to cling to their mythology of women in wartime both as modern
soldiers and weaklings needing protection,

The images of women serving in the military entered the national consciousness
in World War II. They signed up for clerical and nursing duties, heeding the
recruiting slogan, "Free a man to fight."

With the end of the draft in 1973, more women found a place in the all-volunteer
army. Feminist "essentialists" expected that military women in power would wield
that power more thoughtfully. The prison photos suggest otherwise.

In 1994, the Clinton administration eased some restrictions that allowed women
closer roles in combat.

Elaine Donnelly, who served on the Presidential Commission on the Assignment of
Women in the Armed Services, believes the distractions of gender mixing in coed
basic training contributed to the immaturity of the American guards at Abu
Ghraib.

Shock, and awe

She likened the photos to the military's Super Bowl halftime show with its
breast-baring incident. Both, she said, are shocking for an American public that
generally ignores how risque pop musicians demean women and a military that
allows women recruits to undermine battle readiness.

Lory Manning, a retired Navy captain who directs the Women in the Military
Project at the Women's Research and Education Institute, believes the officers
involved --- including at least one woman, Brig. Gen. Janis Karpinski of the
800th MP Brigade, who has been issued a career-ending letter of reprimand ---
"were clueless. You have a whole structure of rotten leadership under very tough
circumstances. It was a 'Lord of the Flies' situation, with the young soldiers
at the bottom of this rotten chain turning brutal."

Psychological studies have shown that normal people have a ready capacity to
inflict harm when a supervisor tells them to keep going. Embser-Herbert believes
that if someone had showed a dog leash a year ago and said she would be using it
to dominate a prisoner of war, "she would have been as horrified as people who
have seen that photo of her have been."

That doesn't excuse the mistreatment in Iraq, but prompts Embser-Herbert to ask,
"Is the surprise not that it happened, or happened with women, but that it
doesn't happen more often, given all the systemic factors?"

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Pfc. Lynndie R. England of Fort Ashby, W.Va., was shown among
others in photos that shocked the world, pointing to Iraqi prisoners' genitals
and leading one on a leash. / Cumberland (W. Va.) Times-News
ME: The fourth paragraph under "feminine images" section ends with a comma.

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

Speechdividespoliticians

BYLINE: Karen Shuey

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 543  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Disappointing.

Ambitious.

Partisan.

That's how congressional lawmakers who represent Lancaster County described
President Barack Obama's State of the Union address Tuesday night.

Local political experts and leaders said the president laid out a hefty agenda
in his speech, a plan that does little to encourage both sides to work together.

Republican U.S. Rep. Joe Pitts said Obama failed to set the tone for
bipartisanship among the nation's leaders in his address, adding that his
comments could have further divided Americans instead of bringing them together.

"It was more like campaign rhetoric than a State of the Union address," he said.
"I'm not sure his proposals could even get through a Democrat-controlled
Congress."

Political scientist G. Terry Madonna agreed.

"It was clear that Obama was building a case to further marginalize the
Republican Party as much as possible," the director of Franklin & Marshall
College's Center for Politics and Public Affairs said.

The speech focused heavily on Obama's desire to build the middle class from the
inside out as opposed to the top down. The county's legislative delegation split
along party lines when it came to most issues.

Democrat U.S. Sen. Bob Casey said in a telephone conference call with reporters
that he believed Obama set out a "reasonable" blueprint that members of both
parties should be able to embrace.

"When it comes to accusations of partisan politics, I'm tired of people in this
town pointing the finger at others," he said.

With a theme of strengthening the middle class, Obama discussed programs to
create jobs and proposed spending public money on education, manufacturing,
infrastructure and clean energy.

"I think Obama did a great job reaching out to the broad middle of the American
people - not just the middle class," Casey said.

Casey welcomed Obama's emphasis on jobs and the need for investments in the
manufacturing sector.

U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey also appreciated the economic iniatives put forth by Obama,
but had different ideas about how to achieve those goals.

Becoming less reliant on foreign oil is key to strong economic growth, the
Republican said in a statement.

"We could start our energy profile by improving the Keystone Pipeline, creating
thousands and thousands of jobs, including many in Pennsylvania, that would go
toward the development of that pipeline and helping North American oil to flow,"
he said.

U.S. Rep. Pat Meehan, meanwhile, wasn't impressed by Obama's vision to reign in
spending.

"I fear that the agenda he laid out will just lead to more of the same: more
debt, more regulations, more government and fewer jobs," the Republican said in
a statement. "I'm also disappointed by Obama's call for higher taxes. Enough is
enough. We cannot tax our way out of our fiscal mess."

Although the speech had a deep focus on job creation and the economy, there was
no shortage of attention to the controversial social issues that top the
president's to-do list.

Obama made a robust case for limiting guns, overhauling immigration and
protecting entitlement programs, and he may have done so at the risk of
alienating Republicans.

"Based on the language in his speech, he shows an unwillingness to sit down and
negotiate on these issues," Pitts said.

kshuey@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: G. T. Madonna
Rep. Pitts
Rep. Meehan
Vice President Joe Biden, Left, And House Speaker John Boehner Applaud President
Barack Obama Tuesday Night As He Delivers His State Of The Union Address.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Chambersburg Public Opinion (Pennsylvania)

                             March 17, 2008 Monday

Our view: Sunshine Week urges government illumination

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 305 words


Sunshine Week 2008 started Sunday, and throughout the next several days media
outlets across the country will be trumpeting the importance of open government.

The recent enactment of a greatly-improved Pennsylvania open records law
provided residents with numerous chances to educate themselves on state
government transparency and reform.

But more often than not, local government decisions carry the most direct impact
upon citizens. Furthermore, local government officials can face greater pressure
to keep proceedings and deliberations secret, owing to their personal and
professional connections with friends, neighbors, the community in general.

As a result, many of the transparency issues in Harrisburg are equally
applicable to local governments, and deserve special emphasis during a week
dedicated to open government nationwide.

No doubt some will marginalize media concern over this issue as self-serving
grandstanding. But we serve as another set of eyes and ears on the public's
behalf. So what serves us also happens to serve you, the reading and thinking
public.

Besides, one does not have to be a journalist to seek government information.
One of the themes of Sunshine Week is individual citizens should feel empowered
to request records and information whenever necessary. Later this week, we'll
use this space to outline some ways to go about doing that.

Principles underlying the new state open records law apply to local governments
as well, so we encourage local officials to embrace the spirit of reform.

Instead of seeking loopholes and means to undermine the new law, we encourage
local officials to remember to whom they're accountable -- the residents who
elected them to represent their interests.

They call it the people's business for a reason.

-- By Matthew Major, no behalf of Public Opinion's editorial board

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

Supreme Court of Virginia refuses Disthene appeal

BYLINE: Peter Vieth

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 392  words


A court-ordered breakup of a family-owned central Virginia mining corporation
will stand.

The Supreme Court of Virginia on Friday refused to review the decision of
Circuit Judge Jane M. Roush calling for a sell-off of assets of The Disthene
Group Inc., including a lucrative mineral operation in Buckingham County and the
historic Cavalier Hotel in Virginia Beach.

Roush already had appointed a receiver to wind up and liquidate the corporation.
The Supreme Court earlier denied a request to block the dissolution pending the
possible appeal.

The refusal of the petition for appeal upholds Roush's Aug. 30 opinion that
capped a three-week trial at the Buckingham County courthouse. The judge
recounted multiple instances of oppressive behavior by company president Gene
Dixon Jr., who allegedly treated family outsiders - minority shareholders - as
"irksome interlopers. "

Roush described a textbook case of a corporate "squeeze-out," with a control
group using its power to eliminate or marginalize other owners without fair
payment. The drastic remedy of dissolution was justified, she said, by the
"longstanding oppression" of shareholders as well as misuse of corporate assets.

In a companion case, Roush this month ruled that the minority shareholders will
be allowed to proceed with conspiracy claims - carrying the possibility of
treble damages - against the controlling owners of the company. That lawsuit is
set for a two week trial in June in Buckingham County.

The Supreme Court's decision to uphold the Disthene breakup came just three days
after a court panel heard argument on the petition for appeal.

Thomas M. Wolf of Richmond, who represented the minority shareholders, said it
was not surprising the appeal was refused, considering the detailed factual
findings recited by Roush in her opinion. If the Dixon family succeeded, Wolf
said, the description of their actions would be "a blueprint for legal
oppression of minority shareholders in Virginia," Wolf said in an email. "That's
a scary thought.  It would be horrible for small businesses trying to attract
investors," he added.

A call for comment to Alan D. Wingfield of Richmond, counsel for the Dixons, was
not immediately returned.

http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 6, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

'BLOB' ARCHITECTURE;
Sprawl Is Good, Too

SECTION: Section 2; Page 4; Column 3; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 294 words



To the Editor:

Herbert Muschamp suggests that city dwellers are a species apart, bound by "an
ethical fiber," and that "the function of a city is to refuse everything less
than the best." Yet today transportation, communications and the Internet enable
even once remote areas to participate in urban life. The claim of superiority
for city lovers seems to be a last effort to stake out a territory unsullied by
sprawl, commercial culture, the Interstate -- by the fabric of our everyday
lives, which, by inference, are unethical, tasteless and less than the best. For
me, this position is defensive, self-serving, shallow, elitist and plain
wrong-headed.

The fashionable architects Mr. Muschamp lauds spend their time morphing used
chewing gum shapes into Blah-Blobs, while the reality of the everyday American
landscape goes unnoticed. Their one redeeming quality is the descriptive humor
of their name -- how can you not like a movement that calls itself Blob
Architects? But real innovation would be to engage architecture, urban thought
and design with the fabric of everyday life. Instead of sitting in ethical and
aesthetic judgment on how the rest of us live, architects should recognize
sprawl as a vital form of the contemporary "city." Why can't we work
artistically rather than polemically with today's new merging of high and low
culture to form a commerce-driven mass culture? Architects' head-in-the-Blob
position further marginalizes the profession, disconnecting it from what's
vital. Architecture, cities and even sprawl are about life -- it's not the other
way round.

SUSAN NIGRA SNYDER
Philadelphia

The writer is a member of the urban design faculty in the Graduate School of
Fine Arts at the University of Pennsylvania.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

What happens when people are treated like pollution?

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 In cities where homeless persons are viewed as an "environmental
contaminant"--a form of pollution, efforts to purge the homeless from the area
tend to push them to the fringes of the community and diminish their access to
the urban environment and the resources it provides, according to an article
published in Environmental Justice, a peer-reviewed journal published by Mary
Ann Liebert, Inc. publishers. The article is available free on the Environmental
Justice website until November 28, 2016.





 In the article, "Treating People Like Pollution: Homelessness and Environmental
Injustice," Eric Bonds, PhD and Leslie Martin, PhD, University of Mary
Washington, Fredericksburg, VA, focus on the homeless population of
Fredericksburg, Virginia, a small city and distant suburb of Washington, DC. The
authors provide compelling information and arguments to demonstrate how both
official and unofficial movements and exclusionary policies from within
communities reduce the visible existence of homeless populations. This
important, and too often under-recognized environmental injustice, marginalizes
homeless persons, making them feel less safe and unable to access community
resources that may provide shelter, meals, and other social services.



 "This article is important in elucidating the human costs of environmental
indifference to those who we perceive as "others" in our society," says
Environmental Justice Editor-in-Chief Sylvia Hood Washington, PhD, MSE, MPH, and
a LEED AP, and Sustainability Director, Environmental Health Research
Associates, LLC. "The authors make a significant contribution to the field of
environmental injustice by including the homeless in our understanding of who
suffers from environmental disenfranchisement."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

What happens when people are treated like pollution?

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 In cities where homeless persons are viewed as an "environmental
contaminant"--a form of pollution, efforts to purge the homeless from the area
tend to push them to the fringes of the community and diminish their access to
the urban environment and the resources it provides, according to an article
published in Environmental Justice, a peer-reviewed journal published by Mary
Ann Liebert, Inc. publishers. The article is available free on the Environmental
Justice website until November 28, 2016.





 In the article, "Treating People Like Pollution: Homelessness and Environmental
Injustice," Eric Bonds, PhD and Leslie Martin, PhD, University of Mary
Washington, Fredericksburg, VA, focus on the homeless population of
Fredericksburg, Virginia, a small city and distant suburb of Washington, DC. The
authors provide compelling information and arguments to demonstrate how both
official and unofficial movements and exclusionary policies from within
communities reduce the visible existence of homeless populations. This
important, and too often under-recognized environmental injustice, marginalizes
homeless persons, making them feel less safe and unable to access community
resources that may provide shelter, meals, and other social services.



 "This article is important in elucidating the human costs of environmental
indifference to those who we perceive as "others" in our society," says
Environmental Justice Editor-in-Chief Sylvia Hood Washington, PhD, MSE, MPH, and
a LEED AP, and Sustainability Director, Environmental Health Research
Associates, LLC. "The authors make a significant contribution to the field of
environmental injustice by including the homeless in our understanding of who
suffers from environmental disenfranchisement."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

Committee almost ready to redraw supervisor districts in San Mateo County

BYLINE: Bonnie Eslinger, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


June 27--A committee formed to review the boundaries of San Mateo County's five
supervisorial districts next month will consider redrawing them to ensure the
districts represent roughly the same number of people and don't weaken the
voting power of any ethnic or racial group.

The redistricting effort is driven by a lawsuit settlement reached in February
with a group of Asian and Latino voters who claimed the county's at-large system
for electing supervisors marginalizes them. In November, 58.7 percent of voters
approved ditching that system in favor of one that elects supervisors by
district and is used by every other county in California.

To educate the public about redistricting and solicit comments, the county held
four public meetings this month in four of the five districts. About 15 to 20
people showed up for the first two meetings, in San Mateo and Half Moon Bay, and
about 60 people attended the session in Daly City, according to county spokesman
Marshall Wilson.

About 35 people went to Tuesday's redistricting meeting in East Palo Alto. Julio
Garcia, an East Palo Alto resident, said he has seen only one flier in the
community about the meetings.

"We're very concerned about the lack of outreach to the community," Garcia said.
"This is very serious for us."

Annie Loya, an East Palo Alto resident and an alternate on the nine-member
committee that includes elected representatives as well as residents from each
district, said the stakes

are high.

"What happens if the community doesn't get involved in this process, what
happens if the lines are drawn badly, and what does badly mean?" Loya asked.

Douglas Johnson, president of the county-commissioned National Demographics
Corp., said boundary lines determine voting power.

"Ninety-five percent of the time a community wants to be kept together so it has
as much voting power in the election for that one supervisor as possible and
thus, theoretically, as much influence with that one supervisor as possible," he
said.

At the start of Tuesday's meeting, Robert Rubin, one of the attorneys who sued
the county on the basis that its at-large system violated the California Voting
Rights Act, said he is disturbed that the county was introducing the
redistricting process at the meetings without mentioning the lawsuit.

"The county was brought kicking and screaming to the table only because of the
lawsuit," Rubin said.

The county has insisted that the at-large system does not discriminate against
minority voters and argued that it's preferable because it forces the
supervisors to be accountable to all county residents, not just those in their
districts.

Near the end of the 90-minute meeting, Supervisor Adrienne Tissier encouraged
attendees to spread the word about the redistricting effort.

She warned that those who "scream louder than others" tend to have more
influence. "If you squeeze the balloon here, it's got to come out somewhere
else," she said.

At the meeting in Daly City, residents pleaded for the committee not to divide
the city. "We don't even know where they got that rumor," Tissier said. "We have
drawn no maps."

Ultimately, Tissier said, the committee doesn't "have to change a thing if we
don't want to." She said the Board of Supervisors will have final say after
receiving the committee's recommendations.

Suggested boundary changes will be presented to the board in early fall and the
district maps could be adopted by October or November, according to Johnson.

The next Supervisorial District Lines Advisory Committee meeting will be
Thursday, July 11, at 6:30 p.m. in the Millbrae Community Center, 477 Lincoln
Circle.

Email Bonnie Eslinger at beslinger@dailynewsgroup.com; follow her at
twitter.com/bonnieeslinger.

___ (c)2013 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130627-PL-Committee-almost-ready-to-redraw-supervisor-districts-in-San-Mateo-C
ounty-0627-20130627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2013 Palo Alto Daily News


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 23, 2009 Thursday
                                  City Edition

SENATORS BACK SERVICE MEMBERS ;
Terrorist report 'hurtful'

BYLINE: JULIE BISBEE, Capitol Bureau <br> jbisbee@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 243 words


A state senator and retired Army colonel blasted a federal report that says
terrorist groups could recruit disgruntled military veterans.

"This is hurtful," said Sen. Steve Russell, R-Oklahoma City.

"It's a slam in the face and then a slug in the gut for people who put their
nation's freedom before their own life."

The report, issued last week by the Department of Homeland Security, says
veterans could be among those who join extremist groups or hold extremist views.
In a resolution passed by the state Senate on Wednesday, Russell said the
resolution was a "blatant attempt" to "marginalize the mainstream views of tens
of millions of Americans.

With a handful of GOP senators standing behind, Russell spoke at a news
conference about the resolution and said it was profiling a group  unfairly.

"We have fought terrorists; we have not become them," Russell said.

Last week's report began under the Bush administration and was published under
the Obama administration, said Sen. Charlie Laster, D-Shawnee.

"The language contained in the report is unfortunate and inappropriate," he
said. "While we may disagree, some of us strongly, I still rise to make it clear
that the Democratic caucus supports our servicemen and the commander in chief.
While we may disagree, we will attempt to keep politics out of the statements
and try to be a unifying force in the state of Oklahoma and the country we
love."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 6, 2007 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

As Musharraf's Woes Grow, Enter an Old Rival, Again

BYLINE: By SOMINI SENGUPTA; Carlotta Gall contributed reporting from Kabul,
Afghanistan.

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Foreign Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1117 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI, April 5


As the Pakistani president, Gen. Pervez Musharraf, wrestles with swelling public
disaffection over his rule, one of his key political rivals, Benazir Bhutto, has
embarked on an international campaign to revive her political standing.

In recent weeks, Ms. Bhutto, 53, a former prime minister and the leader of the
Pakistan People's Party who has lived in exile since 1999, has stepped up her
criticism of the Taliban who operate in the remote regions of the country. She
has sought to marginalize Islamist political parties from an opposition party
alliance that has emerged in anticipation of elections later this year.

Seeking to assure Washington that she would be a staunch ally, she has suggested
that as an elected leader, she would be more credible in selling antiterrorism
efforts to the public than General Musharraf, who has been criticized by
Washington for a mixed record in combating the Taliban and Al Qaeda within
Pakistan's borders. She has even brought her campaign here, to the capital of
her nation's archrival: India.

''I don't think our present regime has been able to dissociate my country's name
with terrorism, and I believe a popular democratic government can,'' she said at
a dinner attended by members of the Indian political and corporate elite here in
the India's capital on a Saturday night in late March.

In Washington, Ms. Bhutto has hired a lobbying firm to help sell that same
message. In March, she wrote an opinion piece for The Washington Post directed
at the Washington establishment. In February, she spoke to the conservative
American Enterprise Institute.

Ms. Bhutto has lived in self-imposed exile as a result of a long litany of
corruption charges that still hound her. Today she divides her time between
London and Dubai, and appears ever more intent on preparing the ground for a
return to Pakistan, though many obstacles remain.

''Her strategy seems to be to try and persuade the international community that
changes in the way Pakistan is governed -- changes that would eventually favor
her -- are also good for the war against terror,'' said Husain Haqqani, a former
adviser to Ms. Bhutto who is now director of the Center for International
Relations at Boston University.

For now at least, it seems unlikely that the Bush administration will heed Ms.
Bhutto's argument. The White House remains committed to General Musharraf, even
through the latest protests against his administration -- protests that began
ostensibly against his suspension of the chief justice, but have since come to
represent growing frustration against military rule.

Analysts in Washington and Islamabad point out that the White House remains
skeptical of Ms. Bhutto's capacity, questioning her authority over Pakistan's
military and intelligence services and troubled by charges that she and her
husband illegally gained millions of dollars in deals with people who did
business with the government when she was in power. (She successfully fought two
money laundering cases in Pakistan, though she continues to face charges in a
separate case in a court in Switzerland.)

''I'm not sure if there's any amount of charm or orchestration on Benazir's part
that will change this,'' Craig Cohen, deputy chief of staff at the Center for
Strategic and International Studies in Washington, said in an e-mail message.
''Something major would have to happen in Pakistan for the Bush administration
to give up on Musharraf.''

More to the point, Mr. Cohen said, there is little reason to believe that having
Ms. Bhutto at the helm would fundamentally alter the hold of the military and
the intelligence services on the state machinery. ''Even after free elections,
the military will still call the shots on national security issues,'' he said.
''Firing the manager only gets you so far.''

How the Democrats in Washington will respond to General Musharraf in the coming
months is also uncertain. One hint came in early March, when four members of the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee, including its chairman, Joseph R. Biden Jr.,
Democrat of Delaware and a candidate for president, wrote to the general,
warning that without the return of the two key opposition leaders, Ms. Bhutto
and Nawaz Sharif, ''it will be difficult for the international community to
regard the 2007 elections as a true expression of democracy.''

Mr. Sharif's government was ousted by General Musharraf during a coup in 1999.
He was eventually pardoned and exiled to Saudi Arabia. Neither he nor Ms. Bhutto
was permitted to take part in the last elections, in 2002.

On occasion, General Musharraf has said that Ms. Bhutto could return, if she
were willing to face corruption charges. In a step that added to speculation
that a deal on her return might be in the works, the government said Wednesday
that it was abolishing the federal division that had been investigating the
foreign assets and offshore bank accounts of some politicians, including her.

Still, General Musharraf has given no word, publicly at least, that he is in a
mood to bargain. ''There are no back-channel negotiations,'' he said in an
interview with Karachi-based HUM TV in February. ''The parties, which are here,
will take part in the elections. But those who are abroad would remain there.
This is the reality, and there is no deal, no change.''

Ms. Bhutto's latest approach has been as notable for what she has chosen to say
as for what she has left unsaid. Her criticism of General Musharraf in recent
weeks, when he has faced daunting public protests, has been appreciably mild.
Her party has not turned out its supporters in huge numbers in the latest
protests.

But Ms. Bhutto's hunger to return to political life could not have been more
obvious at a dinner here last month. She wooed that audience with paeans to
democracy and promises of peace. Let there be a summit meeting, she proposed, of
Indian and Pakistani leaders on Aug. 15, the anniversary of their bloody births,
for an accord that brings ''permanent stability and prosperity.''

''I believe Indo-Pakistan relations can be creatively reinvented,'' she said.

Familial ties, and particularly familial sacrifice, play extremely well in this
part of the world, and Aroon Purie, the editor of the newsweekly India Today,
which sponsored the dinner, deployed them frothily in Ms. Bhutto's favor. Born
into Pakistan's ruling dynasty, Ms. Bhutto's father, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, was
executed by Pakistan's last military government. Ms. Bhutto served two terms as
prime minister, becoming the first woman to lead a Muslim country.

Mr. Purie introduced her as a woman born into a family of martyrs, describing
her as ''now all set for a democratic homecoming.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Benazir Bhutto's supporters protested recently against Gen.
Pervez Musharraf, though she has muted her criticisms to ease her path to
elections. (Photo by Nadeem Khawer/European Pressphoto Agency)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                           December 17, 2002 Tuesday

:LETTERS

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 974 words


It's obvious Lott won't resign

Should Trent Lott resign? Of course! Will he? Of course not! Southern
"gentlemen" do not resign.

Did Bill Clinton resign when he was caught with his pants down? No. Should Lott
be forced out? Yes. Will he be? Of course not! Many people share Lott's racist
attitude but manage their egos well enough to keep their true sentiments hidden.
These racists will oppose any attempt to oust Lott. After all, Lott is their
man, having inadvertently, yet stupidly, verbalized their own innermost
sentiments.

Will we ever learn from the past? Why do we so quickly forget about people such
as Al Campanis, Jimmy the Greek, Howard Cosell and Dan Issel? They all revealed
their true sentiments with racist remarks, and they paid the price. Why should
Lott be treated any differently? Get rid of him!

Carlos O. Gonsalez

Central El Paso

Times insensitive

I am disappointed that the Times trivialized remarks made by Sen. Trent Lott as
a "classic foot in mouth." The editorial used such language as "gleeful
Democrats" to marginalize anyone who would oppose Lott's comments and masks the
real issue: racially insensitive remarks made by an elected official and
appointed leader.

A leader of a multicultural population needs to be accountable to the public. It
is worthwhile to explore Lott's record on race issues, not to put it aside, and
to do so independently of one's political party affiliation.

We as a country need to move forward with race issues, not backward by having
leaders with attitudes such as that expressed by Lott.

Lott was voted into office by his constituents, and he can be voted out. That is
not our choice, however, it's a valid point to ask if he should be in a
leadership role. In my opinion, absolutely not.

Trivializing this issue does not make it go away. However, the Times' editorial
showed a considerable lack of insight and sensitivity into the struggles that
minorities have in this society.

Aaron Velasco

West El Paso

Asking too much

When city officials and members of the El Paso Water Utility's Public Service
Board get serious about this drought, they will stop watering parks that have
weeds, and allowing water to run onto city streets. They will capture the
thousands of cubic feet of water that run down the street after a rainstorm and
put it in a reservoir.

Fifteen years ago, my lawn was xeriscaped. A timer is now used to deep water our
trees three times a week for a total of 30 minutes. My pool has been drained
twice in 17 years; it is kept covered. I have water-conserving toilets and
showers heads. Leaks are repaired, and I always wash a full load of clothes or
dishes in the dishwasher.

It appears now I am to conserve even more water. I guess I can cut the water to
15 minutes a week on the trees, take fewer showers, wash clothes less and use
the toilet less. Hiring another water warden is not the answer. People will
revolt.

Judeth A. Maddox

West El Paso

Story interesting

I thank Diana Washington Valdez for a good article ( Dec. 11) about the transfer
of money from Mexican citizens living in the United States to relatives in
Mexico and throughout Latin America. Valdez appears to have researched the
subject well.

The story provides a little insight into why Mexico turns a blind eye toward the
problem of illegal border crossings into the United States. If the figures in
the article are correct, more than $8.4 million flow through the El Paso area
to, primarily, Mexico on a yearly basis.

I realize some of the money flowing back to Mexico comes from Mexican citizens
who are in the United States legally, but the amount is astounding, as is the
fact that this money represents the third largest source of money in Mexico.

For years, Mexico has been unwilling to help stem the flood of illegal border
crossings. The only thing Mexico seems to be concerned about is that more of its
citizens get to the United States, in safety.

Ben Gomersall

West El Paso

Demos to blame

Letter writer Rick Soto is right, times have changed. Two and a half years ago
the dot-com bubble burst, and the economy started its decline from artificial
highs caused in part by overstated economic news by the previous administration,
and overstated earnings by businesses whose accounting practices were ignored by
that administration.

We were inundated by endless scandals from that corrupt administration, and our
military and intelligence services were hurting from eight years of neglect.
America had been attacked overseas by terrorists time and again, with no
effective response by the president, and terrorists were training within our
borders.

Today, America is emerging from one of the shallowest recessions on record --
helped by timely tax cuts and reformed economic policies by President Bush.

Our military and intelligence services are being rebuilt, and are confronting
terrorism head-on. We have a president who is honest and trustworthy, and an
administration that doesn't pretend terrorism isn't a threat.

President Reagan spent his first three years cleaning up Carter's mess, and Bush
is doing the same with Clinton's. Democrats are bad for our economy and
security.

Larry DuMond

Northeast El Paso

Your views

The El Paso Times welcomes letters to the editor. Letters may be edited for
brevity and clarity. Limit letters to 200 words and allow 30 days between
letters. Provide full name, address and daytime phone number, which will not be
published but are needed for verification only. Letters to the editor, opinion
and editorial columns and articles submitted to the Times may be published or
distributed in print, electronic or other forms. Aceptamos cartas en espanol.

Click here to send a letter to the editor

Mailing address: Letters to the editor, El Paso Times, P.O. Box 20, El Paso, TX
79999

Fax letters: 546-6343

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    February 7, 2002 Thursday Final Edition

Mac professor leads $2.5m team study of globalization

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 298 words


McMaster University political science professor William Coleman will lead a $2.5
million international research project to examine globalization and autonomy.

The project is being funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research
Council of Canada. It will involve researchers from 13 Canadian universities and
16 international organizations.

Coleman holds the Canada research chair in global governance and public policy.
He's also director of McMaster's Institute on Globalization and the Human
Condition.

"We are living in an increasingly complex global village, and our research
findings will help Canadians negotiate the challenges ahead," Coleman said.

The project will be funded over a five-year period. It will help policy- makers
deal with questions such as:

* Does globalization marginalize developing countries?

* Is globalization reducing cultural diversity?

* Is it increasing the possibilities for creating high technology industries in
developing countries?

* Do international human rights agreements help marginalized groups?

Coleman wondered who would have thought a decade ago that a small Canadian
business or a Mexican peasant would need knowledge of NAFTA trading rules or
World Trade Organization subsidy definitions to earn a living.

Anger over globalization has triggered violent protests at summit meetings in
Seattle, Quebec City and Genoa.

Marc Renaud, president of SSHRC, said the impact of globalization on countries,
their economies and their citizens is one of the most contested issues in
international politics.

"The entire world is looking for answers to these questions, and SSHRC is taking
the lead in helping our leaders better understand these issues, thus
strengthening Canada's position internationally."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2002 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            May 12, 1999, Wednesday

PS TAKEOVER URGED  GROUP TARGETS THREE DISTRICTS  PS TAKEOVER URGED  GROUP
TARGETS THREE DISTRICTS

BYLINE: By CAROLINA GONZALEZ and RAPHAEL SUGARMAN

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 604 words


Fed up with failing public schools in the South Bronx, a citywide parents group
yesterday called for Chancellor Rudy Crew to take over all the schools in three
South Bronx districts.

This was just one of several moves called for by ACORN (the Association of
Community Organizations for Reform Now), which unveiled its proposals yesterday
in front of the Board of Education's headquarters in Brooklyn.

"This study juxtaposes a lot of information you've heard before with the needs
for the new standards," said John Beam, a consultant, who did the study for
ACORN.

"A lot of things we're recommending have been done around the country, around
the city, in the chancellor's district."

The chancellor's district comprises some of the lowest-performing city schools,
which have been taken over by Crew in a bid to improve them.

Jose Cruz, one of about two dozen parents who attended yesterday's event, said
making changes won't be easy.

"It's going to be a difficult fight because the chancellor has these problems
with the mayor," he said. "The plans that the mayor and the chancellor make
marginalize parents."

To address the chronic failure of schools in the South Bronx, ACORN called for
the creation of a South Bronx School Improvement Zone. Run by Crew, it would
include all schools in Districts 7, 9 and 12, as well as "other schools in the
South Bronx whose parents or teachers petition for admission."

The creation of an improvement zone would not necessarily mean replacing
superintendents in the designated districts, said Clare Crawford, an ACORN
spokeswoman.

The group also called for Crew to establish a teacher incentive program to
attract teachers.

Under the plan, teams of six to eight "highly skilled and experienced teachers"
with permanent certification would be assigned to target schools for a minimum
of five years.

Crew should use "pensionable bonuses," as a way of attracting the teachers, the
group said.

The ACORN plan also called for the three districts to earmark at least 4% of
their budgets for staff development; set a limit of 20 students per class in
grades K-3, and create a new South Bronx high school in conjunction with the
association.

A spokeswoman for Crew said the ACORN proposal "talks about issues we've already
been working toward improving."

"We've made progress in teacher recruitment and the extended school day," said
Margie Feinberg, adding: "We look forward to continuing to work with all levels
of government to improve education in the South Bronx and throughout the entire
school system."

Officials of the three districts said ACORN didn't send them a copy of the plan
before issuing it.

"I can't comment on something I haven't read," said District 12 Superintendent
Mary Rivera. "It would have been nice if they would have consulted with us."

SCHOOL STUDY

In a 42-page plan called "No Silver Bullet, A Call For Doing What Works," ACORN
chronicled the long history of failure in South Bronx schools, particularly in
Districts 7, 9 and 12. Among the findings of its study:

In the 1998-99 school year, 69 of 72 schools in Districts 7, 9 and 12 missed
their mandated reading goals to acquire federal funds.

Nearly 40% of students in Districts 9 and 12 are reading at least one year below
grade level.

In District 7, three out of five students are not reading at grade level.

A total of 17 schools in the three districts are on the state's list of failing
schools.

Districts 7, 9 and 12 have substantially fewer fully licensed teachers than
other schools even than schools with similar levels of poverty.


LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KEITH TORRIE DAILY NEWS WHAT'S UP? Crystal Sepada, 4, looks up at
reporters' microphones recording the demand by ACORN for a South Bronx School
Improvement Zone.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 13, 1995, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Babes on the Web' raises an outcry on the Net

BYLINE: Leslie Miller

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 414 words


Robert Toups was looking for a little fun.

"Everybody takes the Internet so seriously sometimes," says the 27-year-old
Texan, whose Babes on the Web site has become cyberspace's latest tempest in a
terminal.

Babes (http://www.tyrell.net/ robtoups), which appeared on the Internet May 5,
provides the service of linking to Web pages created by women (150 at last
count) - but only if they include photos of the women.

"Cyberspace's image as an 'All Boys' Club' has been dispelled," the computer
programmer declares with no shortage of hubris.

Toups rates the pages (some say the photos) according to his own "Toupsie" scale
of one to four digitized pictures of himself, and each month names a "Ms.
Babe-O-Rama" - the first was in a bikini.

"If this page offends you, please go to the National Organization for Women home
page and JOIN NOW!" he writes, and he provides a link to it. (To prove he's not
sexist, he notes that NOW's Patricia Ireland "is listed with four Toupsies - and
she deserves it.")

Some are not amused.

"There have been major debates on many Internet lists about this guy," says
Aliza Sherman of New York, who puts women's resources on-line. "He is getting
major press for doing what men have done to women for centuries - marginalize
and objectify them."

Besides a handful of hate mail, Toups says, he's received 1,000
compliments in the last month, and requests from women wanting him to link Babes
to their pages; even many on-line feminists don't seem too upset.

"It's not just, 'Hi, my name is Lois, here are some cheesy photos,' " notes Amy
Goodloe, a San Francisco Internet consultant. "I've gotten to see a lot of
women's pages that way."

Toups says he wouldn't "walk up to any of my grandmother's friends and say, 'Hey
Babe' "; he was raised "to be a gentleman" in the most Southern sense. But
different cultures (including cyberspace) have different standards, he says.

Blake Kritzberg, a law student in Lafayette, Colo., says when she first saw
Babes "there was definitely an attitude there. . . . It was kind of off-putting,
but kind of funny."

On a satirical page of her own, Babes on the Web II (Toups links to it) she
calls him a "swine" at great length, then proceeds to rate men's pages in
similar fashion.

"I'm just doing it because it's fun and it's shallow," Kritzberg says. "You can
have fun and still be true to your feminist principles. . . . Having a sense of
humor is far more empowering than being oppressed."

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

HOME TECH A HEAD-TURNING PAGE; Robert Toups' 'Babes on the Web' has drawn both
complaints and compliments, he says.>A DIFFERENT OUTLOOK; Blake Kritzberg of
Lafayette, Colo., offers the other side, with ratings of men's pages.>

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           February 12, 2013 Tuesday

Reader comments

SECTION: Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 519 words


Pope Benedict XVI's surprising resignation will leave 1.2 billion Catholics
without an earthly head. But the pope not only leads the Catholic church, his
stature also is significant to the world at large. We asked members of the
Times-Union/Jacksonville.com Email Interactive Group, no matter their faith,
what qualities the pope's successor should embody. Members voluntarily listed
their own religious preferences. Here is a representative sampling of responses:

A younger pope would bring more credibility to the Vatican, but should stay with
the same principles as the church has always known in the teachings of gay
marriage, divorce and birth control. Most faith groups are considered out of
step with our society, when it is our society that has become out of step, often
for political reasons.

Claude Collins, Catholic, North Jacksonville

The age of the new pope, or his stance on the traditions of the church, are less
important than his ability to stand for God, and not be influenced by those who
would water down or marginalize the message.

Sheila M. Saffold, Christian, Mandarin

The next pope has my prayers that the Roman Catholic Church may take a closer
look at the issue of sexual misbehavior and at others who are close to that High
Office in terms of money - where it comes from and how it is obtained. All I
want the cardinals to do is to pick a person who has the wisdom of Solomon, the
patience of Job and the love of Christ within his heart. There has been much
that, unfortunately, has affected the integrity of the Church of Jesus Christ;
this has caused so many Christians deep sadness.

James Black, Presbyterian minister, Jacksonville

While I am no longer Catholic, the fact that Pope Benedict XVI heads one of the
largest Christian denominations in the world impacts me as a member of the
church universal. I think he is to be commended for his awareness and commitment
to do what is best for his denomination. I think the College of Cardinals will
do well to seek another pontiff who follows in the footsteps of John Paul II and
Benedict XVI - unapologetically firm on doctrinal issues central to
Christianity. ... Catholicism does share enough tradition and doctrine with
other Christians to be a valuable ally in changing the world through the Gospel
and the practical work of charity in society.

Ray Dymun, unaffiliated, White Springs

It's a smart person who recognizes the limits of his capabilities and steps
aside so someone else can assume his duties. The new pope will need to take the
church into the 21st century. It needs to look around and see what's important
to Catholic congregants. Until celebacy was imposed on the priesthood, many
priests were married. When the church confronts the problem of pedophiles, it
will look back to its beginnings and allow priests to marry again. I'm Jewish.
Our "priests" were married, and in more modern times, so are our rabbis.

Wendy Honigman, Jewish, Beauclerc

WANT TO TAKE PART?

If you would like to be a member of the Times-Union/acksonville.com's Email
Interactive Group, email our editorial page editor, Mike Clark, at
mike.clark@jacksonville

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              March 9, 2012 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

opinion exchange

BYLINE: SUSAN HOGAN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 479 words



HIGHLIGHT: FROM TODAY'S INTERACTIVE ONLINE LOG...


ANTI-SHARIA BILL

State senator reverses course

State Sen. Dave Thompson, R-Lakeville, introduced a bill this week only to
withdraw it a few hours later. In between, Muslim leaders called a news
conference in which they, along with key Christian and Jewish leaders, denounced
the bill for what it was: veiled anti-Muslim bigotry.

"This bill is a symptom of the fear that has been drummed up about the religious
tradition of Islam," said Gadeir Abbas, a Washington, D.C., staff attorney for
the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). The group has challenged
anti-sharia efforts around the country, and was prepared to do so in Minnesota.

CAIR's Minnesota chapter hosted the Monday event, demonstrating its ability to
sway public policy by quickly galvanizing interfaith leaders. "This bill is an
attack on religious freedom and an attempt to marginalize Muslims in Minnesota,"
said Munazza Humayun, the group's civil-rights director.

Whether wittingly or not, Thompson found himself caught up in the anti-Muslim
antics of David Yerushalmi, a nationally known anti-Muslim activist. He was the
force behind the deluge of bills introduced in more than 20 states last year
opposing Islamic religious law known as sharia, which guides Muslim behavior,
actions and spiritual life.

Yerushalmi has a history of making "controversial statements about race,
immigration and Islam," according to the New York Times. "Despite his lack of
formal training in Islamic law, [he] has come to exercise a striking influence
over American public discourse about sharia."

That influence, sadly, is heard in the anti-sharia, anti-Muslim rhetoric of GOP
presidential candidates.

After Oklahoma voters passed a ban on sharia law last year, courts ruled that
the measure violated the establishment clause of the First Amendment. The clause
prevents the government from establishing religion, or favoring one religion
over another.

Yerushalmi took note and redrafted his bill template using language that
appeared to be religiously neutral, though clearly targeting Muslims. Instead of
mentioning sharia law, he called for banning the use of foreign laws in U.S.
courts. That was the wording used in Thompson's bill, too.

That language, however, would have unseen consequences for other religions.
Catholics adhere to the Code of Canon Law approved by the Vatican. Jewish law
dates back thousands of years. Many religions have ecclesiastical courts that
deal with contractual matters, such as marriages, divorces and wills.

"It could impinge on the religious freedoms we already have," said the Rev.
Thomas Duke of the St. Paul Interfaith Network.

It's unclear why Thompson backed a discriminatory bill in the first place. Or
why he abruptly changed his mind about the matter. In a phone message to me, he
said: "It was not my intent to introduce a bill that targeted any single
religious group."

SUSAN HOGAN

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 8, 2006 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

HAWKS REPORT;

BYLINE: SEKOU SMITH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 257 words


* HARRINGTON COMES BACK: Al Harrington's strained chest muscle didn't keep him
out as long as he expected. After missing Wednesday night's win over Minnesota,
Harrington returned to the starting lineup for Friday night's game against
Washington at Philips Arena. "The pain and discomfort I had the other night
isn't completely gone, but it's a lot better," he said before the game.
"Everybody's got aches and pains this time of year. You've just got to play
through them."

* PISTOL PETE AND JOE: As of Friday, Hawks co-captain Joe Johnson was tied for
18th in the NBA in scoring (20.5) and tied for 10th in assists (6.7). The last
(and only) Atlanta Hawk to finish in the top 20 in both categories in the same
season was Pete Maravich, who finished fifth in scoring and sixth in assists in
1972-73. But Johnson doesn't get anywhere near the attention from fans and the
media. "People can marginalize his season all they want," Hawks coach Mike
Woodson said. "I think people have a great deal of respect for our team and how
we play, because we do compete every night. Joe has been leading the charge
night in and night out. And for our team, the fact that he's versatile brings a
new dimension for all of these guys that play around him. So I don't think he'll
get lost in the shuffle."

* GILBERT'S ARENA: Wizards All-Star guard Gilbert Arenas went off for 15
first-quarter points while the Hawks struggled to slow him down. But a lower
back strain suffered late in the first quarter did the trick. Arenas scored four
points in the second quarter.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 27, 2017 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

The Open Forum

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 277 words


Re: "Murder suspect was deported in 2007 and arrested twice," Feb. 23 news
story.

Donald Trump, as part of his campaign and since the election, has shamefully
exploited specific cases of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants to
justify his harsh proposals and actions against the entire undocumented
population, even those who have committed no such crimes.

The Denver Post's article on Norlan Estrada Reyes, by not referring to broader
data about the impact of undocumented immigrants on crime rates and safety, only
fans the flames that Trump has ignited. Estrada Reyes' previous incidents,
specifically the DUI case, suggest a missed opportunity to take action that
could have saved a life. But in the current climate, presenting this case
without referencing the fact that immigrants are less likely to commit crimes
than the native born U.S. population serves only to further marginalize the
entire undocumented population for reasons unsupported by the data.

Brian Linde, Denver

There is always an outcry when a "bad guy" is let out of jail and later injures
or kills a citizen as there should be.

If the citizens ever want to act on their displeasure, maybe they should
consider changing their voting practices regarding the elected and appointed
officials and judges who facilitate the tragedies with light sentences, failures
to prosecute, plea bargains, early outs, failures to turn inmates over to
Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and sanctuary cities.

And if there are so many "bad guys" in the community that jails get overcrowded,
the community should build more jails rather than letting more of them get out
of jail early.

Tom Saunders, Aurora

LOAD-DATE: March 02, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                                January 25, 2017

Reading with Obama

LENGTH: 658  words


What will our most recent former president be doing these next few weeks?

Barack Obama will be reading and encouraging us to join him. In the week before
he left office, he talked to The New York Times' chief book reviewer, Michiko
Kakutani, about the importance of books in his life. "At a time," Obama told
Kakutani, "when so much of our politics is trying to manage this clash of
cultures brought about by globalization and technology and migration, the role
of stories to unify -- as opposed to divide, to engage rather than to
marginalize -- is more important than ever."

Obama explained why reading gives him a special experience. "There's something
particular about quieting yourself and having a sustained stretch of time that
is different from music or television or even the greatest movies."

If you agree with Obama, I have some suggestions of North Carolina-related books
for you and him.

Both of you will enjoy, "You Can Fly: The Tuskegee Airmen," written by North
Carolina poet, teacher and award-winning author Carole Boston Weatherford. With
dramatic illustrations fashioned by her son, Jeffery Weatherford, the book
follows the accomplishments of the black airmen who triumphed over the Axis in
the skies over Europe in World War Two and over color barriers in America. The
groundbreaking black airmen's accomplishments helped prepare the way for the
groundbreaking president.

In his interview with Kakutani, Obama explained how reading gave him the
opportunity to "slow down and get perspective" and "the ability to get in
somebody else's shoes." For this kind of experience, the former president would
appreciate the work of the state's former poet laureate and retired UNCG
professor Fred Chappell. His latest book, "A Shadow All of Light," showcases
Chappell's wide-ranging interests, imaginative strengths, storytelling gifts,
and beautiful descriptive writing skills.

His magical and speculative story requires a reader to suspend disbelief and
enjoy Chappell's rich story set in an Italianate country centuries ago. The plot
revolves around a thriving trade in shadows, which are an important, integral
part of a person's being. They can be stolen or given up. When lost, the person
is never the same. Chappell weaves princes, pirates, outlaw bands, and battle
scenes that could keep Obama riveted to the page.

If the former president misses campaign visits to local eating places, he can
read the story of Foster's Market in Durham. For 25 years, owner Sara Foster has
made that business a favorite for food and fellowship. Her new book "Foster's
Market Favorites: 25th Anniversary" shares recipes and tells how her market came
to be and came to thrive.

Foster's is the sort of place I wanted for my new book, "North Carolina's
Roadside Eateries: A Traveler's Guide to Local Restaurants, Diners, and Barbecue
Joints." I thought Foster's was too far from the interstate highway to be a
convenient stop for travelers. Wrong! It's only four miles from I-40's Exit 270.
If there is ever a new edition, Foster's will be in it.

Kakutani was impressed by Obama's "embrace of artists like Shakespeare who saw
the human situation entire: its follies, cruelties and mad blunders, but also
its resilience, decencies and acts of grace." Those who remember Tony Earley's
classic novels, "Jim the Boy" and "Blue Star," and his poignant short stories
set in Western North Carolina know how well he captured that "human situation."
Earley's latest, "Mr. Tall," is a book of stories that continues that tradition.
As a bonus, Earley shares a "Jack tale" novella about a character whose
mischief, audacity and charm would remind Obama of his successor in office.

UNC-TV's North Carolina Bookwatch will feature all these books during February,
Sunday noon and Thursday at 5 p.m., and on the North Carolina channel, Friday 8
p.m. and Sunday 10 a.m.

D.G. Martin hosts "North Carolina Bookwatch," which airs Sundays at noon and
Thursdays at 5 p.m. on UNC-TV.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

LightSquared disclosure statement approved

BYLINE: by Chris Nolter

LENGTH: 562 words


LightSquared Inc.on Monday won approval of the disclosure statement for its
reorganization plan, setting up what is sure to be a contentious creditor vote
on the proposal.

Philip Falcone's wireless carrier faces a fight with its largest creditor,
satellite TV tycoon Charlie Ergen, who holds $1 billion or so in secured debt
and is dead set against the plan.

Counsel to Ergen, Rachel Strickland of Willkie Farr & Gallagher LLP, called the
plan "as brazen an attempt to marginalize a party as I have ever seen," during
Monday's court hearing.

With support from Fortress Investment Group, Melody Capital Advisors LLC,
Falcone's Harbinger Capital Partners LLC and JPMorgan Chase & Co., the plan
would pay all creditors in full.

However, the proposal breaks secured creditors of the debtor's LightSquared LP
unit into two classes: Ergen in one and everyone else in the other. While other
LightSquared LP secured creditors get cash payment in full or the option to
participate in a new debtor-in-possession loan, Ergen would receive a $1.09
billion, seven-year note that is either third-lien or unsecured and pays
interest in kind, rather than cash.

Ergen vehicle SP Special Opportunities LLCwould receive better recoveries and
legal releases if it votes for the plan.

Judge Shelley C. Chapman of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District
of New York in Manhattan approved the disclosure statement during the hearing
Monday.

Strickland described the third-lien, PIK note as an attempt to "bind us in duct
tape and throw us in the trunk of the car" for a "seven-year ride."

Preferred equity holders who have junior standing to Ergen receive more
favorable treatment, Strickland argued. The preferreds would receive
three-quarters of their compensation in cash and collect a redemption premium,
she noted.

Falcone's Harbinger Capital would have 36% of the equity, Strickland said.

LightSquared argued that it is breaking Ergen into a separate class because he
runs two LightSquared competitors: Dish Network Corp.and EchoStar Corp.

Ergen has clashed with LightSquared several times during the case. Dish bid $2.2
billion for the assets of LightSquared LP. The satellite TV company aggressively
pursued LightSquared, but then pulled its bid in January when a deadline for
completing a deal passed.

LightSquared and Harbinger sued Ergen and his companies, saying that the
satellite TV investor violated a credit agreement by purchasing the debt. Terms
of the debt agreement blocked competitors from purchasing the debt.

"We don't believe SPSO is acting like a creditor," said Matthew Barr of Milbank,
Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLP, counsel to LightSquared. Barr suggested that Ergen
had ulterior motives.

Strickland argued that LightSquared's plan is patently unconfirmable because of
its treatment of Ergen's claims. LightSquared has failed to raise funds for a
reorganization in recent years, she said, and blotting out Ergen's $1 billion in
claims is an attempt to force through a plan.

The two-year anniversary of the bankruptcy filing approaches in May, and Chapman
said the case had to move forward. "I'm between a rock and a hard place," the
judge said.

Chapman will convene a confirmation hearing on March 17. Objections to the plan
are due by March 11.

The judge will hear closing arguments in the litigation of Ergen's debt
purchases on March 12.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-10 Billion

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2014 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              June 24, 2005 Friday

LETTERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 1103 words


Oppression from heat and laws in Pakistan

I read the World Digest section of Monday's American-Statesman as I floated
comfortably in my backyard pool trying to escape a hot Austin day. Thank
goodness I still have the option of stepping out in a swimsuit. Women in
Pakistan probably aren't accorded that same right.

The World Digest item was about a heat wave in Pakistan. In the photo, hundreds
of Pakistanis were cooling off in a canal. Everyone in the photo appeared to be
male. Where are the women? Are they not equally affected by the scorching heat?
Is it possible that they are suffering doubly because of the heavy layers of
robes that their culture often dictates they wear?

Their barbaric laws require that rape victims provide four male witnesses to the
crime or risk being whipped and imprisoned for adultery.

This mindset not only further victimizes and marginalizes women, but it also
diminishes men. It assumes Pakistani men are incapable of control if they see a
woman baring her flesh in an attempt to escape a killer heat wave.

I am cutting out this picture and saving it as a reminder that, as a woman, I
must never take for granted the rights and opportunities that we have fought so
hard to win.

KELLY WHITE

Austin

Saving Barton Springs

Re: June 18 letter to the editor, "Is Austin changing?":

The letter writer said, "I would like to salute the Austin voter. We have
finally told the lizard lovers that the lives of people and keeping business
here are more important than the two-toed lizard or the five-footed frog, or
whatever animal they want to hug and kiss today."

The letter writer just doesn't get it. It's not just about saving the critters
-- it's about saving the city's most beloved swimming hole. Do you want your
kids swimming in water that poisons salamanders?

MARY CUMMINS VESELKA

Austin

Thank a 'lizard lover'

Apparently, some people, like the writer of the June 17 "Is Austin changing"
letter, still don't get it. They belittle efforts to protect the "lizard." What
will it take to educate these people that the Barton Springs salamander is an
indicator species -- a canary in a coal mine? Let's try again. When the
salamander dies, it means its ecosystem, and ours, is polluted. Maybe they just
don't care. However, if they do appreciate and enjoy the quality of life in
Austin, then they should thank a "lizard lover."

LYNN KURTH

Austin

Facts on Schiavo letter

As a pediatric neurologist, I feel compelled to respond to the misinformation in
a letter in Monday's American-Statesman ("Schiavo results not clear").

Comparing hemispherectomy (removal of half the brain in severe epilepsy) to
Terri Schiavo's case is misleading.  In the former, the operation removes a
malformed and malfunctioning cerebral hemisphere (the source of the seizures),
leaving a normally functioning hemisphere in place. At her death, Schiavo's
brain was half its normal weight because of a diffuse loss of nerve cells
affecting all parts of the brain. No normal areas remained. Sadly, Schiavo had
no cognitive awareness or function at the end.

Finally, given the letter writer's status as a nurse involved in the
neurosciences, she should know that neurosurgeons, not neurologists, perform
brain surgery.

JEFFREY KERR, M.D.

Austin

Is this letter right? Yes.

Just as Bill Clinton popularized the "pointing with the thumb," the new
political trend is "question yourself."

Observe an interview of nearly any politician these days, and they will
literally ask themselves questions and answer them.

Do I think it is done on purpose? You bet. Does it make the politician's point
even if the interviewer isn't wanting to go in that direction? Absolutely. Do I
wish they would stop doing it? Yes I do. When will they stop doing this? When we
let them know how patronizing and patently offensive it is.

JANET SNYDER

Austin

KRAUTHAMMER: BILINGUALISM

IS A BIGGER THREAT THAN IMMIGRATION

The loss of identity

Charles Krauthammer's June 17 column is misleading. He seems to put a
single-minded emphasis on the English-only instruction of immigrant students as
the key to a successful assimilation of foreign nationals. So how are we to
become a "polyglot country"?

Abolishing bilingual education will only turn this country into a mess of
half-literate students in two languages.

Scientific research proves that instructing students in their vernacular
language until they acquire an academic level of English yields high levels of
cognitive knowledge in both languages. Assimilation robs ethnic families of
their language and their culture.

DOLORES GODINEZ

Bilingual educational consultant

Austin

Value of two cultures

As a professor of English who also teaches on occasion linguistics and bilingual
education courses, I disagree strongly with Charles Krauthammer.

Krauthammer conveniently overlooks the fact that the overwhelming majority of
children born to immigrants do learn English, either because their parents speak
it to them or, more importantly, because they learn it from playing with
children whose native language is English.

Bilingual education gives the child the value of both languages and cultures:
the dominant English language and culture and the child's native language and
culture.

CHARLES WUKASCH

Austin

Assimilation is the key

Charles Krauthammer's column hit the nail squarely on the head. We have always
had immigration in this nation. It is who we are. But in the past, each new
immigrant immediately began to learn English. This is not true today. Almost all
government publications are printed in both Spanish and English. Our government
entities should immediately have the guts to put an end to this practice. Not
counting the enormous cost of printing the Spanish versions, the practice only
furthers the division of cultures.

If folks want to come to America -- and they obviously do -- then they can
display the same desire to learn English and assimilate more readily into
American culture.

MARVIN REEVES

Kyle

Teach tolerance

I am an international student from Taiwan. My native language should have been
Taiwanese. However, due to some political issues, the students of my generation
are educated under a compulsory "Mandarin immersion" policy from elementary
school to high school.

Now, I have almost lost my native language and treat Mandarin as my mother
tongue. Unfortunately, in my family, my grandmother spoke only Taiwanese. My
mother speaks both Taiwanese and Mandarin. When I talked with my grandmother, I
needed my mother's interpretation.

We need to cultivate heartfelt cultural tolerance rather than assimilation.

YUEH-HUI CHIANG

Austin

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: It might be hot in Austin, but it could be worse: Some cities in
Pakistan are suffering temperatures of up to 116 degrees. These folks in Lahore
tried to cool off in a canal.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                      March 13, 2003 Thursday MO1 EDITION

Match play at country club subpar

BYLINE: By Deb Price

SECTION: AE; Pg. FEA

LENGTH: 648 words


An avid golfer and successful businesswoman, B. Koebke joined a country club to
have a place to enjoy the sport and entertain clients.

''When you go out on the golf course with someone, you really get to know their
heart and soul,'' says B., short for her German given name, Birgit.

B., who shoots in the high 70s from the men's tees, chose Bernardo Heights
County Club in San Diego, about 15 minutes from her home by the beach. With
majestic views of lush foothills and palm trees along its 18-hole course,
Bernardo Heights epitomizes wealth, success, luxury and exclusivity.

Membership, which involves purchasing a share of the club, cost B. $18,000 in
1987. Monthly dues run her another $445.

What B. didn't know when she bought into the club was that she'd become so angry
and frustrated over second-class treatment that she'd be drawn into one of the
nation's longest-running civil-rights battles:

As a partnered lesbian demanding the same privileges as any married member, B.
is following in the spike-shoed footsteps of golfers who have fought country
club barriers erected to marginalize Jews, African-Americans and females.

Many ''clubs'' do enough business with the general public to be covered by
anti-discrimination laws. California and 11 other states have attempted to
protect gay people from discrimination based on sexual orientation in such
public places as restaurants, hotels and apartments. Bernardo Heights insists
that its rules, which don't grant B.'s partner family privileges, are neither
unfair nor illegal.

In the past, anti-gay discrimination in public accommodations attracted little
attention. That's beginning to change, as gay people fight back. Most recently,
in a March 4 decision that could lead to a breakthrough in the battle to ensure
gay workers equal treatment in health benefit plans, a California lesbian couple
won an early legal round in their lawsuit against doctors who had turned one of
the women away for artificial insemination.

B. hit the links for years without much thought about her club's restrictions.
Then, a decade ago, she fell in love and started bringing her partner, Kendall
French, to play golf and socialize.

B. quickly found that her membership is less valuable than married members':
Their spouses, children and even grandchildren can play unlimited rounds for
free. But B. may bring Kendall, her state-recognized domestic partner, only as a
paid guest, and only six times a year. And, unlike married members, B. is
forbidden to will her membership to her partner.

B. tried to persuade the club to extend married privileges to members with a
''significant other.'' For years, the club rebuffed her, describing itself as
''family oriented'' and suggesting that Kendall apply to join -- for $18,000.

''They don't want our kind. That's what it boiled down to,'' says B., who is
suing with Kendall. ''All we wanted to do was play golf together.''

B. and Kendall lost their first round: A judge said the club's conduct was OK
because it treated B. no differently than other unmarried members. The case is
now before a California appeals court.

Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund argues the club should be forced to
treat B. and Kendall as a married couple because California outlaws marital
status or sexual orientation discrimination.

Gay people in this country are caught in an unfair Catch-22 because same-sex
couples are not allowed to marry but are told we don't qualify for benefits
because we aren't married. Courts rarely confront this issue.

Gay people have always been dues-paying members of society. We should be treated
equally -- whether we're driving a truck or a golf ball.

Deb Price is the news editor at the Washington bureau of the Detroit News.
Contact her through Creators Syndicate, 5777 W. Century Blvd., Suite 700, Los
Angeles, Calif. 90045 or www.creators.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    October 10, 2002 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Debates spark dispute in N.J.;
Frank R. Lautenberg wants all candidates included. Douglas Forrester sees a ploy
to evade a direct duel.

BYLINE: Tom Turcol Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. B08

LENGTH: 585 words


Former Democratic Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg, seeming to retreat from his call for
head-to-head debates with Republican Douglas Forrester, is now demanding that
any debates include all the third-party candidates in New Jersey's U.S. Senate
race.

Forrester quickly accused Lautenberg of trying to dodge a direct encounter,
including two that ABC's This Week and NBC's Meet the Press are trying to
schedule for their nationally televised Sunday programs.

Lautenberg's new proposal shows that he is "deathly afraid of sitting in a
television studio - one on one, face to face, mano a mano - only with Doug
Forrester," said Bill Pascoe, Forrester's campaign manager.

Lautenberg, named by Democratic officials last week as Sen. Robert G.
Torricelli's replacement on the Nov. 5 ballot, countered that Forrester was
using the debate over debates to divert attention from policy positions he would
have a hard time defending.

For Lautenberg, a six-candidate debate would sharply limit his air time -
exposing him to fewer questions and reducing the risk of making a mistake or
seeming out of touch after almost two years away from Washington.

It would also give him an opportunity to marginalize Forrester, positioning him
as one of five lesser-known candidates going up against someone who had been in
the Senate for 18 years. Lautenberg was first elected in 1982 and retired in
January 2001.

Forrester, by contrast, needs to challenge Lautenberg directly in an attempt to
regain the momentum he lost when Torricelli dropped out of the race. Forrester,
who had been pulling far ahead of Torricelli in polls, slightly trailed the
Democrats' new candidate in the latest ones.

Lautenberg "wants to avoid as much air time and as many questions as possible,"
said David Rebovich, a political scientist at Rider University in Lawrenceville,
N.J.

"The Democrats are assuming that Lautenberg wins this one by running out the
clock and not fumbling the ball," Rebovich added. "They're keeping him on a
tight leash. A lot of debates and a lot of questions provide a greater
opportunity for making a mistake."

If Lautenberg's debate proposal is approved, he and Forrester will be joined on
stage by Libertarian Elizabeth Macron, Conservative Norman Wahner, Socialist
Greg Pason, and Green Party nominee Ted Glick.

Forrester said yesterday that if those candidates were included, the debate
should last at least two hours instead of the traditional hour.

The flare-up over debates gave both candidates a chance to play up their
principal attack lines.

Lautenberg, in a bid to move the campaign onto the Democrats' turf, accused
Forrester of trying to divert attention from issues such as abortion rights, gun
control and Social Security. Forrester continued hammering away at the
Democratic "boss politics" that he says produced the candidate switch.

During the last week, Lautenberg said, Forrester waged an unsuccessful court
battle to keep him off the ballot, adopted the "Torricelli-Lautenberg machine"
as his new campaign theme, and now is squabbling over the debate format.

Referring to the third-party candidates, the Democrat added: "If they have
something to say, they ought to be able to say it."

Pascoe said it was "rank hypocrisy" for Lautenberg to make that assertion, given
that, in the Democrats' successful court bid to allow their eleventh-hour
candidate switch, they sought to trivialize the other candidates.

Contact Tom Turcol at 856-779-3854 or tturcol@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 25, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Mayor Moves to Relieve Wife of First Lady Duties

BYLINE:  By ELISABETH BUMILLER

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 877 words


Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani moved yesterday to expel his estranged wife from her
position as the first lady of New York while his divorce lawyer, Raoul L.
Felder, filed court papers arguing that a judge should not have barred Judith
Nathan, the mayor's friend, from Gracie Mansion or from attending the same
events as the mayor's children.

The events made it clear that despite widespread criticism of the mayor's
actions in his increasingly bitter and consuming divorce, Mr. Giuliani planned
to use the courts and the power of his office to marginalize his wife, Donna
Hanover, much as he has with political adversaries.

On Wednesday, the mayor's chief of staff, Anthony V. Carbonetti, telephoned the
offices of the New York City affiliate of the Susan G. Komen Breast Cancer
Foundation, one of Ms. Hanover's favorite charities, and informed a staff member
that Ms. Hanover would not be the hostess on June 13 of an annual Gracie Mansion
breakfast given by the foundation. Ms. Hanover, who for the last seven years has
been the group's honorary chairwoman, did not know of the call.

"We're confused and dismayed by what's happened," said Robert W. McGrath, a
board member and spokesman for the foundation. Mr. McGrath said that while the
foundation would follow the will of City Hall and have the event at Gracie
Mansion without Ms. Hanover as hostess, the group planned to invite her as a
guest and a speaker.

"Her energy and involvement has gone way beyond ex officio status," Mr. McGrath
said. "We want Donna there, and we expect Donna there." Mr. McGrath added that
there had been no indication from the mayor's office that City Hall would fight
Ms. Hanover's attendance at the event.

At the same time, some members of the organization said they were concerned
about not alienating the mayor because of the group's Race for the Cure
five-kilometer run in Central Park on Sept. 16. In the past, the race has
attracted more than 30,000 women and has needed extensive support from the City
Parks and Recreation Department and the police.

Last year, as in past years, guests were invited to the breakfast with
invitations that read "Donna Hanover, the first lady of New York." Yesterday,
the mayor's office drafted an invitation that read "Rudolph W. Giuliani"
instead. The hostess of the event is to be Irene R. Halligan, the commissioner
of the New York City Commission for the United Nations, Consular Corps and
Protocol.

Neither Ms. Hanover nor her press secretary, Joannie Danielides, returned
numerous calls yesterday seeking comment. The New York Post first reported
yesterday that the mayor had decided to strip Ms. Hanover of any official
duties.

Mr. Giuliani, friends say, has been increasingly angry that Ms. Hanover has
continued her first lady duties even as the marriage has unraveled into the most
public divorce in the history of the New York City mayoralty and even as the
mayor has clearly chosen Ms. Nathan as his public companion. Yesterday, Mr.
Giuliani sidestepped a question at a City Hall news conference about whether the
city would continue to pay for Ms. Hanover's Office of First Lady, which has a
staff of four whose salaries cost taxpayers more than $200,000 a year.

"All of those decisions will get made, but I'm not going to discuss it," Mr.
Giuliani said.

Yesterday a friend of Ms. Hanover said that if the mayor took away Ms. Hanover's
staff, "the matter could come before the court."

Ms. Hanover is also protected by city-paid security, and is driven to and from
her first lady events by plainclothes city police officers.

In the papers filed on behalf of Mr. Giuliani in the Appellate Division of State
Supreme Court in Manhattan, the mayor's lawyers argued that a lower-court judge
improperly interfered with mayoral discretion when she barred Ms. Nathan from
Gracie Mansion.

Mr. Giuliani's lawyers also argued that it was the mayor's discretion to
determine whom his children should see or not see. Acting Justice Judith J.
Gische's order, issued on Monday, said that Ms. Nathan was for now not to be in
the presence of the children "or at any event attended by the children."

People close to the case said that additional court papers on the mayor's appeal
were due by June 6. After that, five judges are to review the arguments and make
a decision. In the meantime, Justice Gische's order barring Ms. Nathan from
Gracie Mansion, the mayor's official residence, remains in effect.

Ms. Hanover continues to live at the mansion, a 200-year-old home overlooking
the East River, with the couple's two children. The mayor uses a guest room.

Yesterday, Victor A. Kovner, one of Ms. Hanover's lawyers, told reporters, "We
believe Justice Gische was right on the facts, and right on the law."

On Tuesday, Mr. Giuliani said at a news conference that Justice Gische was
"wrong" to deny his request for an order of silence over the case, although he
declared at yesterday's news conference, "I never said that."

Mr. Felder told reporters that he was not speaking to them, but said that Ms.
Hanover's lawyers "must have a teletype in their office to alert the media."

Last night at a Gracie Mansion barbecue for City Council members, Mr. Giuliani
lightheartedly told guests that he was ready to leave the job. Eight years, he
said, was long enough.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Raoul L. Felder, divorce lawyer for Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani,
filed papers yesterday to overturn a decision barring the mayor's friend Judith
Nathan from Gracie Mansion and events attended by the mayor's children. (Nancy
Siesel/The New York Times)(pg. B2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                               May 9, 2008 Friday

Med-tech news and notes

LENGTH: 570 words


Med-tech news and notes

Joffe pulls TLC board nominations

Stephen Joffe, MD, an investor who owns 5% of the shares of TLC Vision
(Cincinnati), yesterday said in a statement that he has withdrawn the slate of
directors that he had nominated for election to the board of TLC at its 2008
annual meeting.

Joffe, who describes himself as a "laser vision correction industry pioneer," in
late April issued a statement saying that he had requested access to TLC's list
of shareholders, and that the company had refused access to that list. At the
time he said he planned to seek "legal remedies to ensure that TLC Vision acts
in accordance with the laws of New York state."

In his statement released yesterday, Joffe charged that the TLC board "has built
a formidable wall around itself, employing insular change of control agreements,
toxic debt covenants and an onerous poison pill to resist needed changes and
keep legitimate shareholder interests at bay.

"It has become clear that the attitude and tone [that] management has adopted
would marginalize our slate if elected and undermine its effectiveness. Based on
the unreceptive attitude of the company's board, I have significant reservations
about serving in a minority position on the TLC Vision Board without having the
executive authority needed to right this company. I am also concerned that such
a lack of cooperation and discord on the board could ultimately harm the
interests of the shareholders.

"My decision to withdraw my slate of director nominees was made after careful
consideration and consultation with my advisors and fellow director candidates."

Vermillion forms PAD test committee

Vermillion (Fremont, California) said it has formed a clinical steering
committee to advise the company on clinical development and commercialization
for its peripheral artery disease (PAD) blood test. The steering committee will
provide strategic scientific guidance regarding the development of a clinical
trial to support registration of the PAD test with the FDA, Vermillion said.

In collaboration with researchers at Stanford University (Stanford, California),
Vermillion is working to develop a blood test to help determine an individual's
risk of developing PAD, a serious disease estimated to affect up to 12 million
Americans and can lead to myocardial infarction, stroke and death.

Eric Fung, MD, PhD, chief scientific officer for Vermillion and a member of the
steering committee, said that the committee membership will offer "strong
scientific expertise and unparalleled leadership in vascular medicine and we are
privileged to have them serve on our clinical steering committee. We believe the
formation of this committee will help Vermillion remain at the forefront in the
development and commercialization of a blood test for PAD."

Vermillion is a developer of diagnostic tests.

MEDdevice retains Epsilon Securities

MEDdevice Acquisition (MDAC; Aurora, Colorado) reported that it has retained
Epsilon Securities as its advisor "to build a significant enterprise in one or
more select medical device sectors of the medical device industry."

"The MDAC team combines a strong set of capabilities and great experience in the
medical device field, and I'm very excited to be working with them in
identifying and executing on acquisition opportunities," said J.D. Friedland of
Epsilon.

MEDdevice Acquisition was formed to acquire medical product companies and
assets.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            News Chronicle (Nigeria)

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Obama borrows from Bush in first visit to U.S. mosque

BYLINE: Yahoo News

LENGTH: 728  words


President Obama took office in January 2009 eager to speak to Muslims around the
world on behalf of Americans, looking to reset a relationship poisoned by the
invasion and occupation of Iraq. Seven years later, Obama makes his first visit
to a U.S. mosque on Wednesday, eager to speak to America on behalf of its Muslim
citizens, looking to counter what the White House describes as poisonous
election-year rhetoric from Republicans.

"We have seen an alarming willingness on the part of some Republicans to try to
marginalize law-abiding, patriotic Muslim Americans, and it is offensive," White
House press secretary Josh Earnest said Tuesday. "We have seen a willingness on
the part of leading Republican presidential candidates to try to appeal to
people's fears and anxieties."

White House aides say Obama won't call out any Republicans by name during his
visit to the Islamic Center of Baltimore mosque. But they privately say that the
spark for the president's visit was Trump's call to halt Muslim immigration to
the United States, a proposal that drew condemnation from some -- but not all --
of the bombastic billionaire's rivals to be the Republican standard-bearer in
2016, and won considerable support in Congress. Obama's advisers also bristle at
charges from some in the GOP that Islam is inherently prone to violence. And
administration officials worry that coverage overseas of Trump's remarks could
fuel what one called a "false impression that we are at war with Islam."
Republicans have often countered that Obama's refusal to brand the enemy
"Islamic extremists" is a nod to politically correct sensibilities that shows he
does not take the threat seriously.

Public opinion polls in late 2015 found that a majority of Republican voters
backed Trump's idea. Democrats overwhelmingly rejected it, and most independents
sided with them.

Among the key audiences for Obama's remarks is America's Muslim community, which
he needs to have as an ally against home-grown extremists, like those who
carried out the deadly attack in San Bernardino, Calif., in December.

"We will have more success in our efforts to prevent that if we work effectively
with the Muslim community to confront that threat as opposed to branding
everybody who attends a mosque as a potential enemy of the United States of
America," Earnest said Tuesday.

Seven years ago, Obama's key audience was Muslims around the world, a
constituency he described as vital to allied efforts to stamp out the kind of
violent extremism that plotted the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.

Back then, the centerpiece of his outreach was a June 2009 speech at Cairo
University in which he pleaded for "a new beginning," acknowledged
"civilization's debt to Islam" and highlighted the contributions of American
Muslims.

"They have fought in our wars, they have served in our government, they have
stood for civil rights, they have started businesses, they have taught at our
universities, they've excelled in our sports arenas, they've won Nobel Prizes,
built our tallest building and lit the Olympic Torch," he said.

Obama is certain to echo that part of his Cairo message on Wednesday as he
visits the Islamic Society of Baltimore mosque, holds a round  table with key
community figures and makes remarks.

Obama has visited mosques in Cairo and Jakarta as president, but never before
one on U.S. soil. He has delivered impassioned pleas for religious acceptance
before, as recently as his appearance at the House Democrats' annual retreat and
his State of the Union address, and years earlier when he defended plans to
build a mosque near ground zero in New York City. He has continued the practice
of holding annual dinners at the White House to mark the end of the Muslim holy
month of Ramadan.

Obama officials cite an unlikely model for this latest outreach: George W. Bush.
They note with approval Bush's visit to the Islamic Center of Washington just
days after the Sept. 11 terrorist strikes.

Bush had declared a "war on terrorism" not quite 12 hours after the attacks. But
he hurried to the Islamic Center of Washington, a mosque and cultural center,
less than a week later, quoted the Quran, and warned that Americans unleashing
their anger on fellow Americans who follow Islam "represent the worst of
humankind."

Culled from: https://www.yahoo.com
/politics/obama-borrows-from-bush-in-first-visit-to-us-220904813.html

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1802


                       Copyright 2016 The News Chronicle.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

ANTI-BDS BILL TO BE SIGNED BY ILLINOIS GOVERNOR

LENGTH: 475  words


Illinois Gov. Bruce Rauner intends to sign a bill that requires state pension
funds to divest from companies that support a growing international movement to
pressure Israel through boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) to end its
occupation of Palestinian territories.


The bill, SB1761, passed unchallenged in the State House of Representatives, and
had previously received similar bipartisan support in the Senate. The BDS
movement, officially launched in 2005 by 171 Palestinian civil society groups
promoting nonviolent resistance to the occupation, has gained momentum in recent
years - with artists, unions and churches all disassociating with Israel. The
movement is loosely modeled after a strategy employed by activists in the 1970s
and 1980s to try to end Apartheid in South Africa.
The BDS movement aims to marginalize Israel within the international community
until it ceases its occupation of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, which is illegal
under international law. Supporters of Israel, however, have charged that the
movement is anti-Semitic and that advocates bear ill will toward the state that
goes beyond the occupation. Some U.S. lawmakers have taken steps to stifle the
movement.
In March, federal lawmakers introduced the "Boycott Our Enemies not Israel Act"
into the House of Representatives. That bill calls for federal contractors to
certify that they do not have "the intent to comply with or support a boycott
against Israel, refuses to do business with or in Israel, with any Israeli
national or resident, or with a business concern organized under Israeli law."
Steven Nasatir, president of the Chicago-based Jewish United Fund, hailed
Illinois' passage of the anti-BDS bill a success.
"At the core of the BDS movement is a quest to delegitimize Israel as a
sovereign, democratic and Jewish state," Nasatir said in a statement. "This
bipartisan legislation sends a strong message that Illinois will not tolerate
such efforts."
The measure, however, does not enjoy widespread support. Hatem Abudayyeh, an
Illinois resident and member of U.S. Palestinian Community Network, said he was
"extremely concerned" with the bill that is "ideological in nature and
politicizes the pension system."
Some have expressed concern over the bill's legality and the precedent it may
send to the state's constituents. Dima Khalidi, director of Palestine Solidarity
Legal Support (PSLS), told Al Jazeera, "Illinois legislators are ignoring
decades of case law that recognizes boycotts as constitutionally-protected
political speech."  The bill "is telling people what the state believes is
acceptable discourse and political activity, thereby dissuading viewpoints that
are contrary to that, whether they're expressed by individuals or by companies
through the ethical business decisions they make," Khalidi said. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            January 28, 2008, Monday

Obama isn't 'the black candidate'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 553 words


If South Carolina's Democratic primary is a sign, then the presidential election
will be more about ideas than the politics of identity. Race and gender did
somewhat sway Saturday's contest, but the top issue for voters was more
universal: the economy.

The fact that the winner, Barack Obama, drew votes across both racial and gender
lines in a Southern state should be seen more as a result of his message
("change" ) than his skin color or sex. This victory may now help him further in
the South, although all voters still need to hear much more from this
fresh-faced candidate.

But the point is that Mr. Obama stuck to the high ground during this first
primary in the South and didn't play the race card, even though 55 percent of
voters in the South Carolina primary were black. And he won decisively despite
the efforts of Hillary and Bill Clinton to subtly suggest that race and gender
are factors in who can win in November. Both candidates, said the former
president during the campaign, "are getting votes, to be sure, because of their
race or gender." And one top Clinton adviser even tried to marginalize Obama as
"the black candidate," which, if voters were to buy that, would relegate him to
the losing history of previous black presidential candidates, such as Jesse
Jackson.

To her credit, though, Mrs. Clinton did not play up her gender as much in South
Carolina as she did in New Hampshire, which she won in part because of strong
support from women. She instead focused again on her longer experience in the
Senate and her eight years as first lady. As it is, she ended up winning only 4
in 10 white female voters in South Carolina, another blow to the distorting idea
of identity politics. And Obama nearly beat her in the white-male vote.

As the nation heads into Super Tuesday, Feb. 5, in which 22 states hold
nominating contests, a pivotal point has been made in the South Carolina
primary: Demographics are not destiny, despite the wishes of pollsters, pundits,
and reporters to see such contests as a clash of groups.

Obama has tried to steer voters and the media toward viewing the 2008
presidential election as a contest of ideas. He even got into trouble by citing
Ronald Reagan's ability to win through ideas.

Presidential leadership should not be about delivering the spoils of government
to one's own collection of groups after winning the White House. Candidates need
to reach for something higher and more unifying.

Obama's Big Idea of "change," however, may turn out to be simply too vague as
the big unifier. He can't run only against the past (whether it is the Bush
years or Washington's polarized politics) but must be more specific in what he
offers as "hope."

As for the voters' top concern, the economy, he did offer some specifics on how
a state such as South Carolina, which ranks fourth in unemployment, might be
helped. His economic plan centers on tax cuts for the lower and middle classes.
But he needs to expound more upon his economic principles than to promise
financial handouts.

Obama's second primary win after his victory in Iowa does not mean that America
is a "postracial" society. He, like any candidate, must address lingering
discrimination. But without a Great Unifier, the nation can't even make further
progress on race.

(c) Copyright 2008. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 31, 2005 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Boston Archdiocese Halves Offers in Open Abuse Cases

BYLINE: By NEELA BANERJEE

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1031 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 30


The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston has extended a financial settlement
proposal to a second wave of victims of sexual abuse by clergy members, offering
far smaller monetary awards than the first settlement in 2003 and establishing a
more rigorous burden of proof for accusers.

The proposed settlement would allot $7.5 million to address the claims of about
100 people who were abused, and the average award would be $75,000. Typically,
one-third to 40 percent of an award goes to lawyers' fees, said victims' rights
advocates and lawyers. In a settlement with 541 victims of sexual abuse by
members of the clergy and the laity in September 2003, the archdiocese paid a
total of about $84 million, or an average award of $155,000.

Thomas H. Hannigan Jr., the lawyer for the Boston archdiocese, said the
straitened finances of the archdiocese necessitated a smaller settlement and
greater scrutiny of the claims. ''Given our present financial condition,'' he
explained, ''we are asking for more rigor to the process to make sure that the
people we're compensating are victims of abuse by Boston priests.''

But victims' rights advocates and the plaintiffs' lawyers sharply criticized the
proposal, contending that as the church dealt with this second round of victims,
it had reverted to the bare-knuckles tactics it had long used to silence or
marginalize them, largely because public attention to the scandals had abated.

Much of the criticism seemed to be generated by the change in direction from the
first settlement, negotiated by Archbishop Sean P. O'Malley after he succeeded
Cardinal Bernard Law.

''We're seeing more and more hardball tactics and low-ball offers and a
retrenchment across the board,'' said David Clohessy, the national director of
the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests.

Mr. Clohessy added that as more dioceses dealt with a second wave of victims,
they would be watching closely how the settlement unfolded in Boston, which is
among the places where the scandal hit hardest. ''I think this will embolden
church lawyers to fight even harder,'' he said.

Plaintiffs' lawyers said the terms of the offer were final, not a bargaining
position the archdiocese had taken, which Mr. Hannigan confirmed.

The controversy over the Boston settlement was first reported Friday by The
Boston Globe. When the archdiocese settled with the first round of victims in
2003, it paid everyone who had made a claim of abuse by priests and laity in the
archdiocese and who was willing to receive a financial award rather than pursue
litigation.

Critics of the archdiocese said they were alarmed by the new standards it had
now imposed in its review of abuse claims, separating them based on credibility
and compelling some claimants to go through a cross-examination process.

The archdiocese created three categories of claimants. The first group, which
comprises about 100 people, has made claims that the archdiocese has determined
clearly to be sexual abuse of minors by diocesan priests. In those cases, an
independent arbitrator will meet with the victim and determine the award
payment. Plaintiffs have until early February to decide if they want to accept
the arbitration offer from the archdiocese. If so, the arbitrator will meet with
them from February to April.

The second group, which Mr. Hannigan said consisted of about 30 people, made
claims for which ''the archdiocese does not presently have a sufficient basis to
determine whether or not the sexual abuse likely occurred,'' according to a
written statement from the archdiocese. Their claims will be reviewed by the
independent arbitrator as well.

During the sessions for the second group, lawyers for the archdiocese will have
the chance to cross-examine the victims. Plaintiffs' lawyers said Mr. Hannigan
had told them that the priests accused of the abuse might attend the arbitration
hearings, though he denied the lawyers' claims that victims would have to face
their accused attackers.

The third group of claimants, which Mr. Hannigan estimated to be about 70
people, have not made allegations of being abused as minors by diocesan priests.
Their claims, instead, include accusations against lay employees of the
archdiocese or priests in religious orders. The 2003 settlement included such
victims. This one does not. Their claims will be reviewed case by case, the
archdiocese's statement said.

Lawyers for plaintiffs and the Catholic Church alike have said that cases of
false accusations are exceedingly rare. So the archdiocese's demand for further
explanation will prove onerous to many plaintiffs, lawyers said.

Carmen L. Durso, who represents 33 claimants, said many had waited until this
round of settlements to make sure that the archdiocese handled their allegations
with understanding. Moreover, he said a survey of 38 clients showed that an
average victim had waited about 33 years from the beginning of the abuse to seek
redress.

The lawyers said those clients they had spoken to about the settlement were
unhappy with the terms. But few are poised to sue the archdiocese successfully.
The state civil code's statute of limitations has run out on most of the abuse,
and nonprofit institutions like the archdiocese are protected by state law from
large damage awards, lawyers said.

''We have clients who have been waiting two years to hear something,'' Mr. Durso
said, ''and they're tired.''

Ruling on Church Property

  PORTLAND, Ore., Dec. 30 (AP) -- A bankruptcy judge ruled Friday that the
Archdiocese of Portland, not its parishes, owns church assets, dealing a blow to
its efforts to protect church property from lawsuits filed by people who say
they were victims of sexual abuse.

Judge Elizabeth Perris of Federal Bankruptcy Court, in two opinions, ruled that
church property and real estate was under the control of the archdiocese, not
its individual parishes, as lawyers for the archdiocese had argued.

The ruling settles a main question on the bankruptcy: whether accepting the
jurisdiction of a federal court might violate the First Amendment rights of the
church to the ''free exercise'' of religion by forcing it to ignore church law
on ownership.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                             April 15, 2003 Tuesday

Another Korean broadband provider fails

BYLINE: by Roger du Mars in Seoul

SECTION: BANKRUPT

LENGTH: 297 words

HIGHLIGHT: Following in the footsteps of rival Korea Thrunet, heavily indebted
Onse Telecom files for court receivership.


South Korea's No. 5 broadband Internet service provider, Onse Telecom, said
Monday, April 14, that it has filed for court receivership, two weeks after
rival Korea Thrunet Co. entered the same process.

Onse, which said it couldn't raise more cash, was hindered by W420 billion
($343.5 million) in debt and a competitor that dominates the market. Onse's
biggest shareholder is ailing Hynix Semiconductor Inc. with a 28.3% holding.

"If Onse can borrow more money to pay its debt, then the future will look bright
again," said spokeswoman Gi Hyun Hong.

Onse, founded in 1996, lost W7.7 billion on W360 billion of sales last year. It
has about 500,000 subscribers, or 4.6% of the domestic market.

With economies of scale counting for much in the broadband Internet market,
industry leader KT Corp. was able to marginalize the small players. KT Corp. has
49% of the market, and Thrunet has 12.1%. South Korea has the world's highest
penetration rate of broadband Internet service, with 11 million subscribers in a
country of 46 million people.

Both Onse and Thrunet were in a tough situation. They needed to invest heavily
in expensive infrastructure to compete, while needing subscribers to pay for the
investments. KT deepened the challenge by keeping subscription prices low and
offering more services while gobbling up more market share.

"Onse and Thrunet were part of process of the big getting bigger and the small
get smaller," said Yong Moon Kim, an analyst at Goodmorning Shinhan Securities.

Hong attributed the difficulty in securing loans to the "tightening financial
market," partly caused by the accounting scandal of South Korean conglomerate SK
Global. But analysts said Onse never turned a profit and has little chance of
doing so.

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Deal L.L.C.


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 17, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR Edition

HUMANITIES CONTROLLED BY FRINGE

BYLINE: Lynne Cheney

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 913 words

COMMENTARY COLUMN


In defense of the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for
the Humanities, a parade of notables has offered up stirring words and lofty
sentiments. Before one congressional committee, author David McCullough talked
about transcendent values and quoted John F. Kennedy. Before another, Charlton
Heston called art "the bread of the soul" and gave a dramatic reading from
Shakespeare.

I thought the same way when I became chairwoman of the NEH. In my confirmation
hearings, I talked about excellence and quoted Matthew Arnold, the 19th-century
British poet and essayist, about whom I had written my doctoral dissertation.
Arnold saw humanistic study as "a disinterested endeavor to learn and propagate
the best that is known and thought in the world."

What nobler undertaking could there be?

But I gradually became aware of a vast discrepancy between what I was saying and
where the humanities were going. When I came to the endowment, I had been away
from the academic world for a number of years, working as a writer and editor.

A new generation of academics, their sensibilities formed in the 1960s, had
begun to come to power. They saw Arnold - and Dante and Shakespeare and Yeats -
as icons of the decadent civilization of the West. They saw traditional
scholarly values - reason, objectivity, excellence - as tools that white males
have used to manipulate and marginalize the rest of us.

And that wasn't even the most radical part of their message. As they saw it, the
traditional scholarly mission - the pursuit of truth - was a task that only the
naive or duplicitous would undertake, because truth does not exist. What we
think is true is merely a construct, a creation that the powerful impose on
everyone else. The intellectual's obligation is thus to construct new versions
of truth to achieve social and political goals that have gone unmet.

The way that the newly powerful '60s generation thought of the humanities posed
enormous problems for the endowment, difficulties that grew worse every year.

A flood of applications came from academics who wanted to use taxpayer money to
advance their agendas. And many NEH panelists who evaluated applications were of
a similar mind-set and thought projects that aimed at social and political
transformation were the only things the endowment should pay for.

Fortunately, the endowment's presidentially appointed advisory board, the
National Council for the Humanities, had a number of scholars - people such as
the historian Gertrude Himmelfarb, Harvey Mansfield of Harvard and Donald Kagan
of Yale - who had no intention of letting scholarly standards fall by the
wayside. And I was willing to turn down projects that had politics as their
goal.

But one can hold back the ocean only so long. In 1992, the members of the
council and I authorized a grant to a group at the University of California at
Los Angeles to develop a set of standards for what U.S. students should know
about history.

The project directors promised to adhere to traditional scholarly precepts like
balance and evenhandedness. What was actually produced, however, was the gloomy,
politically driven, blame-the-West-first revisionism that is all too common
today.

Reading the world history standards, one would think sexism and ethnocentrism
arose in the West, when Western civilization has in fact led the way in
condemning unjust treatment of women and encouraging curiosity about other
cultures.

The American history standards make it seem that Joseph McCarthy and McCarthyism
- mentioned 19 times - are far more important than George Washington - mentioned
twice - or Thomas Edison - mentioned not at all. So outlandish was the
standards' version of history that 99 members of the U.S. Senate voted to
denounce them.

Defenders of the NEH have tried to dismiss these standards as an anomaly, a
departure from the normal order. But in fact they are the normal order - as it
is perceived by academic elites like the leadership of the American Historical
Association, which has endorsed the standards.

What the developers of the standards promised to do was the unusual thing; in
the end they reverted to the norm.

The same is true of what the celebrity defenders of the National Endowment for
the Arts, like the actor Christopher Reeve, are now calling its mistakes.

In the art world, the works of Andres Serrano - who portrayed a crucifix
immersed in urine and who has now turned to close-up photographs of corpses -
and Karen Finley - who makes a statement about the oppression of women by
smearing her breasts with chocolate sauce and bean sprouts - are considered not
mistakes but examples of outstanding accomplishment.

So long as the humanities and arts communities are what they are, the endowments
will be spending taxpayer money on academics and artists whose purpose is to
mock the idea of "the best that is known and thought in the world." To be sure
many people in both the academy and the arts are doing good work; if the
endowments continue, some of them will benefit. But others will be further
marginalized as their colleagues on the cutting edge reap recognition and reward
while undermining the idea that scholarly and esthetic standards matter.

In my view, there is no longer sufficient rationale for federal support for the
endowments. Congress and the taxpayers deserve a little less romancing and a lot
more reality about where the arts and humanities are today.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 13, 2009 Monday

U. of U. officials defend the Middle East Center

BYLINE: By Johanna Watzinger-tharp And Janet Theiss

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 755 words


As leaders in the University of Utah's College of Humanities' international
programs, we feel it is imperative that we respond to The Salt Lake Tribune 's
April 9 news story, "U. humanities dean accused of defamation," which contains
inaccurate allegations and personal attacks by a single university professor.

The professor claims that College of Humanities Dean Robert Newman's failure to
replace departing Middle East Center faculty, and an erosion of Middle East
programs, are putting the center's federal funding at risk. We believe the
article marginalizes the many positive accomplishments of the U's international
programs, including the Middle East Center.

Since Newman's appointment as dean, we have seen a concerted effort to enhance
international focus and accomplishments -- an effort buoyed by President Michael
Young's international vision for the university as a whole. The Middle East
Center, as a federally funded national resource center, or NRC, has consistently
played a central role in this vision. Our plans are to leverage the success of
the Middle East program to achieve the same NRC status for our Asia Center and
our Latin American Studies Program. The Middle East Center's NRC status has been
renewed consistently since its founding in 1960 and we plan to submit a proposal
for the Asia Center this year, and one in 2011 for the Latin American Studies
Program.

This would put our university in an elite group of universities with not one but
three NRCs. To accomplish this ambitious goal requires that the directors
overcome traditional area boundaries and work together to address significant
global themes like human rights, Islam and gender.

We are also developing new connections to professional disciplines such as
business, education, law, social work and public health. As directors, we have
been attending meetings and workshops in Washington, D.C., since last fall in
order to position ourselves well for federal funding. Although seeking NRC
status is highly competitive, we believe our recent initiatives have
strengthened our position.

Rather than diminishing the Middle East Center, as stated in the article, recent
restructuring efforts have enhanced its scope. The new structure brings the
University of Utah more in line with NRC centers at other universities and
better addresses federal funding criteria, which focus on teaching capacity and
the breadth of that capacity. The number of faculty and instructors affiliated
with the Middle East Center has increased by 23 percent over the past two years.
More important, this number includes academic disciplines previously absent.
Furthermore, the number of students in Middle East courses also has
substantially increased, including a 30 percent growth in Arabic.

All of the languages stipulated by the NRC grant continue to be taught and the
college plans to renew the search for an additional Arabic professor next year.
To further strengthen the Middle East Center, the college hired a new director
with years of experience and strong national and international ties.

The college's commitment to international programs under Dean Newman has had
tangible outcomes, including: (1) creation of an associate dean position for
international programs and funding of new director positions; (2) acquisition of
new space for an International Programs Center; (3) establishment of linkages
between international programs and the sciences and the professional schools;
(4) several internationally focused lecture series; (5) the Confucius Institute;
(6) a major Brazilian Studies initiative; (7) an ROTC grant for teaching Arabic,
Chinese, Persian and Pashto, among others; (8) a world language master's degree
that certifies teachers of Arabic, Chinese, Turkish and others.

These are just the most striking examples of the range and extent of
international initiatives in the College of Humanities.

It is unfortunate that a single negative personal perspective highlighted in The
Tribune story has overshadowed the significant progress of our international
programs. As directors, we intend to continue our positive trajectory toward
substantial accomplishment and service to our students and community.

Johanna Watzinger-Tharp is director of the U.'s International Studies Program
and Janet Theiss directs the school's Asia Center. Other contributors to the
column include directors Rebecca Horn , Latin American Studies, and Bahman
Baktiari , Middle East Center; and Department of Languages and Literature
co-chairs Fernando Rubio and Jane Hacking .

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Clinton Gets Set for a Long Slog Against Sanders

BYLINE: By AMY CHOZICK

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1341 words


Facing a tougher than expected challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont,
Hillary Clinton's campaign is preparing for a primary fight that could stretch
into late April or early May and require a sprawling field operation in states
and territories from Pennsylvania to Guam.

With the Iowa caucuses in two weeks and Mr. Sanders's insurgent candidacy
chipping away at Mrs. Clinton's once formidable lead there, Clinton aides are
acknowledging that the road to the party's July convention could be an expensive
slog. ''Remember, I campaigned all the way into June last time,'' Mrs. Clinton
told CNN last week.

Even though the Clinton team has sought to convey that it has built a national
operation, the campaign has invested much of its resources in the Feb. 1
caucuses in Iowa, hoping that a victory there could marginalize Mr. Sanders and
set Mrs. Clinton on the path to the nomination. As much as 90 percent of the
campaign's resources are now split between Iowa and the Brooklyn headquarters,
according to an estimate provided by a person with direct knowledge of the
spending. The campaign denied that figure.

The campaign boasted last June, when Mrs. Clinton held her kickoff event on
Roosevelt Island in New York, that it had at least one paid staff member in all
50 states. But the effort did not last, and the staff members were soon let go
or reassigned. (Mrs. Clinton's campaign manager, Robby Mook, said they had been
hired as temporary workers to sign up volunteers at the start of the campaign,
an effort he said had paid off organizationally.)

The focus on Iowa, which still haunts Mrs. Clinton after the stinging upset by
Barack Obama there in 2008, has been so intense that even organizers in New
Hampshire, which holds its primary on Feb. 9, have complained to the campaign's
leadership that they feel neglected.

On a call with supporters last week, Mrs. Clinton's aides laid out a scenario in
which the race against Mr. Sanders stretched through April, a prospect that they
said would require about $50 million for a national ground operation and other
expenses.

''It's not just a question of the first two states or the first four states,''
Mr. Mook said in an interview at Sunday's Democratic debate in Charleston, S.C.
''We're going to keep going into the map as long as it takes.''

For all its institutional advantages, the Clinton campaign lags behind the
Sanders operation in deploying paid staff members: For example, Mr. Sanders has
campaign workers installed in all 11 of the states that vote on Super Tuesday.
Mrs. Clinton does not, and is relying on union volunteers and members of
supportive organizations such as Planned Parenthood to help her.

''It would be good to have the momentum story the day after the caucus of 'Oh,
Bernie won,' '' Mr. Sanders's campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, said, ''but it's
really about grinding out the delegates, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind.''

Asked about the discrepancy between the campaigns and whether Mrs. Clinton's
team planned to put staff in all of the Super Tuesday states, Marlon Marshall,
her director of state campaigns and political engagement, declined to comment
specifically, and instead repeated this line three times: ''We've had folks in
states for a while.''

The scramble after the contests in Iowa and New Hampshire will be intense. If
Mrs. Clinton fails to win either state and her campaign seems to be stumbling,
her donations could dry up. But a loss could also motivate donors who had viewed
her nomination as a foregone conclusion.

Even if Mrs. Clinton wins in Iowa, where she maintains a slight lead in most
polls, Mr. Sanders could receive an outpouring of small donations if the outcome
is close that would help him compete in subsequent states. Mr. Sanders, a
small-state senator who has never run for national office, has shown surprising
fund-raising muscle. Many of his donors have yet to give him the maximum
individual contribution of $2,700, meaning they could be tapped repeatedly if
the contest remains close. His campaign raised $33 million in the final quarter
of 2015, just $4 million less than Mrs. Clinton.

Mrs. Clinton's aides say they expect to win Iowa and New Hampshire and are ready
for the grind. A giant whiteboard on the wall of the campaign's headquarters
maps out where staff members would be sent depending on the outcomes in the
early states.

''We just game out a bunch of different scenarios,'' Mr. Mook said. ''It's kind
of like 'choose your own adventure.' ''

This is not the adventure the Clinton team would have chosen.

A prolonged primary campaign against an opponent widely popular with the party's
liberal base could exhaust donors who will also be asked to contribute to an
expensive campaign to defeat the Republican nominee. A contentious race against
Mr. Sanders could also weaken Mrs. Clinton's standing among Democratic voters
she would need in November.

During the call with supporters last week, Mrs. Clinton's aides did not talk
much about Iowa, instead emphasizing the possibility that the battle with Mr.
Sanders could quickly become national.

Mrs. Clinton has many strengths to exploit: In a Democratic primary, candidates
are awarded delegates based on their vote totals, so Mrs. Clinton and Mr.
Sanders can get close to the roughly 2,200 needed to secure the nomination by
racking up a combination of victories and solid second-place showings.

Delegates, people active in politics chosen by party leaders to represent their
states at the convention, typically take the lead from whichever candidate won
their state's contest.

The Democratic Party also has ''superdelegates,'' or party leaders and elected
officials who are free to support any candidate. Mrs. Clinton holds a large lead
among these party leaders, with several hundred superdelegates signed on to
support her campaign, compared with 16 or so for Mr. Sanders.

Mrs. Clinton has deep support among blacks and Latinos. Mr. Sanders, by
contrast, has struggled to connect with minorities and trails Mrs. Clinton by
double digits in Nevada and South Carolina, which vote later next month.

Mrs. Clinton's campaign is counting on minority voters to help her win in the
South. It has assembled ''leadership councils'' of elected officials, party
leaders and activists who have endorsed Mrs. Clinton and has held campaign
events in states beyond the early four, including the delegate-rich Texas,
Tennessee, Georgia, Florida and Virginia.

''Many people feel she has a comfortable firewall built past the first two
contests,'' said Anita Dunn, a Democratic strategist unaffiliated with either
candidate. But, she added, if there is one thing ''we've seen in 2016, it's that
politics is not playing by the rules it previously did.''

At a fish fry hosted by Representative James E. Clyburn of South Carolina, held
at an outdoor pavilion in Charleston on the eve of the debate on Sunday, Mrs.
Clinton received a raucous welcome and chants of ''Hillary! Hillary!'' Mr.
Sanders received a less enthusiastic response.

''Once the campaign moves past those first two states, I think the dynamics and
the playing field become much more favorable to Secretary Clinton,'' said Geoff
Garin, a pollster who was a chief strategist on Mrs. Clinton's 2008 campaign.

Mr. Sanders's campaign has also been crunching the delegate math. It says he can
outperform Mrs. Clinton with white voters and voters under 45, who favor Mr.
Sanders two to one, and pick up delegates in states that have caucuses rather
than primaries.

His campaign is optimistic in states like Colorado, Minnesota and Wyoming --
which hold caucuses, a system that favors the party's most liberal voters -- as
well as in other states with relatively small and mostly white populations of
Democrats.

''To be a Democrat in Oklahoma, you've got to be real liberal,'' said Michael
Briggs, a spokesman for Mr. Sanders.

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get
politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/19/us/politics/hillary-clinton-readies-for-a-long
-slog-against-bernie-sanders.html

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Hillary Clinton in Columbia, S.C., on Monday. She is preparing
for a race that could go well beyond Iowa and New Hampshire. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
TRAVIS DOVE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A19)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 24, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Political Memo;
The Mussolini Of Manhattan? Giuliani Grins And Bears It

BYLINE: By DAN BARRY

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1346 words


In satire and in protest, the Mayor of the City of New York is again being
likened to some of the vilest figures in history. But this time Rudolph W.
Giuliani is learning to accept it.

At the Legislative Correspondents Association's annual follies in Albany this
month, Gov. George E. Pataki and his staff staged a "High Noon" skit that
lampooned many of the state's prominent political figures. One joke referred to
the "mean old Mayor down the road who got the trains to run on time," a
reference to Benito Mussolini, the Fascist dictator.

And last week, a Daily News editorial cartoon depicted a shrunken woman with a
swastika armband standing at the door to the emergency command center that the
Mayor plans to build in lower Manhattan. "Uh, Rudy," the caption said, "there's
an Eva Braun to see you."

Years ago, such comparisons -- and there were more than a few -- sent the Mayor
and his aides into apoplexy. But he and his aides have come to view the
comparisons as a perverse validation of his aggressive approach toward molding
the city into a Gotham of order and glitter.

"I've gotten used to it," Mr. Giuliani said in an interview yesterday. "At first
you get very offended by it, but after a while I learned that it's part of the
political debate these days. The way they marginalize you is by the grossest and
most absurd analogies that people can come up with."

Deputy Mayor Randy M. Mastro goes so far as to detect a touch of flattery in the
Giuliani-as-dictator analogies. "A lot of the same kind of stereotyping was done
by the press and political opponents when Fiorello La Guardia was Mayor," he
said, referring to one of La Guardia's nicknames as the "midget Mussolini." "And
he was one of the greatest Mayors in history."

His brief political career suggests that Mr. Giuliani has become less concerned
with loathsome analogies as he has grown more comfortable with his message -- he
has called it a progressive form of Republicanism -- that combines putting
welfare recipients to work with championing gay rights. And it is also possible
that he has gradually learned to try to contain the insults by responding
coolly.

But he wasn't always so tolerant, or so naive as to ignore the political value
of expressing outrage, especially during campaigns. Few in New York politics
have forgotten the painful lesson learned by Robert Abrams, then the Attorney
General, after he called Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato a fascist toward the end of
the 1992 senatorial campaign. Mr. D'Amato framed the comment as an inexcusable
anti-Italian slur, and went on to win re-election.

A few weeks before he was elected in 1993, Mr. Giuliani lashed out at supporters
of his opponent, Mayor David N. Dinkins, for saying that his camp contained
fascist elements. "They then went on to elaborate that I was surrounded with
people like Hitler, Mussolini and Franco," he said at the time. "I don't regard
associations of my people that support me as fascists as a light matter."

And when a City Council member accused the Mayor of wanting "to be another
Mussolini," his communications director, Cristyne F. Lategano, described the
insult in the most personal terms. "It cuts deep, it's very painful, it hurts,"
she said.

In recalling his first term yesterday, the Mayor said that the dictator
analogies were particularly prevalent when he was relentlessly pushing for the
ouster of Ramon Cortines as Schools Chancellor. "But it's ultimately the results
that matter," he said. "Now, several years later, the schools are a lot better
under Rudy Crew," Mr. Cortines's successor.

The comparisons resurfaced this year when he stepped up his "quality of life"
campaign. He went after jaywalkers, issued a call for urban civility, regulated
the sidewalk space used by street artists and reined in taxi drivers. And while
the city's collective head was still spinning from his very public fight with
cabdrivers, the Mayor's Street Vendor Review Panel proposed tough restrictions
on where street peddlers could operate.

The administration soon suspected that the Mayor ran the risk of being seen as a
bully. A poll conducted in early June by the television station NY1 showed that
a growing number of city residents -- 45 percent, up from 36 percent in February
-- thought that the Mayor had an abrasive style that made it difficult for city
government to run smoothly.

Concern over that perception, aides say, is partly why the city administration
recently postponed putting the new street restrictions into effect. Mr. Giuliani
said that none of his recent proposals were "done in a bullying way," but also
acknowledged that his panel is "trying to come up with a more moderate
approach."

Nevertheless, protesters began carrying posters depicting the Mayor with a
Hitlerian mustache and peek-a-boo bangs. The City Council Speaker, Peter F.
Vallone, accused him of being a power-crazed chief executive. The Reverend
Calvin O. Butts 3d, a prominent Baptist minister from Harlem, called the Mayor a
racist whose policies were moving the city toward "a fascist state."

Then, like a gift from the gods of satire, came the recent news that the Mayor
and his staff planned to build a $15 million command center to protect them from
terrorism and natural disasters. Whatever merits the center might have were lost
in its immediate depiction as a "bunker," a term that brings to mind the last
days of Hitler.

It is doubtful that the Eva Braun cartoon or the crack about making the trains
run on time would have been attempted in reference to Bill Clinton, or Newt
Gingrich, or Daniel Patrick Moynihan. Only, it seems, Rudolph W. Giuliani.

Mr. Giuliani said that he attributed the Pataki administration's train joke to
the silliness of the event.  "I've done those skits, and if everybody took them
seriously, I'd be in a lot of trouble." And he called the Eva Braun joke "the
most absurd, based on no reality at all."

"Honestly, it bothers the people around you more than it bothers you because
you've seen it before," he said. "The end result of that particular controversy
is that two years from now, the city is going to have an emergency management
center. And when I leave office, I bet you that's one of the things that I'll be
commended for."

Gene Russianoff, a senior attorney for the New York Public Interest Research
Group who frequently criticizes the Mayor's policies, said that comparing Mr.
Giuliani to Hitler and Mussolini "are way over the top and not deserved in the
context of municipal government."

He added: "You'll never hear them from me."

But Mr. Russianoff said that the Mayor's actions, such as blocking cabdrivers
from Manhattan last month because he suspected they were planning to shut down
the city, are heavy handed and reflective of his earlier career as a prosecutor.
There is also the Mayor's style, he said. "The Mayor himself has debased public
discourse by calling people stupid, silly and ignorant, and by questioning
people's integrity and motives," he said. "So you inherit the wind."

But Mr. Giuliani's aides and supporters say they are not alarmed by the
analogies, because the polling results they see indicate that the Republican's
approval rating, citywide and nationally, is exceptionally high. They dismiss
the unflattering comparisons as cheap shots from the media elite and bitter
Democrats.

"The media and certain adversaries smirk and wink and assume that people share
this underlying sense that's very negative," said Jay Severin, a consultant to
Republicans. "And then lo and behold, voters aren't in on the joke. And guess
what? He keeps winning elections."

Still, the administration has also learned to respect the fine line between
perceptions of an aggressive Mayor and those of a bully.

"It's an odd thing with very strong executives," said Norman Adler, a consultant
mostly to Democrats.

"You either love the fact that they're very, very strong because you benefit,"
he said, "or you hate that they're very, very strong because you don't.

"One man's Hitler is another man's Abraham Lincoln."

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Smile, Mayor. Who cares about those dictator jokes? Your polls
are great. (Ruby Washington/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday

Leaders slam split-redistricting plan for Toledo

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1224 words


Sept. 15--The plan to split Toledo into three Congressional districts was panned
by most city and Lucas County officials Wednesday over worries that the area's
clout in Washington will shrink.

The three Democratic county commissioners, along with Toledo Mayor Mike Bell and
Lucas County Democratic Chairman Ron Rothenbuhler, blasted the partitioning of
Toledo into three Congressional districts as planned by the
Republican-controlled Ohio House of Representatives. They said Toledo will lose
power because it won't be the majority population center of any one
congressional district.

"This redistricting plan is a travesty to Lucas County citizens," County
Commissioner Carol Contrada said, adding that the proposed map fails to set up a
compact district that seeks to keep counties and communities of interest
together. "This marginalizes Lucas County and it weakens our voice," Ms.
Contrada said.

Commissioners Pete Gerken and Tina Skeldon Wozniak expressed similar disapproval
of the plan slicing Lucas County into three roughly equal-sized congressional
districts. Mr. Gerken said it will make work harder for elected officials and
confuse citizens needing help on federal issues, such as veterans' and Social
Security benefits.

"Who are you going to call? You have to go to a street map," Mr. Gerken said. He
said Lucas County benefits by having a single congressman, now U.S. Rep. Marcy
Kaptur (D., Toledo), to help funnel money to big projects, such as the Veterans'
Glass City Skyway bridge over the Maumee River.

Mr. Gerken said it isn't a partisan issue, even though the new map ends
Democratic control of Lucas County and turns over big chunks to districts that
likely will have Republican representation.

The new congressional map shrinks the number of Ohio congressional districts
from 18 to 16 because the state's population did not keep pace with population
growth in western and southern states in the 2010 Census. The new boundaries are
up for a vote of the full House of Representatives as early as today in
Columbus.

As far as Lucas County is concerned, the 5th District, now represented by Bob
Latta (R., Bowling Green), would take over all of western Lucas County and big
parts of South and West Toledo. And the 4th District, now represented by Jim
Jordan (R., Urbana), includes parts of South, East, North, and downtown Toledo
and Oregon.

Miss Kaptur retains the central city, along with pieces of West, North, and East
Toledo, part of Oregon, and most of Jerusalem Township.

Her new district looks similar to her current district, but is stretched in a
narrow swath along Lake Erie into west Cleveland.

Opponents yesterday began talking about starting a referendum repeal effort.

"I'll circulate the petitions," Jim Ruvolo, a former Ohio Democratic Party
chairman from Ottawa Hills, said. "To split Lucas County into three districts
and to make a district that's over 100 miles long and so thin you can barely
find it on a map is the most blatant political gerrymandering I've ever seen,"
he said, referring to the proposed 9th District.

If the new map is enacted for 2012, Miss Kaptur might have to compete in a
Democratic party primary election with Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D., Cleveland), who
also lives in the newly drawn 9th District. Mr. Kucinich issued a fund-raising
letter to his supporters yesterday indicating that he plans to run.

Mayor Bell, a political independent who is a longtime Democrat but who has at
times agreed with Republican Gov. John Kasich, said the plan isn't good for
Toledo.

"I don't think this district is appropriate for us. We already have a district
council plan. We don't need a district Congress plan," Mr. Bell said. "When
we're a city trying to turn ourselves around, this comes at a most inappropriate
time."

Both Mr. Latta and Mr. Jordan said in interviews yesterday with The Blade that
if re-elected in the new districts, they will give constituents in Lucas County
equal representation with other parts of their districts. Both highlighted their
connections with Toledo.

Mr. Jordan, who was a high school wrestler, recalled traveling to Toledo for
matches during the 1980s and coming to Toledo for World Cup wrestling matches
held at the University of Toledo. Mr. Latta said he got his law degree at the
University of Toledo and worked for a Toledo law firm and a bank in Toledo for
most of the 1980s.

"It is what it is and we're going to work hard to hopefully win and continue to
work hard to represent it," Mr. Jordan said, referring to the 2012 election.
"Even though we have represented much of the district for a number of years, any
campaign in such a big district is sure to be long and expensive," he said.

Mr. Latta said he'll represent the district without regard to partisanship.

"I look at my district as a family. When I get the new sections of the district
that are coming in, that's part of my family. Wherever I'm supposed to be, I'm
going to be there," Mr. Latta said. He said Lucas County will be the most
populous county in his district.

Lucas County Republican Party Chairman Jon Stainbrook said, "This is a great day
for Toledo because now we have three congressmen that will be concerned about
Toledo." He noted that two of those congressmen -- Mr. Latta and Mr. Jordan --
are in the majority party in Congress, while Miss Kaptur is in the minority.

"The way I understand this is that the federal courts have mandated these
districts have to be equal down to the last voter. Because of that, the lines
are what we have to work with," Mr. Stainbrook said.

Cleveland, Akron, Columbus, Dayton, and Cincinnati already are split into more
than one district, and Summit County, where Akron is located, is going to be
divided four ways under the new district maps.

"We're having fewer and fewer districts," said John Green, executive director of
the University of Akron's Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics. "You can't
build a district around every metropolitan area. What we've learned here in
Akron is there are some real costs to not having a single member of Congress.
The silver lining is you have the attention of three members of Congress."

A resolution introduced in Toledo City Council yesterday said the plan will
prevent the people of northwest Ohio from having a strong voice in Washington.

Even Councilman Rob Ludeman, a Republican, said the three-way split won't make
for good governance.

"It doesn't make sense to me. We should have one congressional district so you
have one congressman to go to. It's going to create mass confusion for people
with Social Security, and passports, and veterans' issues," Mr. Ludeman said.
"As Toledo being an urban core, our issues tend to be different than the issues
in the more rural areas that Bob and Jim Jordan tend to represent."

Democratic Councilman Joe McNamara said, "This is very bad for Toledo, whatever
your political affiliation is." Councilman Mike Craig, a Democrat, said Toledo
is being used as a "pawn" in a political battle. Councilman D. Michael Collins
said the proposal is "totally dysfunctional."

"It makes me think we probably would have been better off if we were Toledo,
Michigan," Mr. Collins, a political independent, said.

Contact Tom Troy at tomtroy@theblade.com or 419-724-6058.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110915-TO-Leaders-slam-split-redistricting-plan-for-Toledo-0915-20110915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday

Leaders slam split-redistricting plan for Toledo

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1224 words


Sept. 15--The plan to split Toledo into three Congressional districts was panned
by most city and Lucas County officials Wednesday over worries that the area's
clout in Washington will shrink.

The three Democratic county commissioners, along with Toledo Mayor Mike Bell and
Lucas County Democratic Chairman Ron Rothenbuhler, blasted the partitioning of
Toledo into three Congressional districts as planned by the
Republican-controlled Ohio House of Representatives. They said Toledo will lose
power because it won't be the majority population center of any one
congressional district.

"This redistricting plan is a travesty to Lucas County citizens," County
Commissioner Carol Contrada said, adding that the proposed map fails to set up a
compact district that seeks to keep counties and communities of interest
together. "This marginalizes Lucas County and it weakens our voice," Ms.
Contrada said.

Commissioners Pete Gerken and Tina Skeldon Wozniak expressed similar disapproval
of the plan slicing Lucas County into three roughly equal-sized congressional
districts. Mr. Gerken said it will make work harder for elected officials and
confuse citizens needing help on federal issues, such as veterans' and Social
Security benefits.

"Who are you going to call? You have to go to a street map," Mr. Gerken said. He
said Lucas County benefits by having a single congressman, now U.S. Rep. Marcy
Kaptur (D., Toledo), to help funnel money to big projects, such as the Skyway
Veterans' Memorial Bridge over the Maumee River.

Mr. Gerken said it isn't a partisan issue, even though the new map ends
Democratic control of Lucas County and turns over big chunks to districts that
likely will have Republican representation.

The new congressional map shrinks the number of Ohio congressional districts
from 18 to 16 because the state's population did not keep pace with population
growth in western and southern states in the 2010 Census. The new boundaries are
up for a vote of the full House of Representatives as early as today in
Columbus.

As far as Lucas County is concerned, the 5th District, now represented by Bob
Latta (R., Bowling Green), would take over all of western Lucas County and big
parts of South and West Toledo. And the 4th District, now represented by Jim
Jordan (R., Urbana), includes parts of South, East, North, and downtown Toledo
and Oregon.

Miss Kaptur retains the central city, along with pieces of West, North, and East
Toledo, part of Oregon, and most of Jerusalem Township.

Her new district looks similar to her current district, but is stretched in a
narrow swath along Lake Erie into west Cleveland.

Opponents yesterday began talking about starting a referendum repeal effort.

"I'll circulate the petitions," Jim Ruvolo, a former Ohio Democratic Party
chairman from Ottawa Hills, said. "To split Lucas County into three districts
and to make a district that's over 100 miles long and so thin you can barely
find it on a map is the most blatant political gerrymandering I've ever seen,"
he said, referring to the proposed 9th District.

If the new map is enacted for 2012, Miss Kaptur might have to compete in a
Democratic party primary election with Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D., Cleveland), who
also lives in the newly drawn 9th District. Mr. Kucinich issued a fund-raising
letter to his supporters yesterday indicating that he plans to run.

Mayor Bell, a political independent who is a longtime Democrat but who has at
times agreed with Republican Gov. John Kasich, said the plan isn't good for
Toledo.

"I don't think this district is appropriate for us. We already have a district
council plan. We don't need a district Congress plan," Mr. Bell said. "When
we're a city trying to turn ourselves around, this comes at a most inappropriate
time."

Both Mr. Latta and Mr. Jordan said in interviews yesterday with The Blade that
if re-elected in the new districts, they will give constituents in Lucas County
equal representation with other parts of their districts. Both highlighted their
connections with Toledo.

Mr. Jordan, who was a high school wrestler, recalled traveling to Toledo for
matches during the 1980s and coming to Toledo for World Cup wrestling matches
held at the University of Toledo. Mr. Latta said he got his law degree at the
University of Toledo and worked for a Toledo law firm and a bank in Toledo for
most of the 1980s.

"It is what it is and we're going to work hard to hopefully win and continue to
work hard to represent it," Mr. Jordan said, referring to the 2012 election.
"Even though we have represented much of the district for a number of years, any
campaign in such a big district is sure to be long and expensive," he said.

Mr. Latta said he'll represent the district without regard to partisanship.

"I look at my district as a family. When I get the new sections of the district
that are coming in, that's part of my family. Wherever I'm supposed to be, I'm
going to be there," Mr. Latta said. He said Lucas County will be the most
populous county in his district.

Lucas County Republican Party Chairman Jon Stainbrook said, "This is a great day
for Toledo because now we have three congressmen that will be concerned about
Toledo." He noted that two of those congressmen -- Mr. Latta and Mr. Jordan --
are in the majority party in Congress, while Miss Kaptur is in the minority.

"The way I understand this is that the federal courts have mandated these
districts have to be equal down to the last voter. Because of that, the lines
are what we have to work with," Mr. Stainbrook said.

Cleveland, Akron, Columbus, Dayton, and Cincinnati already are split into more
than one district, and Summit County, where Akron is located, is going to be
divided four ways under the new district maps.

"We're having fewer and fewer districts," said John Green, executive director of
the University of Akron's Ray C. Bliss Institute of Applied Politics. "You can't
build a district around every metropolitan area. What we've learned here in
Akron is there are some real costs to not having a single member of Congress.
The silver lining is you have the attention of three members of Congress."

A resolution introduced in Toledo City Council yesterday said the plan will
prevent the people of northwest Ohio from having a strong voice in Washington.

Even Councilman Rob Ludeman, a Republican, said the three-way split won't make
for good governance.

"It doesn't make sense to me. We should have one congressional district so you
have one congressman to go to. It's going to create mass confusion for people
with Social Security, and passports, and veterans' issues," Mr. Ludeman said.
"As Toledo being an urban core, our issues tend to be different than the issues
in the more rural areas that Bob and Jim Jordan tend to represent."

Democratic Councilman Joe McNamara said, "This is very bad for Toledo, whatever
your political affiliation is." Councilman Mike Craig, a Democrat, said Toledo
is being used as a "pawn" in a political battle. Councilman D. Michael Collins
said the proposal is "totally dysfunctional."

"It makes me think we probably would have been better off if we were Toledo,
Michigan," Mr. Collins, a political independent, said.

Contact Tom Troy at tomtroy@theblade.com or 419-724-6058.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110915-TO-HLT-Leaders-slam-split-redistricting-plan-for-Toledo-0915-20110915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

EX-CHIEF: POLICE BLOCKING REFORMS Final-days report depicts conflict

BYLINE: Nicholas Deshais nickd@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5440

SECTION: A; Pg. 001

LENGTH: 954 words


In his final work for the city of Spokane, ousted police Chief Frank Straub
criticized the "old guard" in the department and said they were to blame for any
lack of reform.

Though the report Straub delivered to City Hall on Monday was intended to
"institutionalize" his reform efforts in the department, he used the document to
lambaste those who he said had a "stranglehold" on the department and were
actively working against him.

Straub said members of his command staff, as well as rank-and-file police
officers, "worked to protect the old culture, undermine the reforms, and
marginalize officers" who  supported his reforms.

Brian Coddington, the mayor's spokesman, said city and police department
officials are reviewing the report, and may have "follow-up questions to either
provide clarity or provide additional information."

Coddington said the overriding goal of the report is to ensure any progress made
under Straub is maintained.

"He's delivered everything we expected him to deliver," Coddington said. "Those
materials will be reviewed by the folks in the Spokane Police Division that
they're more useful to. There was a lot of great progress that was made and our
goal is to keep that."

Besides the report, Straub also delivered a memorandum about a program to keep
low-level offenders out of jail.

The two documents, which Coddington has described as the "lion's share" of
Straub's work since he was forced to resign in September, constitute 1,859
words. In the 83 days between Straub's removal and when the reports were turned
in, Straub earned about $40,800. That's about $22 a word.

Straub was forced to resign after employees accused him of inappropriate
behavior, including allegations of sexual harassment from the department's
former spokeswoman, Monique Cotton. Straub remains the highest paid employee at
City Hall, making $179,484 through the end of the year.

When Mayor David Condon announced Straub's removal as chief, he said Straub
would be reassigned to the city attorney's office, where he would work on
criminal justice issues.

In the days following his re-election, Condon said he expected Straub to put
together a report on criminal justice initiatives in a "coherent way."

"We really don't have the depth of the programmatic information, especially from
other communities where these were started," Condon said, referring to youth
outreach programs. "So I want to make sure we have that so we can build from
that. We've really focused more on the implementation side of that, so now I
really want to make sure we also have the credentials for those programs, the
resources that were utilized to develop those programs."

Straub wrote five paragraphs about the youth outreach programs.

One thing Condon said he wanted from Straub that doesn't appear to have been
completed was a report on "the security of urban centers, and how that's done
differently across the United States."

Straub was told to create a report outlining the department's strategy for its
youth outreach programs, called the Youth and Police Initiative, and the Police
Youth Athletic League. Instead, Straub offered his "perspective" on the
programs.

Both, he said, were successful but needed to secure funding mechanisms.

Coddington said the city wants to sustain those programs because both were
popular with officers and kids who were involved.

"How do we institutionalize that? How do we keep those programs moving forward?"
Coddington said.

Straub devoted three paragraphs about the Faith and Community Leaders Alliance,
saying it "must be sustained."

Straub also delivered a "memorandum" describing his efforts to bring a Law
Enforcement Assisted Diversion program to Spokane. These programs are intended
to keep low-level offenders out of jail and direct them to programs to help with
addiction or other issues. Straub said he was unable to fully describe what he
had done because the city had blocked his access to his police department
computer and internal website.

Overall, Straub's main report details his frustration with the department's
culture, especially considering where it was when he was hired in 2012.

"At the time, it was believed the police department failed to properly
investigate Otto Zehm's death, had intentionally released false information, and
that police officers had lied under oath," Straub wrote. "Community outrage
reached the breaking point after 50 police officers stood and saluted the
Officer Thompson as he was led from the federal courtroom."

One of the officers who saluted, Craig Meidl, was elevated to the role of
assistant chief under Straub, a post he willingly gave up but recently regained.

Straub said he pushed against forces protecting "the old culture," but was
unsuccessful.

"I tried to break the 'stranglehold' these officers had on the department, in
the end, it contributed to my termination, as it ended the tenure of previous
chiefs," he wrote.

Straub's attorney, Mary Schultz, previously named former chiefs Anne Kirkpatrick
and Alan Chertok who were pushed out of their jobs in a "methodical, damaging
process." She did not return calls seeking comment. Straub has filed a $4
million claim against the city alleging violation of due process.

Though Straub said "the pace of reform was intense, and the changes dramatic"
under his leadership, he said further reforms for the department are impeded by
a  "hostile environment"  that is defined by an internecine conflict between the
old guard and emerging creative leaders who embrace community policing."

Coddington suggested Straub's description of a police department culture in
conflict wasn't right.

"There's been some great progress," he said. "People are aligned as far as what
the outcomes need to be."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 8, 2015 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Joe's Movie Lounge: Best actress win for Moore would recognize career
achievements Actress is the favorite as a professor with early onset Alzheimer's
THE OSCARS: ACTRESS

BYLINE:  By Joe Williams St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: A&E; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 745 words


Every week leading up to the Oscars we'll highlight one of the top races. The
awards air Feb. 22 on ABC.

The audience for the Academy Awards skews female the way the Super Bowl skews
male. And the winner of best actress is the MVP. The lucky lady doesn't need a
congratulatory trip to Disneyland because as soon as she accepts the gold
statue, she's already the queen of a global Fantasyland.

Yet while popular culture curtsies to actresses, touching their hems to ask what
they're wearing, the business side of Hollywood continues to marginalize them.
Some years, it's hard to find five femme-centric movies from which to cull the
Oscar nominees. And often the winners are from films that barely stirred a
ripple in the marketplace.

This year, the favorite for best actress is Julianne Moore in "Still Alice." The
movie itself, which finally opened in St. Louis last week, is an arthouse
version of a disease-of-the-week flick for cable TV. But Moore, as a linguistics
professor suffering from early onset Alzheimer's disease, is tremendous. Her
character, Alice, drifts between two worlds - the clearly defined life of a
do-it-all mother, and the foggy life on the other side of the looking glass. The
inevitable outcome makes it all the more heartbreaking. Like Meryl Streep, the
veteran Moore continues to reminds us that the essence of acting is
transformation. From "The Big Lebowski" to "The Hours" to "The Kids Are All
Right," she's never been a pigeon-holed "type," and her deserving Oscar win will
also be a lifetime-achievement award.

Moore's competition in the category includes two former winners and two
up-and-comers. In the latter category, Rosamund Pike gives a transformative
performance as the double-crossing wife in "Gone Girl" (the biggest hit among
the five nominated films in this category). Because Pike is British and
relatively unknown, audiences may not have realized just how hard she worked to
create this two-faced American character. Although Pike is publicity shy, she is
now on the fast track for a rewarding career. While we await her next move,
compare her work as a '60s sophisticate in "An Education" to her comedic role in
"The World's End" and you'll get a sense of her range.

Felicity Jones is another Brit who is bound for stardom. She has been cast as
the lead in an upcoming "Star Wars" spinoff, and in the latest "Captain America"
movie she dipped her toes in the Marvel waters. In "The Theory of Everything,"
she takes the typically thankless role of a helpmate (to Eddie Redmayne as
physically challenged scientist Stephen Hawking) and elevates it into a
co-equal. Think Jennifer Connelly in "A Beautiful Mind." Jones is charming,
supportive and ultimately quite complex, but she's in such strong company that
she will be overlooked.

Reese Witherspoon has almost no company as a meditative hiker in "Wild" - or as
a risk-taking producer in real life. Quietly, the Oscar winner for 2005's "Walk
the Line" (in which she played a helpmate to a damaged man) has transformed
herself into a behind-the-scenes force in Hollywood. She bought the rights to
the novel "Gone Girl," expecting to star in a movie version, but when director
David Fincher insisted on an unknown, Witherspoon turned her attention to
producing and starring in "Wild." In the true story of Cheryl Strayed, a
Minneapolis waitress who overcame addiction and divorce by trekking 2,000 miles
along the Pacific coast, Witherspoon shines. But without co-stars to bend the
light, her artistry exists in a virtual vacuum.

Marion Cotillard has plenty of co-stars in "Two Days, One Night," as she plays a
depressed woman who must go door-to-door persuading her co-workers to vote for a
contract that will protect her job. Cotillard is the French actress who won an
Oscar for 2007's "La Vie en Rose," a role in which her passionate singing
overcame the language barrier. This is an altogether different role, very
nervous and internal, and it's unlikely that even the majority of Oscar voters
will watch a foreign workplace drama. C'est dommage. Cotillard is great, but
many people in this world, like half the co-workers in this riff on "Run Lola
Run," are unsympathetic toward depression. This is Alzheimer's year.

---

THE NOMINEES

MARION COTILLARD: "Two Days, One Night" FELICITY JONES: "The Theory of
Everything" J ULIANNE MOORE: "Still Alice" ROSAMUND PIKE: "Gone Girl" REESE
WITHERSPOON: "Wild"

SHOULD WIN o JULIANNE MOORE, "STILL ALICE" WILL WIN o JULIANNE MOORE, "STILL
ALICE"

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Kristen Stewart (left) and Julianne Moore in "Still Alice"  This image
released by Fox Searchlight Pictures shows Reese Witherspoon in a scene from the
film, "Wild." (AP Photo/Fox Searchlight Pictures, Anne Marie Fox)  This photo
provided by courtesy of Sony Pictures Classics shows Julianne Moore as Alice, in
a scene from the film, "Still Alice." (AP Photo/Sony Pictures Classics, Jojo
Whilden)  Marion Cotillard arrives at the 87th Academy Awards nominees luncheon
at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Monday, Feb. 2, 2015, in Beverly Hills, Calif.
(Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)  Felicity Jones arrives at the 87th
Academy Awards nominees luncheon at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Monday, Feb. 2,
2015, in Beverly Hills, Calif. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)  Julianne
Moore arrives at the 21st annual Screen Actors Guild Awards at the Shrine
Auditorium on Sunday, Jan. 25, 2015, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan
Strauss/Invision/AP)  Rosamund Pike arrives at the 87th Academy Awards nominees
luncheon at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Monday, Feb. 2, 2015, in Beverly Hills,
Calif. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)  Reese Witherspoon arrives at the
87th Academy Awards nominees luncheon at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Monday,
Feb. 2, 2015, in Beverly Hills, Calif. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN - SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 11, 2011 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Congressional remapping plan stifles Erie's voice

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 513 words


Dec. 11--If ever there was a time for real bipartisanship to try to preserve the
Erie region's voice in the federal government, it's now. Erie County is about to
be sliced essentially in half in the politically charged process of redrawing
boundaries for Congressional districts across the state.

Erie County is being split up in a raw political power play by the state's top
Republicans. Such a move would shift the 3rd Congressional District's power
center from Erie to Butler.

Erie has been well-served by both Republicans and Democrats in Congress, but
splitting Erie county affects our stature, our influence, our self-image. As
former Democratic Congressional candidate Ronald A. DiNicola rightly said last
week, any plan to divide Erie County is "unnatural, inherently suspect and
harmful. ... It would marginalize the economic and political profile of the
region."

According to legislative sources, in the plan to be released Monday, U.S. Rep.
Mike Kelly, of Butler, R-3rd Dist., would retain representation of the city of
Erie and western Erie County. Republican U.S. Rep. Glenn Thompson, of Howard
Township, Centre County (about 206 miles away in the geographic center of the
state) would add eastern Erie County to his 17-county 5th District.

While it's understandable that changes should be expected in our region as
Pennsylvania loses one of its 19 congressional districts, based on a comparative
population drop in the 2010 Census, this "gerrymandered" plan is without merit,
fairness or defense. The city of Butler's population is 13,757; it fell 9
percent, compared to Erie's population, which fell 1.9 percent to 101,786. Erie
County's population dropped 0.1 percent, to 280,566, compared to a 3.4 percent
gain for Butler County, to 183,862. Yet Erie County still has almost 100,000
more people than Butler. County, according to the U.S. Census.

By hacking into northwestern Pennsylvania and expanding the district into all of
Butler County, the Republican plan, orchestrated by state Rep. Daryl Metcalfe,
R-Cranberry, chairman of the State Government Committee, makes absolutely no
sense other than to tailor a new 3rd District to shift the power center to
Butler for years to come, and help Kelly win re-election.

Kelly hosted a tea party event at his car dealership in Butler in May 2010, at
which Metcalfe, then a candidate for lieutenant governor, and Kelly both spoke
to a crowd of more than 250, according to PAGovWatch.com. Metcalfe and Kelly
should now insist that public hearings be held, including in Erie County, before
the GOP-controlled Legislature votes on this plan. The fear of Common Cause
Executive Director Barry Kaufmann is that the plan will be rushed through both
chambers before any meaningful review is completed. That is unacceptable.

In the meantime, Erie's leaders, regardless of party, must act together,
swiftly, to fight efforts to split our county and stifle our united voice in
federal government.

___ (c)2011 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111211-EI-EDITORIAL-Congressional-remapping-plan-stifles-Erie-s-voice-1211-201
11211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday

Address code: Respect people with disabilities

BYLINE: HARRIETTE COLE

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7E

LENGTH: 463 words


Dear Harriette: You recently addressed a question about helping a person with a
disability. I feel the response was good, but my concern with the article was
the way people with disabilities were ad-dressed.

A person is not handicapped nor disabled; they have a disability. For instance:
My daughter is not my disabled daughter; she is my daughter first and, secondly,
she has a disability. When I introduce her, I don't say, "This is my disabled
daughter." I introduce her as my daughter. We need to show respect for all
people with disabilities. Thanks for listening, and keep up the good work.

-- Joy, New York

Dear Joy: Thank you so much for the clarification. The last thing I intended was
to marginalize people with disabilities in any way. My intention was to
acknowledge that people with disabilities are, indeed, people. They may need
and/or appreciate support from others when they are facing challenges -- or not.
Paying attention to the moment and pausing before acting is wise for any
able-bodied person who may be considering jumping in to offer support.

Your note is important, as even people who are making an effort to be
conscientious can express their understanding naively. Such was the case with
me. Yes, people are people. There's a wonderful book called "Of Water and the
Spirit" by Malidoma Some (Penguin Books/Arkana, 1994). In this book, Some talks
about how in his indigenous culture in Burkina Faso, West Africa, all people are
considered viable to the community, and people with disabilities are celebrated
as special. They are given the role of gatekeepers between the villagers and the
spiritual world. Practically, they are invited to fill vital roles in the
community. Every single person is important.

I love the idea of embracing individuals as they are and, instead of seeing
limitations of any kind, choosing to see God in them.

Dear Harriette: Often when I go out with my boyfriend, he runs out of money. He
does pay for the first round of drinks or activity, but if we're going several
places, he invariably runs out. I always ask at the beginning if he has enough
money for what we've planned to do, and he shrugs it off.

I want to be a team with him, but he's acting too macho for me to let him know I
want to participate. If we start out with the same plan, there will be no need
for embarrassment. How can I express that to him?

-- Marge, Queens, N.Y.

Dear Marge: Why not start by telling him exactly what you told me? You want to
be in a viable partnership with him, which means you want to plan your budget --
not just for the weekend but for your life together. Talk frankly about how
money dries up too fast, along with suggestions on how teamwork can help extend
its life in your life together.

Send questions to ask harriette@harriettecole.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                          November 29, 2006 Wednesday

When war is history, let the boom begin

BYLINE: Roger Cohen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1010 words

DATELINE: HO CHI MINH CITY


If you're wondering why Asia is booming and the Middle East is not, it's worth
pondering the recent visit to India by President Hu Jintao of China. The two
countries don't agree on their border and have fought over it.

Their response? Double trade to $40 billion by 2010

Underlying that accord, announced after Hu met with Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh of India, is the broad Asian consensus that growth, trade and
globalization's web of connections resolve or marginalize other problems.
Exchange Indian steel for Chinese electronic goods and the shedding of blood for
a mountain pass begins to seem silly.

These two leaders of the world's most important emergent powers have understood
that in the age of globalization the utility of wars has declined. It simply
does not pay for big countries to go to war to get what they want.

Imagine the Israeli prime minister, Ehud Olmert, sitting down with Mahmoud
Abbas, the president of the Palestinian National Authority, and agreeing to
differ on final borders while undertaking to achieve Palestinian statehood and
triple trade by 2010. Unthinkable, unless both opt to take an Asian sabbatical
and return inspired.

Those leaders might also care to consider President George W. Bush's recent
visit to this booming city, home to the Vietnamese stock exchange, which is up
more than 70 percent this year. A little over three decades ago the American war
in Vietnam ended. But that's ancient history to the Vietnamese, who look forward
rather than back.

I happened to travel to Vietnam from Egypt, where of course I heard about
Palestinian olive trees stolen by Jews in 1948 and Saladin's recapture of
Jerusalem from the invading Crusaders in 1187. Those events of 58 and 819 years
ago seemed to have occurred yesterday, still capable of inspiring a gyre of
violence.

At the table with Bush during his visit were two businessmen one a young
American from Louisville, Kentucky, the other a Vietnamese-American who was
airlifted to safety from the roof of the U.S. Embassy in 1975 and has since
returned as an Intel executive. Their stories are instructive.

When conflict turns repetitive, and bold solutions are not sought, people with
brains, money and initiative vote with their feet. They leave. A rump population
with little of the above is left behind and war becomes their way of life.
That's happened in the Palestinian territories; it's happening in Iraq. But when
conflict becomes history, or even ancient history, the reverse process occurs.

Walter Blocker, the 38-year-old chief executive of Gannon Vietnam who spent an
hour with Bush, arrived here in the mid-1990s, saw a poor country about to open
to the world, went home, took a second mortgage on his house, and put $50,000
into starting a business to ''manage brands in exchange for exclusive
distribution rights.''

Today, Gannon is the sole agent for L'Oreal. It imports and distributes Diageo
drinks, including Baileys liqueur and Smirnoff Vodka. It's investing nearly $800
million in a power plant to serve Vietnam's fast-growing needs.

''Electricity's a lot easier to sell than Baileys,'' Blocker said.

Over a decade, the company has accompanied Vietnam's development from a
war-traumatized, traffic-light-free land of people in washed-out gray suits to a
vibrant economy in vertical lift-off phase. The last 10 years have been the most
dynamic in Vietnam's history; Blocker believes the next 10 will be better still.
The country's still poor, but it's no longer a dusty den of depression like
Gaza.

''Globalization is an opening that gives each country the chance to present what
its economy does well, and Vietnam has seized that opportunity in everything
from textiles to pepper and coffee,'' he said.

And what of jobs lost back home to Vietnam's new factories?

''When I hear complaints in North Carolina about lost textile jobs, I say that
if you think blocking trade with China or Vietnam will bring back light
manufacturing industry, you're wrong. People in America want to evolve. They
don't want to cut and sew today, cut and sew tomorrow. We also made a promise as
Americans that we'd engage in fair trade and help countries to become market
economies. We can't abandon them once they do well.''

Yes, people want to evolve. They also want jobs. Managing the disruptive forces
of globalization is not easy. But neither aspiration is served by sitting on the
sidelines in a donkey cart, or pretending that globalization can be reversed.

Than Trong Phuc, who manages Intel's Vietnam business, was also in the meeting
with Bush. Because his mother worked for the U.S. Consular Service, he was in a
helicopter that lifted off from the Saigon embassy five hours before North
Vietnamese Army tanks crashed through the gates. His odyssey then took him to a
refugee camp in Guam, Minnesota, Florida and finally California, where he joined
Intel in 1986.

Now Phuc is overseeing a $1 billion Intel investment in Vietnam. The money is
being spent on a huge test-and-assembly chip factory near Ho Chi Minh City that
will employ 4,000 people and begin operations in late 2008. Intel recently upped
its Vietnamese gamble from the $600-million plant previously planned.

''It was not an easy decision, but the strong government commitment to
technology, motivated work force, exploding Internet use, strong growth and
competitive cost structure convinced us,'' Phuc said.

There was something else, too: a positive culture. The median age in Vietnam is
25. A lot of those young people are on motorbikes moving in urban swarms. Almost
none has insurance. Every day there are thousands of small accidents.

''So what happens is people argue for a little bit, maybe pay a little money,
and then say, O.K., let's move on,'' Phuc noted. ''The Vietnamese culture is to
look forward. Each accepts to lose a little bit and then move on.''

Lose a little bit and then move on: is anyone in the Middle East listening? The
worst is not inevitable if you turn your gaze from the past.

*

E-mail: rocohen@nytimes.com

*

Tomorrow: Elisabeth Rosenthal on whether medicine can save you from holiday
excess.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 18, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM - Letters to the editor

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 1309 words


Society's differential treatment for gays Re: "Lives of gay couple who were
killed in accident," March 16 Open Forum.

Letter-writer Clarence Lederhos is right; there is nothing about the death of a
lesbian couple in a car wreck that should warrant special attention in the news.
Their common tragedy shouldn't evoke any more attention than it would if they
were a heterosexual couple.

But, for some reason, our society does treat gays and lesbians differently.
Irrational hate and fear seems to drive some people to marginalize homosexuals.
Some of them even have the gall to invoke the name Jesus Christ when justifying
their attempts to exclude gays and lesbians from rights that everyone else get
by default. Why should gays and lesbians be expected to live their lives in
secret? Why would anyone drive hundreds of miles to briefly stand in front of a
high school carrying a sign that says "God hates fags"? Why is there an endless
parade of legal amendments that attempt to ensure that same-sex couples are
treated differently from everyone else? Why are threats leveled against a Denver
Post columnist who is sympathetic to gay and lesbian causes?

It is obvious that gays and lesbians are treated differently, and thus I can
understand why a news outlet may feel it worthy to give their tragedy special
notice. I look forward to the day when people will read an article like
"Heartache flows after couple's deaths in Neb. wreck" (March 13) and rightfully
wonder what it is about the event that makes it newsworthy. Until that day
comes, I will support news stories that show gays and lesbians as real people
who - with what should be regarded as a slight difference - have regular lives
like everyone else.

Paul Mead, Colorado Springs

----------------------------------------

Social Security reform and personal accounts

Re: "Private accounts not quite what they seem," March 14 editorial.

I hope that I can help clear up any confusion or misunderstanding about the
inheritability of President Bush's proposed personal retirement accounts. Under
the president's proposal to give younger workers the opportunity to build a nest
egg in a personal retirement account, there will be careful guidelines to
provide greater security in retirement: protection from hidden fees; protection
from sudden market swings on the eve of retirement; and a condition of payouts
over time to prevent a person from emptying his or her account all at once in a
way that sends them into poverty.

The administration has not proposed that people be required to annuitize their
accounts when they retire. The president's proposal simply states that people
could not withdraw all of their money at the same time in a way that puts them
into poverty - and it outlines a number of possible options for providing this
protection.

Retirees across a wide range of income levels would have the opportunity to pass
on a sizable inheritance to their loved ones - something that Social Security
does not provide now.

Also, the administration is committed to full inheritability of personal account
funds for the loved ones of people who die before retirement as part of a
comprehensive, meaningful plan to strengthen Social Security for our children
and grandchildren.

Mark J. Warshawsky, Washington, D.C.

The writer is assistant secretary of the U.S. Treasury for economic policy.

...

Re: "The promise we owe to the future," March 15 Bob Beauprez guest commentary.

It was very generous of Rep. Bob Beauprez to acknowledge the existence of our
debt to Social Security, and through that conduit, to the future. He states that
to repay this debt we will have to undertake some combination of borrowing,
cutting existing programs, or raising taxes - all difficult choices, with
serious consequences.

It seems to me that only by raising taxes can we repay the debt. Borrowing more
just postpones the inevitable, and cutting programs that, in the aggregate, have
made this country great, while the choice of many in the middle and upper class,
is not in some instances practical, moral or ethical.

Those who are most enjoying the fruits of the last 50 years of progress in this
country are, by and large, those with the most money - and now is the time to
pay the debt. Do you take a child's glass of milk away - or do you call upon
those who can to do the right thing, pick up the tab for the milk, and pay the
bill? Noblesse oblige.

Dave Weakly, Lakewood

---------------------------------------- Proposal for a Front Range toll road
Re: "Toll road would ease traffic," March 15 editorial.

I wish to take issue with the editorial that praises the benefits of the Front
Range toll road.

First, the idea of an alternate bypass is a good idea - just not in the proposed
corridor. That 12-mile-wide corridor was set nearly 20 years ago. Since then,
thousands of citizens bought, built and now live in that area. To displace them
by buyout at "fair price" (a joke, at best) or eminent domain, which in this
case is an abuse of that outdated 1896 mining law, would be a travesty.

Encourage moving this corridor a few miles to the east - into ranchland. That
would be a responsible editorial comment.

Secondly, the road might ease truck traffic on Interstate 25. There is no
guarantee all that many truckers will pay the toll; but if they do, traffic
congestion will increase exponentially on the feeder roads where entry and exit
ramps will be. Coal trains will still have to travel along I-25 to move coal to
power plants located near I-25.

Something that looks and sounds like a duck might just be a vulture in disguise.

Wallace K. Gough, Elbert

----------------------------------------

Judicial nominations

Once again, The Post shows an editorial cartoon that gives only half the story.
Jim Morin's March 15 cartoon depicts the number of judicial appointments who
were approved in President Bush's first term (229) and the number of
appointments who were blocked (10). But it fails to point out that, before
Bush's first term, the filibuster had been used only once in the history of the
Senate - by a bipartisan group - to avoid an up-or-down vote on a judicial
appointment.

Every one of the blocked appointees was given the highest ratings by the
American Bar Association for their competence to do the job. They made it
through committee and deserved an up-or-down vote, not a planned, obstructive
filibuster by a minority of the senators.

Robert Bujarski, Highlands Ranch

----------------------------------------

Beauprez's run for gov

Re: "Beauprez eyes governor's seat," March 16 news story.

I find it refreshing that Rep. Bob Beauprez has recognized the effect that his
run for the governor's seat will have on his current constituency. All too
often, politicians forget the people who put them in office, but Beauprez has
apparently given serious thought to the impact of his decision on voters in
Illinois and Texas: Beauprez expressed deep concern over disappointing private
Texas citizen Karl Rove, ethically challenged Texas Rep. Tom DeLay, and "the
most important person in the world," Illinois Rep. Dennis Hastert. This is just
another example of Republican leaders caring more about their political
connections and personal futures than they care about the voters of Colorado.

I've got news for Beauprez: the "most important person in the world" is not
Dennis Hastert, it's the Colorado mother who is about to lose her home because
she has been laid off at work, or the Colorado small business owner who has to
shut down because he can't afford the health care that he has promised his
workers, or the sick Colorado child who never got proper immunizations.

The people of Colorado aren't looking for a governor who is only interested in
helping rich Republicans from other states. We already have one of those. The
people of Colorado want a governor who will look out for the people of Colorado.

John Crone, Dillon

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                               September 10, 2004

CAMPAIGN CONFIDENTIAL;
Wexler: Community 'Broadbrushed'

BYLINE: Ori Nir, Marc Perelman, With Reporting by E.J. Kessler

SECTION: News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1659 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With America's pro-Israel lobby scrambling to combat media leaks from unnamed
government officials, the White House is drawing criticism from congressmen and
Jewish communal officials over the FBI investigation into allegations that
officials of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee illegally transferred
secret information to Israel.

Lawmakers and Jewish organizational leaders are questioning the motivation for
the investigation and its two-year course, stressing that no indictments have
emerged - only leaks from administration officials familiar with the FBI probe.
In addition to expressing outrage over the media leaks, several Congressmen are
also condemning the investigation itself, which they say has spawned unfair
accusations of disloyalty against Aipac and represents an abuse of power on the
part of Attorney General John Ashcroft.

"To think that one of the leading American Jewish organizations has been
investigated for two years, and the highest people at the White House were aware
of it, is extremely unsettling," said Rep. Robert Wexler, a Florida Democrat.
"If there was an individual or group who broke the law, they need to be held
accountable. But the broad-brushing of Aipac and the American Jewish community
is extremely inflammatory and needs to be stopped."

Wexler, a member of the House Judiciary Committee, sent a letter to Ashcroft
last week demanding that the Justice Department either submit charges or
"exonerate the American Israel Public Affairs Committee of this public
castigation."

Massachusetts Democrat Barney Frank said that the investigation "does appear to
be an effort to discredit, to get Aipac." He said: "I'm troubled by it. It's a
very inappro-

In an indication of their growing estrangement with the Bush administration,
neoconservatives are slamming the White House for failing to stop what they
describe as an antisemitic campaign to marginalize them being conducted by the
CIA and the State Department.

This view was outlined in a memo circulating among neoconservative foreign
policy analysts in Washington. Obtained by the Forward, the memo criticizes the
White House for not refuting press reports on the FBI's investigation of
Pentagon analyst Lawrence Franklin that suggest wrongdoing on the part of Jewish
officials at the Defense Department.

"If there is any truth to any of the accusations, why doesn't the White House
demand that they bring on the evidence? On the record," the priate effort to
criminalize a policy debate. It's John Ashcroft, and the president and [Vice
President Dick] Cheney."

Also voicing criticism were the two Jewish Republican senators, Arlen Specter of
Pennsylvania and Norm Coleman of Minnesota. Specter told the Jewish Telegraphic
Agency that Ashcroft should launch an investigation into the leaks. "I know
Aipac; I know its integrity," he said. "It's a smear." Coleman said that "the
real issue here is preventing leaks - of classified materials and about ongoing
investigations." The Minnesota senator argued that "to leak details about an
ongoing FBI investigation and the alleged role of Aipac is premature at best and
a smear campaign at worst."

At least one lawmaker, Representative John Conyers of Michigan, was calling for
a congressional investigation regarding the substance of the allegations.
Conyers, the top-ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, asked the
committee's Republican chairman, James Sensenbrenner of Wisconsin, to open an
investigation into the claim that a "rogue element of the United States
government" may have worked with a foreign government in possible contravention
of foreign policy.

In Jewish communal circles, the criticisms and calls for investigations were
focused on either the media leaks or the probe itself.

Malcolm Hoenlein, executive vice chairman of the Conference of Presidents of
Major American Jewish Organizations, suggested that the administration and media
had blundered. "There will be a lot of hard questions that will have to be
answered by a lot of people when this is all over," Hoenlein said. "People will
have to be held to account. What happened? Why it happened? What was going on in
the last two years?"

Jack Rosen, president of the American Jewish Congress, echoed several other
Jewish organizational leaders in demanding an investigation into the leaks. "Who
did it and why? What's the agenda?"

The rising chorus of criticism comes as it becomes clear that, contrary to the
predictions of Aipac leaders, the controversy is not fading away. In the two
weeks since CBS News first reported that the FBI is investigating allegations
that a Defense Department analyst transferred secret information to Israel
through Aipac, anonymous sources have been leaking information to the media on a
regular basis, suggesting that the probe extends beyond one Pentagon official
sharing one document with Israeli diplomats or pro-Israeli lobbyists:

* According to press reports quoting several administration officials, the
investigation into possible wrongdoing by Aipac was launched more than two years
ago, based on suspicions that Aipac employees passed secret information to
Israel. One report said that the president's national security adviser,
Condoleezza Rice, and her top deputy, Stephen Hadley, were informed of the probe
not long after Bush took office in 2001.

* The alleged transfer of a secret White House policy brief by a Pentagon Iran
analyst, Larry Franklin, to Aipac staffers last summer was seen by investigators
as the "smoking gun." It advanced the investigation, particularly after Franklin
agreed to cooperate with investigators.

* FBI agents wiretapped the homes of two senior Aipac staffers, Steve Rosen and
Keith Weissman, who were interviewed by FBI agents August 27, the day the story
broke. Their offices were searched and the hard drive of Rosen's computer was
copied, according to reports. Abbe Lowell, a criminal lawyer who specializes in
white-collar criminal defense, is representing Rosen and Weissman. In the past,
Lowell has defended politicians accused of ethics violations.

* At the Pentagon, agents focused on Franklin but also interviewed other
officials at the office of Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith.
According to press reports, Feith was also interviewed, and some of these
Pentagon officials, according to reports, are also being investigated on
suspicion that they may have told Iraqi dissident Ahmed Chalabi that the United
States has broken secret Iranian communications codes - information that Chalabi
is suspected of having transferred to Iran. According to one report, the Chalabi
investigation, or even a part of the investigation, is linked with connections
between Pentagon officials and pro-Israel lobbyists. Other reports say the two
investigations are separate.

* Franklin, according to an Israeli press report, was in contact not only with
the political counselor at Israel's Washington embassy, Naor Gilon, but also
with the intelligence attaché, a colonel who was identified by his first
initial, Y. The colonel, according to the daily Ma'ariv, received information
from Franklin and reported his contacts with the American analyst to his
superiors at Israel's military intelligence command in Tel Aviv. Israeli
officials told Ma'ariv, however, that there was nothing illegal or unethical in
the contacts with Franklin, which are described as "working meetings."

* Parallel to its investigation into Aipac's conduct, the FBI had reportedly
been conducting surveillance of Israeli diplomat Gilon. The Aipac investigation
and the surveillance of Gilon reportedly converged - and led to the Pentagon -
after Franklin walked into a meeting between Gilon and the two Aipac staffers at
a Washington restaurant a year ago.

* Media reports, attributed to government sources, also said that despite its
denials, Israel still runs an aggressive spying operation in the United States,
which American counterterrorism agents are surveying.

The wave of allegations and leaks has Jewish activists worried. "The longer this
story is out there without concrete facts or some conclusion, the more we will
bleed," one Jewish organizational official said.

One concern voiced by Jewish activists was that Aipac's enemies would use this
opportunity to discredit the Jewish community. The first such salvo came from
conservative pundit and former presidential hopeful Pat Buchanan last Sunday on
NBC's "Meet the Press."

Alluding to Jonathan Pollard, the American Jewish Navy analyst now serving a
life sentence for spying for Israel, Buchanan said: "We also need to investigate
whether there is a nest of Pollardites in the Pentagon who have been
transmitting American secrets through Aipac, the Israeli lobby, over to Reno
Road, the Israeli embassy, to be transferred to Mr. Sharon." If the allegations
proved true, he said, "we are getting dangerously close to the T-word," an
apparent reference to treason.

Such attacks on Aipac will affect the whole Jewish community, communal insiders
said. An official with one major Jewish organization worried that Aipac's
aggressive lobbying tactics have alienated some lawmakers, making them more
likely to move away from the organization as the scandal unfolds. "They have a
crappy reputation with some members of Congress who say certain [positive]
things publicly, and behind the scenes say: 'I am tired of them twisting my
arm.'"

Several Jewish activists, speaking on condition of anonymity, also cautioned
against what they described as a defiant reaction on the part of some communal
leaders who raised the specter of antisemitic conspiracy.

"If every single time we get into trouble we cry antisemitism, no one is going
to believe us when we confront the real problem of antisemitism," a senior
official of a Jewish organization said. Another organizational official said:
"It's ridiculous to react like that before you know what happened there. In the
absence of accurate knowledge, any comment is just silly."

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2004 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 13, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Readers write

BYLINE: For the AJC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 901 words


VOTING RIGHTS

We still need measure

ensuring ballot access

Thanks to Rep. Hank Johnson for citing many cases where voting rights of
Georgians and others continue to be curtailed ("Voting Rights Act necessary,"
Opinion, March 7).

The methods may be different from 50 years ago when I volunteered to register
voters in under-represented neighborhoods, but the results are the same.
Redistricting, and cutting back on early voting, are just two examples.

Let's keep the Voting Rights Act intact until access to voting is truly open to
all. And let's look for ways to expand, not contract, the opportunities to vote.
That's democracy we can be proud of.

SUSAN MAY, ATLANTA

HOMELAND SECURITY

Commend senator for

warning about drones

Hooray to Sen. Rand Paul for his heroic filibuster against the grave danger to
American liberty posed by President Obama's drone policy.

In one electrifying move, Senator Paul did something that both the Democratic
and Republican leadership has deliberately avoided for years. He has pushed the
issue of America's severely threatened Bill of Rights liberties into the front
lines of the American political debate.

Like millions of Americans of all political persuasions, I am sick of government
surveillance of innocent citizens, dubious wars, the threat of indefinite
detention without trial, secrecy, and contempt for the Bill of Rights. I hope
Senator Paul runs for president in 2016, and makes defense of our precious civil
liberties a centerpiece of his campaign.

JAMES W. HARRIS, RYDAL

POLITICS

Bipartisanship unlikely

given Obama's attitude

A recent letter headline stated "Bipartisan push could get nation moving"
(Readers write, Opinion, March 6). I agree.

Bipartisanship cannot work in the political atmosphere created by the
administration. Republicans and Democrats share no common values when it comes
to governing. The president is not a traditional American president. His
objective is not to govern, but to campaign against Republicans who he wishes to
marginalize and/or destroy, politically.

This will only change if President Obama reverses his political course, which is
unlikely, or if Democrats lose the White House and Republicans gain both the
Senate and the House --- and if the Republican president isn't a "Democrat
Lite."

EDWARD A. WATKINS, LILBURN

LEGISLATURE

Why debate fireworks

if guns in church OK?

Regarding "Legalized fireworks pose numerous risks" (Readers write, Opinion,
March 11), although I do not support the legalization of fireworks in Georgia,
it seems somewhat silly that in a state that supports carrying guns into
churches, schools and virtually all public places, we are concerned about
firecrackers and Roman candles.

JAY GROUNDWATER, BROOKHAVEN

By Our Readers

VOTING RIGHTS

We still need measure

ensuring ballot access

Thanks to Rep. Hank Johnson for citing many cases where voting rights of
Georgians and others continue to be curtailed ("Voting Rights Act necessary,"
Opinion, March 7).

The methods may be different from 50 years ago when I volunteered to register
voters in under-represented neighborhoods, but the results are the same.
Redistricting, and cutting back on early voting, are just two examples.

Let's keep the Voting Rights Act intact until access to voting is truly open to
all. And let's look for ways to expand, not contract, the opportunities to vote.
That's democracy we can be proud of.

SUSAN MAY, ATLANTA

HOMELAND SECURITY

Commend senator for

warning about drones

Hooray to Sen. Rand Paul for his heroic filibuster against the grave danger to
American liberty posed by President Obama's drone policy.

In one electrifying move, Senator Paul did something that both the Democratic
and Republican leadership has deliberately avoided for years. He has pushed the
issue of America's severely threatened Bill of Rights liberties into the front
lines of the American political debate.

Like millions of Americans of all political persuasions, I am sick of government
surveillance of innocent citizens, dubious wars, the threat of indefinite
detention without trial, secrecy, and contempt for the Bill of Rights. I hope
Senator Paul runs for president in 2016, and makes defense of our precious civil
liberties a centerpiece of his campaign.

JAMES W. HARRIS, RYDAL

POLITICS

Bipartisanship unlikely

given Obama's attitude

A recent letter headline stated "Bipartisan push could get nation moving"
(Readers write, Opinion, March 6). I agree.

Bipartisanship cannot work in the political atmosphere created by the
administration. Republicans and Democrats share no common values when it comes
to governing. The president is not a traditional American president. His
objective is not to govern, but to campaign against Republicans who he wishes to
marginalize and/or destroy, politically.

This will only change if President Obama reverses his political course, which is
unlikely, or if Democrats lose the White House and Republicans gain both the
Senate and the House --- and if the Republican president isn't a "Democrat
Lite."

EDWARD A. WATKINS, LILBURN

LEGISLATURE

Why debate fireworks

if guns in church OK?

Regarding "Legalized fireworks pose numerous risks" (Readers write, Opinion,
March 11), although I do not support the legalization of fireworks in Georgia,
it seems somewhat silly that in a state that supports carrying guns into
churches, schools and virtually all public places, we are concerned about
firecrackers and Roman candles.

JAY GROUNDWATER, BROOKHAVEN

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

OLD WAYS MUST GO IN ALBANY'S NEW DEM SENATE

BYLINE: BY BILL HAMMOND

SECTION: WRAP; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 535 words


NOW THAT DEMOCRATS have seized control of the state Senate they must lead a
revolution in how Albany does business.

After all, that's what they promised.

Time and again, as they suffered in the downtrodden minority, the Dems swore
they would run things differently, if only they got the chance.

They vowed to bring small-d democracy to the Legislature, where it has been
sorely lacking for generations.

Now they will get the chance to make good on those promises - and blow up
Albany's dysfunctional status quo.

The main reason New York's Legislature has been rated the worst in the country
is because too much decision-making power is concentrated in the hands of two
individuals - the majority leader of the Senate and the speaker of the Assembly.

These potentates unilaterally control everything that goes on in their
respective chambers - from committee assignments to office supplies. They
ruthlessly abuse that power to marginalize the opposition.

The worst thing about this lousy process is that it results in lousy government.
Instead of doing the right thing by 19 million New Yorkers, the speaker and
majority leader use their power to ram through sweetheart deals with wealthy
interest groups.

Meanwhile, members of the two minority parties - Democrats in the Senate and
Republicans in the Assembly - get stuck with smaller office budgets and
secondhand computers. Their bills go nowhere. Any amendment they put forward is
automatically voted down.

After suffering this humiliation for 69 of the past 70 years, the Senate
Democrats will be sorely tempted to take revenge by hoarding the perks and
privileges for themselves and giving their former tormentors a taste of their
own medicine.

They can't do that - not after campaigning on a reform agenda.

Since becoming minority leader in 2006, Malcolm Smith (D-Queens) has repeatedly
committed himself to fundamentally changing how the Senate operates.

"A Democratic majority will not be the same as a Republican majority," he told
the Daily News Editorial Board back then. "We will share resources. We will look
to have open dialogue."

He called for changing the rules so all senators get roughly equal office
budgets and a fair chance to move their bills - proposals he restated a few days
ago in The New York Times.

He has also promised to let a nonpartisan commission draw Senate district lines
after the 2010 census - to end the blatant gerrymandering that preserved the
Republican majority long beyond its natural expiration date.

Keeping these promises will establish the Senate Democrats as the party of
reform in Albany.

Meanwhile, they can establish themselves as Albany's grownup party by continuing
to support Gov. Paterson's effort to scale back state spending in the face of an
economic crisis.

Smith could be the first Democrat to head the Senate since 1965 and the only
African-American to lead a house of the Legislature. Plus, his party has
completed a sweep of all the top posts in state government, something that
hasn't happened since the Great Depression.

None of that will mean much unless Smith keeps his word and shares power with
every member of the Senate - Democrat and Republican alike.

That's change we can believe in.

whammond@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Cold Lake Sun

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Plenty of soul searching at Alberta Progressive Conservative's townhall forum in
Fort McMurray

BYLINE: Vince Mcdermott, Cold Lake Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 511  words


There was plenty of soul searching during the Progressive Conservative's first
townhall forum in Fort McMurray, as uniting the right and attracting new members
-particularly millennials -dominated the evening.

But while the candidates agreed the party had become perceived as out of touch
and even arrogant in recent years, there was little consensus on how the party
should defeat the Alberta NDP in 2019.

Former MP Jason Kenney spent much of the evening pitching his high-profile
campaign to unite Alberta's conservatives, while arguing his vision of a
"big-tent party" would have room for progressives, coming together under a love
for the free market.

"It's wrong for us to use and apply pejorative and ideological labels to
marginalize people," he said. "This party has always been a bigtent, broad,
diverse, tolerant coalition grounded on our traditional belief in the creative
power of free enterprise and fiscal responsibility and you can't be a
compassionate society that redistributes wealth if you don't create it in the
first place."

Enthusiasm for the idea was lacking from opponents, as his opponents argued in
favour of rebuilding the PC brand.

Calgary lawyer Byron Nelson, who described himself as a libertarian, said the PC
party distinguished itself as fiscally responsible while remaining socially
progressive.

Richard Starke, Vermillion-Lloydminster MLA and the only elected politician in
the race after Kenney resigned as MP last September, compared rebuilding the
party to Fort McMurray's struggle to rebuild after last May's wildfire.

"Just as the people of Fort McMurray yearn to come home, I have a belief
Albertans want to return home," he said. "This is not the time to tear down our
home, and try to design and build a duplex."

The most vocal challenger to Kenney's amalgamation pleas was Stephen Khan,
former MLA for St. Albert. He argued that millennials, minorities and LGBTQ
individuals would never accept Kenney's leadership. Kenney rejected this,
arguing the number of immigrants supporting the federal Conservatives doubled in
2011.

Attracting a more diverse and younger support base was raised frequently. Nelson
pointed to the United States, praising the efforts of Vermont Senator Bernie
Sanders -who he called "a crazy nutbar who had ideas attractive to youth" -and
Texas Senator Ron Paul to reach millennials through social media.

"There is nothing like faceto-face conversation," added Khan. "You need to go to
them, you need to be sincere and you must listen."

Kenney said youth who voted for the NDP would turn on the party, predicting they
would soon be "mugged by economic reality before 2019."

"They don't appreciate the nanny-state, war-on-fun attitude of this NDP
government or even recent PC governments," he said. "We have an opportunity to
appeal to many young people who will be collateral damage to the NDP's
anti-growth agenda."

The Tories governed Alberta for 42 consecutive years until they were defeated by
Premier Rachel Notley and the NDP during the May 2015 general election. The
Tories will choose a leader on March 18.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Murray Postmedia Network; The leadership candidates for the
Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta pose for a photo with party
president Katherine O'Neill, youth president Sonia Kont and both local
constituency presidents.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Cold Lake Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Idaho Business Review News Briefs: July 24, 2013

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 851  words


Membership in Idaho Education Association dropped sharply last year Membership
in Idaho's largest teachers' union dropped 14 percent between 2010 and 2012.
According to Idaho Education News, the news of the drop came out in a financial
report that was presented to union leaders this month. IdahoEdNews.org said
National Education Association spokeswoman Celeste F. Busser confirmed that the
number is accurate. Nationally, active NEA membership dropped 3.6 percent
between the 2010-2011 school year and the 2011-2012 year. National NEA ended
last year with 2.7 million members.

In Idaho, active membership dropped in that period from 11,000 to 9,500. Idaho
had one of the steepest one-year membership declines in the nation. The
Education Intelligence Agency, an anti-union watchdog group, first reported the
new numbers. IEA officials would not confirm or deny the change in membership
numbers, but told EdNews that changes in membership might reflect the loss of
education jobs. "Teaching positions have been lost in many districts around the
state, and the policies and funding decisions of elected officials have served
to marginalize education professionals," said IEA President Penni Cyr. IBR Staff
ITC to survey tech industry The Idaho Technology Council is hoping to collect
data from at least 300 technology companies in the Boise area to get a firmer
grasp on how many tech firms are here and what their troubles are. The survey
follows a similar effort from 2008 that found, among other things, that
Hewlett-Packard was a greater incubator of new tech companies than Micron
Technology. The new survey asks a range of questions, including where firms have
their roots and get their new research and development, and where they get
financing and advice. The survey also asks about a range of factors that help or
hurt companies' growth, including the region's labor force, quality of life, and
business-to-business relations. "What we're trying to identify is what startups
have taken place in the area, where those startups came from and where the
funding came from," said Jay Larsen, president and founder of the ITC. He said
the ITC is trying to figure out what else the region needs to foster a strong
startup culture. That could include figuring out how to increase financing for
new or growing companies. "We're trying to find where the pain points and
shortfalls in access to capital are," Larsen said. The ITC's survey, available
at its website, will be open until July 31. Brad Iverson-Long Remodeling
business picks up The National Association of the Remodeling Industry is
reporting a surge in business in 2013. Growth indicators in the second quarter
are related to current business conditions, numbers of inquiries, requests for
bids, conversion of bids to jobs and value of jobs sold. All categories are
reporting higher numbers. According to the trade organization, remodelers are
reporting the highest overall rating on business conditions at 6.31, up from
5.97 reported during the first quarter. This rating has steadily increased in
the six quarters NARI has been tracking. NARI expects the trend to continue as
remodelers predict that three months out, their sales will be as strong as they
are now. Also contributing to an uptick in business were storms along the East
Coast, tornadoes in Oklahoma and the explosion in Texas. Additionally,
remodelers predict that three months out, their sales will be as strong as they
are currently. Two reasons for growth continue to be postponement of projects,
higher home prices and stronger economic growth. IBR Staff

Yogurt program could help Chobani Idaho is participating in a United States
Department of Agriculture pilot program that will bring Greek yogurt into public
school cafeterias and possibly boost Chobani revenues. The USDA pilot program
allows four states to order Greek yogurt for a 60-day period in October and
November, then incorporate the yogurt into school meals as a source of protein.
Sens. Mike Crapo, R-ID, and Jim Risch, R-ID, along with Rep. Mike Simpson, R-ID,
all signed a letter that went to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in January
requesting that Greek yogurt be separated from regular yogurt in USDA guidelines
to direct nutritional values as a good source of protein. The USDA granted the
request and started the pilot program, which allows the states to order Greek
yogurt with other "entitlement foods," or foods the USDA provides at a large
discount for any state. Ed Herrera, Child Nutrition Coordinator for the state
Department of Education, said Idaho has already ordered more than 4,600 cases of
4-ounce yogurt cups for October and more than 3,700 for November. The cups come
in strawberry, blueberry and vanilla. About 2,100 tube of vanilla yogurt in
32-ounce containers have also been ordered for the two months, he said. The USDA
accepted bids for a national yogurt provider until July 22 and a winner is
expected to be announced by the end of July.

http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Dems turn NLRB battle into broad defense of unions

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 861 words


House Democrats pivoted off Republican criticism of the National Labor Relations
Board on Tuesday to mount a full-throated defense of labor unions. Senior House
Democrats, including Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.), rallied union
members at a press conference at which lawmakers and labor leaders blasted
Republicans for attacking the labor board. The House is expected to vote this
week on legislation that would limit the NLRB's authority. Pelosi and other
Democrats said the GOP bill is evidence that Republicans want to marginalize the
labor movement.

"For months in Wisconsin, Ohio and states nationwide, Americans have watched
Republican governors and legislatures attack workers," Pelosi said. "At every
turn, leaders and middle-class Americans -- teachers, firefighters, machinists
and even non-union members -- have fought back. What an inspiration you all are
to us." She declared that her party is ready for action now that the fight over
unions has come to Washington. "We will not stand idly by while workers' rights
are violated and the middle class is under attack," Pelosi said. Republicans and
business groups have lambasted the NLRB in recent months, arguing some of its
decisions could drive jobs and investment dollars away from the United States.
In a press release Tuesday, Republicans on the House Education and the Workforce
Committee said the panel is offering sensible reforms to the labor board, whose
"job-destroying agenda" has been left unchecked. The bill "is a responsible
proposal that helps rein in the extreme power of the NLRB. This unelected board
should not be able to dictate to private employers where they can and cannot
create jobs," according to the statement. Labor has long been an ally of
Democrats, but the relationship with the party has been strained this year. The
grumbling has been directed mostly at the White House, which disappointed unions
with moves to the center on trade and government regulations. But legislation
designed to limit the NLRB's authority offers a chance for Democrats to renew
the old alliance. The support of union members will be essential for Democrats
next year as the party tries to retake the House and win a second term for
President Obama. The legislation introduced by Republicans would forbid the NLRB
from forcing a company to relocate its employment. The Education and the
Workforce Committee approved the bill last week on a party-line vote. The House
Rules Committee was scheduled to hold a hearing on the bill Tuesday; it is
expected to receive a House floor vote later this week. The legislation comes in
response to the labor board's April 20 complaint against Boeing for allegedly
retaliating against union workers. The company moved a second production line of
its new Dreamliner jet to South Carolina, a right-to-work state that typically
prohibits mandatory union membership, after Boeing executives worried that work
stoppages at their unionized Washington state operations could hurt business.
That was allegedly retaliation against union workers, according to the NLRB
complaint, which is now before an administrative law judge. Democrats say the
bill would sway the ongoing trial in favor of Boeing and gut the labor board's
authority by forbidding it from punishing companies for relocating to avoid
unionization. Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.), ranking member on the Education and
the Workforce panel, has called the legislation "an outsourcer's bill of
rights." "I would just add it sounds like an outsourcer's bill of wrongs to me,"
Pelosi said Tuesday. Other Democrats took action Tuesday to defend the labor
board. Democratic members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee
wrote a letter to the panel's chairman, Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), to ask for
a full committee debate and vote before issuing any subpoena for NLRB documents
in the Boeing case. Issa has threatened to subpoena the documents in the past.
"We believe that forcing the production of these non-discoverable documents at
this time would unduly interfere with this legitimate law enforcement action and
would constitute an inappropriate use of the committee's authority for the
benefit of a private party, Boeing," the lawmakers wrote in the letter. The
Democrats' letter also went beyond the issue of a subpoena, arguing that the
GOP-led committee has sought to undermine the labor board. "This request also
appears to be part of a broader strategy to significantly weaken the NLRB," the
letter continues, citing a hearing by the committee that criticized the labor
board, a failed House vote to defund it and the expected House vote this week
that would limit the NLRB's authority. A GOP spokesman for the committee said
the Democrats are shirking their oversight responsibilities to protect unions.
"Ranking member [Elijah] Cummings [D-Md.] and committee Democrats appear more
interested in NO-versight than in conducting oversight of a potentially
job-killing action by the NLRB," spokesman Jeffrey Solsby said in an email.
"This letter is just the latest in an ongoing, coordinated campaign to appease
labor groups and union workers leading into a pivotal election year."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Education Week

                               September 23, 2009

'Common Core' Group Takes Aim at Move For 21st-Century Skills

BYLINE: Cavanagh, Sean

SECTION: Pg. 4 Vol. 29 No. 4

LENGTH: 237  words


Common Core, a Washington-based group that calls for giving students strong
grounding across academic disciplines, has organized an open letter arguing that
the Partnership for 21st Century Skills' learning goals risk "undermining the
quality of education in America," and urging that they be revised.

The letter, released last week, is signed by Chester E. Finn Jr., the president
of the Thomas B. Fordham Institute; Core Knowledge founder E.D. Hirsch Jr.; the
education historian Diane Ravitch; John Silber, the retired president of Boston
University; and Randi Weingarten, the president of the American Federation of
Teachers, among others.

The partnership, or P21, is an advocacy organization that promotes students'
acquisition of a broad range of critical-thinking and analytical skills,
including technological know-how, communication, and collaboration. Common Core
says that the P21 program "marginalizes knowledge and therefore will deny
students the liberal education they need," and that skill is useless "without
prior knowledge of a wide array of subjects."

Ken Kay, P21s president, said: We have never advocated, in any context, the
teaching of 21st-century skills separate from content. ... You cant just teach
students to think; you have to teach them to critically think, problem-solve,
and innovate about something. Knowledge is the base of learning.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 12, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

Iraqi Opposition Unable to Mount Viable Challenge

John Burgess; David B. Ottaway, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 1202 words


Iraqi opposition groups that critics of the Clinton administration's policy say
should receive more support in the confrontation with President Saddam Hussein
are at one of the lowest ebbs in their history, hit by defections, foreign aid
cuts and Iraq's army and secret police.

One group representing Iraq's Kurdish minority has allied itself with Saddam
Hussein, while another is sending emissaries to Baghdad to talk peace. The Iraqi
National Congress, formerly the principal American client, has never recovered
from a blow Saddam Hussein's troops delivered to its members and facilities in
northern Iraq in August 1996.

"There's nothing in place inside Iraq at this time to take advantage of any
weakening of Saddam," said Rend Rahim, executive director of the Iraq
Foundation, a democracy group based in Washington. "There is nothing prepared to
present an alternative to him."

George Jaffe, deputy director of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in
London, gave a similar view: "They lack credibility. . . . None has shown the
ability to organize effectively, maintain popularity inside Iraq or create a
viable alternative."

Whose fault that is is open to debate. Dissidents contend that the United States
and other foreign countries helped marginalize them by reducing support. "What
we lack now is resources," said Ahmed Chalabi, a London businessman who heads
the Iraqi National Congress, which received most of the $ 100 million in covert
assistance that the United States funneled to the Iraqi opposition after the
1991 Persian Gulf War.

National Congress forces, along with supporters of another group receiving
covert U.S. aid, the Iraqi National Accord, were routed in a crackdown on the
opposition by Iraqi security forces in northern Iraq in August 1996. Two hundred
opposition figures were executed and more than 2,000 placed under arrest. The
United States spirited more than 7,000 others out of northern Iraq to Guam and
then moved them to the United States.

The bloodbath embittered both opposition groups, which charged that the United
States had abandoned them to Iraqi forces. Critics of both groups, however, talk
of endless infighting and corruption within the dissidents' ranks.

The groups now are watching from the sidelines as the United States and Britain
prepare for possible military strikes against Iraq with a limited stated
objective -- destroying any capability Saddam Hussein has to make nuclear,
chemical or biological weapons.

U.S. and British officials continue to meet with dissident leaders. About 16
Iraqis representing a range of organizations attended a 90-minute meeting at the
British Foreign Office in London on Monday. But the goal, according to both
sides, was to exchange views, not plan a larger role for the groups.

U.S. and British policy envisions Iraq as a pluralistic democratic society. But
the dominant view in both capitals is that Saddam Hussein is unlikely to fall to
a popular uprising. "We think the most likely way that change [Saddam Hussein's
departure] will come about is from the inside, from the circle around Saddam,"
said one U.S. official. "That's the nature of the system."

Dissidents say that even that goal will not be served by current U.S. policy.
"What is the probable outcome of these airstrikes? Just death and destruction,"
said Chalabi. "Saddam will make sure thousands of people will die. . . . The
U.S. will be branded as baby killers."

Hamid Bayati, London representative of the Supreme Council for Islamic
Revolution in Iraq, which is headquartered in Tehran, said: "The right policy is
to get rid of the cause of all these problems, all this misery . . . which is
Saddam Hussein."

In Washington, similar calls are coming from some Republican quarters. Richard
Perle, an assistant secretary of defense during the Reagan administration, wrote
in Sunday's Washington Post that the United States needs an "overall strategy to
destroy [Saddam Hussein's] regime by helping the nascent democratic opposition
in Iraq to transform itself into Iraq's new government."

Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott (R-Miss.) and other Republicans also have
backed a broader campaign aimed at ousting Saddam Hussein, including creating a
Radio Free Iraq, expanding the "no-fly" zones in which Iraqi aircraft are not
allowed off the ground and helping dissident groups. Zalmay Khalilzad and Paul
Wolfowitz, who both served in the Pentagon during the Bush administration, have
advocated supporting an Iraqi government-in-exile as part of a coordinated
policy to force a change of leadership in Baghdad.

London is where Iraqi opposition groups are found in large supply, hosting as
many as 60 real or supposed organizations. Many represent sizable ethnic and
religious groups, Iraq specialists in London say, while others speak mainly for
the individuals who set them up, who might be recent defectors or emigres who
have not lived in Iraq in decades.

Some groups maintain a presence in nations bordering Iraq, such as Jordan. The
Iraqi National Accord continues to operate a radio transmitter in Jordan, Iraq
specialists say. Others reportedly have agents in Iraq. The only reports of
fighting against the Baghdad government involve dissident Shiite Muslims in
southern Iraq who receive support from Iran.

The opposition groups and the United States have been at odds often since the
end of the Gulf War, when U.S. and allied forces opted not to advance on Baghdad
to try to oust Saddam Hussein. U.S. troops set up a safe haven for Kurds in the
north but stood aside as Iraqi forces crushed an uprising of Shiite Muslims in
the south.

Some pro-Western Iraqi groups have pressed the United States and other foreign
powers to "finish the job." Others, such as pro-Iranian organizations, are wary
of U.S. influence in a post-Saddam Hussein Iraq. In general, the United States
has opted for a policy of keeping up pressure through the U.N. economic embargo
and periodic airstrikes, while trying to encourage a coup against Saddam
Hussein.

U.S. planners also backed the two main Kurdish factions in northern Iraq to
mount an armed challenge to Saddam Hussein's army. But in the summer of 1996,
one of them, Massoud Barzani's Kurdistan Democratic Party, joined hands with the
Iraqi president to further a long-standing feud with the rival Patriotic Union
of Kurdistan, headed by Jalal Talabani. That enabled Saddam Hussein's troops to
move into the Kurdish zone and shut down the National Congress's operations
there.

Recently, the Patriotic Union has been sending envoys to Baghdad to talk peace.
Two weeks ago, Saddam Hussein sent his security chief to see Talabani in his
fiefdom in the north, according to Arab press reports.

The factions no longer use Turkish or U.S. mediation in trying to settle their
feud, according to Iraqi opposition sources and analysts in Washington. "Baghdad
will be the place the Kurds turn to to solve their final status in Iraq," said
Michel Amitay, director of the Washington Kurdish Institute, a nonprofit
research group. "They don't trust the United States any longer to provide
protection."

Burgess reported from London, Ottaway from Washington.


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration; Photo, reuters; Photo, ap, THE IRAQI OPPOSITION
Opposition to Iraqi President Saddam Hussein is weak and disjointed, and there
is no organization inside the country to present a workable alternative. The
dissidents say this situation is due to lack of support from the United States,
but others say infighting and corruption within the groups is at least part of
the reason. Here is a look at some of the splinter groups.  Iraqi National
Congress Founded in 1992 as an anti-Saddam Hussein umbrella group, originally
sought to unite Kurdish factions. Formerly the principal U.S. aid client, it was
practically wiped out when Saddam Hussein crushed a rebellion in northern Iraq
in 1996, while the United States stood aside.  Iraqi National Accord Has
received financial support from U.S., Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Britain. Opened
office in Amman, Jordan, in 1996 and started a radio station. Leader is Ayad
Alawi.  Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq Headquarters in Tehran.
Shiite Muslims This is the only dissident group involved in any fighting against
Baghdad; they receive support from Iran.  Kurdistan Democratic Party Lead by
Massoud Barzani; joined with the Baghdad government to defeat their Kurdish
rivals in 1996. Saddam Hussein moved into the Kurdish "safe haven" established
by the United Nations and wiped out the Iraqi National Congress; as many as 200
opposition figures were executed.  Patriotic Union of Kurdistan Lead by Jalal
Talabani. Recently Talabani has sent envoys to Baghdad to make peace with Saddam
Hussein.  About 60 other groups try to rally anti-Saddam Hussein activity from
London. Some of these groups represent sizable ethnic and religious groups;
others consist of one person or no more than a few. Also among the London
dissidents: Movement for Constitutional Monarchy, led by Sharif Hussein, a
member of Iraq's former royal family.  Supreme Assembly for the Islamic
Revolution in Iraq Has backing from Iran.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 07, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Undue Process, Washington-Style

Colbert I. King

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 1137 words


This is a political town that has slipped its moorings and doesn't even know it.
Oh, we eat, dress and turn in for the night pretty much the same as people
elsewhere. But American politics, as practiced in these parts, is increasingly
making a mockery of the rules of fair play that we profess to adore. Principles
get talked up a lot, but in truth the only hard and fast rule followed
religiously by this city's national players and their groupies is to demand fair
play for their side and to marginalize, discredit and treat their opponents like
heathens.

Remember these anguished words?: "I have complied with the rules. I responded to
a document request that produced over 30,000 pages. . . . Reporters sneaking
into my garage to examine books I read. . . . Unnamed people starting
preposterous and damaging rumors. Calls all over the country specifically
requesting dirt. . . . I find myself here today defending my name, my integrity,
because somehow select portions of confidential documents dealing with this
matter were leaked to the public."

Sounds like White House complaints against Kenneth Starr and the media, doesn't
it? Those aren't the words of an embattled president or his loyal defenders,
however. They were spoken to the Senate Judiciary Committee seven years ago by
Clarence Thomas.

To those opposed to his Supreme Court nomination, Thomas's complaint meant
nothing. That's because, to them, Thomas himself meant nothing. By their
reckoning he had no right to cry foul. After all, he was Clarence Thomas the
far-out conservative and ideologue who would callously deny others the same
opportunities that helped get him where he is. He was Clarence Thomas the Uncle
Tom and traitor to his race who would kill off civil rights gains and betray the
legacy of Thurgood Marshall. He was Clarence Thomas the accused sexual harasser
of petite, poised Prof. Anita Hill. He was Republican President George Bush's
final taunt against all that liberalism held dear. If there was some way to keep
Thomas off the court, it should be done.

As for Thomas's indignant charge that "sleaze searched for by staffers of
members of [the Judiciary] committee was then leaked to the media," validated by
the committee, and displayed at prime time to the nation, the response was:
tough nuggies. He was Clarence Thomas, a man thoroughly unworthy of respect. So
what if he believed his treatment was a travesty; he deserved everything he was
getting. We, on the other hand, were the good people, busily about the Lord's
work.

Besides, when our agenda and interests are at stake, nothing's too good for our
side; anything goes.

That's the way American politics is practiced these days.

But because the focus today is on one of our own political kin, someone we like,
who is good on some social and women's issues, and the economy is humming along,
we find ourselves stealing some of Thomas's best lines. We indignantly protest
the inquiries into Bill Clinton's personal life; we accuse his pursuers of
having political motives, and charge prosecutorial abuse because authorities
wired a witness for a meeting in order to get the goods on Clinton and sidekick
Vernon Jordan. Scuzzy business, we say. Shame, shame, shame.

How dare they launch a semi-public inquisition on the basis of uncorroborated
statements caught on an audiotape? Yet, remember seven years ago how we,
devotees of due process and civil liberties, cried for the head of the accused,
even though the single accuser produced no evidence to support her charges --
leveled 10 years after the alleged misconduct?

We are now beside ourselves over suspected leaks from the grand jury and Ken
Starr's shop. But, oh, how we fell on our knees in thanksgiving when, after the
committee voted Thomas's nomination to the floor, someone presumably on our
side, breached the Senate's rules and leaked Anita Hill's accusations to the
press.

We were shocked, outraged and had conniption fits over allegations that boss
Thomas -- then single -- had often asked employee Hill to go out with him
despite her repeated refusals -- and had allegedly talked to her in the office
about sex in graphic and offensive details. Verbal sexual harassment no doubt,
and if proven, enough to keep him off the court. We sat through Thomas's
vehement and repeated denial under oath, waiting in vain for lightning to
strike.

But confronted with published reports alleging that a woman job-seeker had her
breasts touched and hand placed on the genital area of the most powerful
political figure on earth, and that a low-level female staffer was sexually
servicing a man bearing the aura of the American presidency, we angrily slough
it all off, saying, "Oh, for goodness sake, let the poor man do his job."

We had no problems at all demanding a delay in Thomas's confirmation vote,
making him return to the committee to answer questions about what he did and
didn't do to Anita Hill. But we staunchly defend the president's decision to
hide behind "rules" and refuse to explain his conduct and denials under direct
questioning.

(And where, oh, where were the forces of progressive politics and foes of
prosecutorial excess when federal agents and police lured a drug-addicted target
to a hotel room with enticements of sex, and induced him to smoke crack before a
hidden camera. But then again, that was a D.C. problem -- and where Washington's
smart set is concerned, when Marion Barry's the issue, anything goes.)

All right, here's the point. The law's sanctions are not there just for the
people we don't like; and due process and fair play aren't reserved just for our
friends. Whether the person on the receiving end of aggressive prosecutorial
attention is named Barry or Buchanan, Jesse Helms or Jesse Jackson, the ground
rules ought to remain the same. Mere accusations shouldn't be allowed to carry
the day, and charges should be proven -- whether the accused is a Clarence
Thomas or a William Jefferson Clinton. And the accuser has the burden of proving
the charges, not the other way round. So we -- lovers of equity and appliers of
right reason -- should be darn careful about establishing someone's guilt based
on an accuser's unproven word. And that ought to be the case whether the accused
is friend or foe.

If, on the other hand, we feel no guilt or qualms about playing dirty pool, or
if we can excuse misconduct on our side in the erroneous belief that our hearts
are pure and theirs are not, that we are more deserving of a write-off when
caught, then we're more out of whack than I thought. And the drift is dangerous.
In pursuit of self-interest, we are casting off a most cherished belief: that no
one -- regardless of politics, personality or popularity -- is above the law.

The writer is a member of the editorial page staff.

LOAD-DATE: February 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 23, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

OLYMPIC WEEKLY;
147 DAYS;
YOUR OLYMPIC CONNECTION;
OTHER VOICES;
Minister is advocate for disenfranchised;
What news services, newspapers and magazines are saying about Atlanta and the
1996 Olympics.

BYLINE: John Jeansonne; EWSDAY

SECTION: LOCAL OLYMPICS; Pg. 02C

LENGTH: 409 words


In the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s hometown, there is room for uplifting
Olympic idealism. This summer's Atlanta Games will be the first hosted by a
predominantly black city, evoking a dreamy King vision of inclusive nonviolence.

Then again, there always is Olympic pragmatism at work, creating Olympic irony.
Any operation this big - 197 participating nations with 10,000 athletes,
requiring $ 500 million worth of stadiums, housing and related structures - can
survive only on the backs of fabulously successful corporations, which tends to
marginalize common folks, and certainly the disenfranchised.

And that's where the Rev. Timothy McDonald comes in. The pastor of Atlanta's
First Iconium Baptist Church and the point man for the Atlanta Olympic
Conscience Coalition, McDonald warns: "This ain't about no Games. It ain't about
nobody getting out there running. It's about money - and who's gonna get money.
It ain't about lovey-dovey. Ain't about Atlanta. Ain't about Martin. It's about
money."

McDonald is a sort of "official Olympic critic" in these days of specifically
authorized sponsors, suppliers and various other designated shakers and movers.
He has assigned himself to be the little voice in official Olympic ears,
whispering reminders about the working class, the minorities, the homeless.

A native of Brunswick who came to the state capital 20 years ago, McDonald
brings to his activism a native's sincere fondness, mixed with the frustrations
of reality. His church and its adjacent building were built to house a private
white Christian school right after the Brown v. the Board of Education ruling in
1954; McDonald certainly sees the irony to that history.

He frets that ACOG has "sold the Olympics as Martin Luther King and
Atlanta-the-racially-homogenous-city. Bull. Atlanta is the most politely
segregated city in the world."

McDonald hardly views ACOG CEO Billy Payne as evil - just a bit too insulated in
the white Atlanta business world. Payne, after all, depended heavily upon the
black community connections and international ties of Andrew Young in landing
the 1996 Games in the first place.

But Payne has needed constant reminders not only from McDonald's task force for
the homeless, but also the community groups and organized labor.

"It's not just a black thing. It's a class thing," McDonald said. "I reminded
working-class whites in our coalition, 'They don't care about you, either.' "

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             April 10, 2005 Sunday

Culture shock;
Peace Corps worker faces women's issues in Bangladesh

BYLINE: ABBEY BROWN CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SUNDAYAM; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1306 words

DATELINE: BANGLADES


Editor's note: Former State Journal-Register staff writer Abbey Brown recently
spent several months in Bangladesh as a member of the Peace Corps.

After living a month in Bangladesh, I thought I'd seen everything. I was certain
nothing could shock me anymore. Then she knocked on my window.I was on the
train, and she'd come to my window, begging for money. Her face was horribly
scarred. Unlike so many other beggars I've forgotten, her face will be burned
into my memory, along with pain, horror and a marked feeling of gratitude for
all I have.

Her skin was melted, her features displaced. She had a look in her eyes that
communicated the terror she had lived and the hopelessness she felt.

Two months later, I sat across from another woman, Gazi Nasrin Akter -
beautiful, educated, sophisticated and wealthy. She and the beggar woman were
completely different, yet both shared an elemental similarity that determines
everything in their lives: they are women in a country and culture that
significantly marginalizes their gender.

I can't tell you the name of the beggar woman, nor do I know the precise reason
behind what happened to her. I do know that she was the victim of an acid
attack.

Such attacks occur here for one of two reasons: because a woman refuses a
proposal from a man and he wants to ensure that she never marries, or her family
does not give her husband a large enough dowry. Such treatment was among the
many topics discussed during the gender issues training portion of my Peace
Corps orientation in Dhaka, Bangladesh.

Akter said she knows such attacks frequently occur. I spoke with her about her
feelings on gender issues when I met her, two months after I saw the beggar
woman. The 28-year-old Akter said she considered herself lucky.

"Well, lucky means I am mostly happy and haven't been hurt like this," she said
hesitantly when asked what she meant by "lucky."

She also talked at length of how frustrating her role as a Bangladeshi woman can
be - always considered a second-class citizen, constant harassment and having to
get permission from not only her husband, but her father- and mother-in-law to
do anything, be it cooking a meal, going to the market or walking down the
street to visit a friend.

"But usually they let me do these things," Akter said. "I am lucky. For many
(women), they can't do anything."

Akter said the fact that she was able to marry a man she knew and loved made her
lucky.

"The Muslim faith and Bangladeshi culture mandates that marriages be arranged,"
Akter said. "But I got around it."

She met her husband when she was 23, while attending Dhaka University. When she
realized that she loved him, Akter went to an aunt she was close to and told her
of the man.

"I trusted her," Akter said. "I knew she wanted me to be happy. So she
approached my father and said she had found this boy. And made it seem as if it
was her idea. It worked."

Akter, mother of a 1-year-old, worked as an English teacher for five years. She
quit after she became pregnant.

Twenty-six-year-old Tanik Munir used words such as challenging, difficult and
unbearable when describing life as a Bangladeshi woman.

"It isn't anything you would imagine it as being," she said. "Nothing like
America."

Munir, who is single, works as the safety and security officer for Peace Corps
Bangladesh. She admitted that living in Dhaka, Bangladesh's capital, made her
life a lot easier because the cultural norms aren't as strictly enforced. But
she stressed that even with that, her life still is extremely restricted because
of her gender.

"In Bangladesh, a woman is dependent on a man her whole life - from birth to
death," Munir said. "First, it is her father. Oftentimes, she will be dependent
on a brother, too. Then it is her husband and father-in-law until she dies. She
can never do anything without permission from these men."

Akter said this lifelong dependence is why women are second-class citizens in
society.

"They are always taught it is this way," she said. "They know no other way. Even
if they were allowed to do something on their own, they wouldn't be able to.
They have never been taught how to live on their own."

The cultural dress of Bangladesh also oppresses women, Munir said. The
traditional dress of unmarried women is a shalwar kameez - baggy pants, a baggy,
calf-length tunic, long scarf draped around her shoulders to cover her chest and
all but the moon of her face covered. Married women wear a sari, yards of fabric
wrapped around to form a dress often with their head or face covered.

Many women, especially in cities outside Dhaka, never leave their homes without
wearing a burka and a piece of cloth on their head covering everything but their
eyes.

"Women are put behind a curtain by their dress," Munir said. "... It is a way to
keep women hidden."

The oppression isn't just cultural, Akter said. There are Bangladeshi laws that
also marginalize woman - and ostracize some.

"If a woman has a child and she is not married, she and the child are nothing
here," she said. "And I don't mean only that people will hate them. The child is
not eligible for school or anything."

When a child registers for school, he or she must give a father's name. In the
case of most unwed mothers, Akter said, the name of the father generally is not
divulged for fear of retribution for "tarnishing" the man's name.

"That is where all the street children come from," she said. "They are
illegitimate boys and girls. They will never have a life."

Munir described the role of Bangladeshi women as maintaining a household at any
cost. From a young age, girls are taught that their role is to sacrifice all; to
be patient, shy, silent and to bear all pain, she said.

For example, if a family needs a child to quit school to help out at home or to
work, it is a daughter, Munir said. Rarely is a son's education sacrificed.

Bangladeshis define the role of a man as powerful - it is, after all, a
male-dominated society, Akter said. Men have sole responsibility for all
decision-making; a woman is never consulted. Her opinion holds no importance,
she added.

Akter speaks from personal experience.

"There are many things I would do differently," she said. "But I don't have
those options. I never get to say how I feel or what I want to do. It is solely
up to my husband and his family."

Dr. Ayub Abu Hamid of Comilla, Bangladesh, has been married 27 years. He
acknowledged that women are mistreated, but said he thinks things are changing
for the better.

"Every day I think people are seeing the light," he said. "I've seen the
difference from the way things were with my parents' generation and the way
things are now. Yes, we have a very long way to come."

Akter and Munir agreed there have been improvements.

"The literacy rate is increasing - for women, too," Munir said. "And the
government is giving an education incentive stipend for the education of girls.
And some jobs in the government have a 10 percent quota for women."

And crimes against women - murder, torture, rape, all once common occurrences,
Akter said - are decreasing.

Hamid stressed that blaming the Koran and the Muslim faith for oppressing women
is a mistake.

"People all the time attribute these things to the Koran," he said. "Show me in
the Koran where it says a woman can't make her own decisions.

"Like anything, it takes time. I hope that my daughter feels respected and loved
by her husband. And I hope she feels happy in the marriage," he said. "I think
her mother and I raised her and her brother in a way where they were treated
equally. We tried."

Hamid's daughter, Tanjina, 25, is married and lives with her husband and his
parents in Dhaka. Her marriage was arranged; the couple wed three weeks after
they met. They saw each other three times before they married.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. From left, Derek Poulton of Los Angeles, Abbey Brown and Amaly
Johnson of Tallahassee, Fla., ride on a rickshaw Dec. 25, 2004, in downtown
Comilla.; 2. Several women remove entrails from chicken carcasses while
preparing for a wedding in a village near Comilla, Bangladesh.; 3. A Bangladeshi
woman takes a break from washing dishes. She was one of many women cooking and
cleaning outside of a home in preparation for a wedding ceremony in a village
outside of Comilla.; 4. Bangladeshi wedding ceremonies are full of traditions.
After the bride and groom are married, they don't immediately look at one
another directly. They first look at each other through a mirror, place flowers
around each other's necks and feed each other. Here, MiMi, 25, receives flowers
from her new husband in Comilla.

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday

Public face hides real agenda

BYLINE: Clive McFarlane

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; CLIVE MCFARLANE; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 616 words


Stand for Children, with a chapter in Massachusetts and in eight other states,
purports to be a grass-roots organization that promotes excellence in public
schools.

At the moment, however, the organization is facing a lawsuit from the
Massachusetts Teachers Association, the statewide teachers union, which says the
group is working to undermine the state's new educator evaluation system.

Although Stand for Children participated and supported the framing and passage
of the new evaluation system, the group is pushing to place a referendum on the
November 2012 Massachusetts ballot that the MTA and others say would marginalize
and weaken that very same system.

MTA officials say the ballot measure, which would drastically reduce seniority
and other collectively-bargained protections for teachers, is unconstitutional.
They are asking the Supreme Judicial Court to block the measure from the
November ballot.

In an emailed statement, Jason Williams, executive director of Stand for
Children Massachusetts, noted that the group is "made up of parents, teachers,
school administrators and citizens who simply want to ensure that every child,
no matter their ZIP code, has the chance to succeed academically."

"We understand that our efforts have inflamed those who want to preserve the
status quo and place teachers based solely on how long they have been in the
system - not how well they teach," he said.

The MTA, however, is not alone in questioning the group's motivation and agenda.

Parents who have been involved with the group locally say Stand for Children is
actually a "bait and switch" operation that works to win the confidence of a
local community, only to eventually resort to its own agenda, which most often
is one that promotes privatization of public education and the neutering of
teacher unions.

"It started off as a grass-roots organization with wonderful intentions, and
ideas for being there for your children and education, and I put my heart and
soul into it," said Deborah Steigman, former chairman of the Citywide Parent
Planning Advisory Council and former Stand for Children member. "But then they
stopped listening to members and started pushing their own agendas."

She noted that Stand for Children at the national level has received millions in
grants and other financial funding from organizations that support charter
schools and other privatization efforts in public education.

Mr. Williams said the Massachusetts chapter does not receive any financial
support from out-of-state donors.

Still, School Committee member Tracy O'Connell Novick, a former member of Stand
for Children, recalled how she was blindsided by the group in 2009. In that
year, the Worcester Stand for Children leadership team had voted overwhelmingly
not to support proposed Massachusetts education reform measures designed to make
the state eligible for Race to the Top funding, a federal initiative that
offered what some believed to be "financial bribes" to cash-strapped states and
school districts.

To get funding, for example, state and school districts had to agree to increase
charter schools and tie teacher evaluations to student test scores.

According to Ms. O'Connell Novick, the Worcester leadership team voted no on the
reform measures, only for the president of the group to switch the vote to yes
at the state level.

Ms. O'Connell Novick said the Worcester team wrote to the Worcester legislative
delegation, reaffirming their no vote. As a result, she said, the Stand for
Children state leadership became outraged.

"They made it pretty clear that this was not an organization that was answering
to us," Ms. O'Connell Novick said.

Contact Clive McFarlane via email at cmcfarlane@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            November 1, 2009 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

FRIENDLY FIRE

SECTION: OPINIONATED/EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 786 words


Fixing the mayor's ruined rep

Earl Ofari Hutchinson

The word from City Hall is that Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa is moving on a couple
of fronts to salvage his horribly sagging reputation.

One is to pick a quality replacement for outgoing LAPD Chief William Bratton.
That won't do much to help his reputation. The pick is a no-brainer as the
candidates are all in the Bratton mold. They will not deviate one inch from his
playbook to keep the emphasis on community policing, ramping up the number of
minority and women in the ranks, making peace with minority communities,
reducing use of force and misconduct complaints, and more tough, proactive crime
fighting.

The other front is to reshuffle or dump some city managers and radically revamp
city services. Villaraigosa's made that promise before. And each time L.A.
residents have watched as the streets and freeways subsequently became even more
jampacked, as the amount of affordable housing continued to free fall, as the
neighborhood councils continued to be toothless and grossly under-funded, and as
economic development in South L.A has stagnated. And then there's the bait and
switch the mayor and the City Council pulled with the trash fee. They broke
their promise to take the trash collection tax hikes and put more cops on the
streets.

The mayor will have to do much more than shuffle the top faces in a handful of
departments to remake his reputation as an effective and responsive leaders.

Fox-hole in a war

By Rob Asghar

I've disagreed with Earl in the past when he said that the White House's war on
Rush Limbaugh was counterproductive. But I do believe the White House's war on
Fox News is counterproductive.

Fox has a conservative, but still more mainstream, audience than Limbaugh. The
administration is beginning to look whiny in trying to marginalize Fox.

I'm not sure this is "suppression" of free speech. They're not telling Fox what
they can say or think or investigate, they're just saying they feel no need to
give access to the network. Still, it's too thin-skinned an approach, and it's
neither good politics nor good policy.

Our communal shame

By Jonathan Dobrer

A young high school girl was gang-raped in Richmond, Calif., following a dance
last month. This is truly terrible. But that wasn't the end of the tragedy, only
a beginning.

There were witnesses. No, "witness" is the wrong word. This gang-rape drew an
audience. This brings us to a great societal question: Is a woman worth more
than a rooster?

The police are, of course, in pursuit of the actual rapists. But what of the
audience, the spectators, those who stood by and watched or even shouted
encouragement to the thugs? According to the lawyers on TV, they have broken no
law. There is no positive duty to report a crime. And even though there is a
principle that silence connotes assent, their silence - or, worse, cheering - is
without apparent legal consequence.

I am not a lawyer, but this is offensive to justice, reason and morality. I can
understand how one might not be brave enough to intervene because of a
well-founded fear of harm. But every kid had a cell phone and could have called
for help. The ones who remained and watched are morally - if not legally -
complicit.

Here is what I do not understand. Police and government agents will arrest
spectators at a cockfight, but not at a rape. Why the distinction? Is it because
of paid admission or illegal wagering? Surely the girls and women of our
community, state and nation are owed at least equal protection as roosters!

Mug shots on Ventura Boulevard

By Gail-Tzipporah Saunders

The problem with criminals is that we have been playing patty-cake with them for
too long, being too friendly and making too nicety-nice. Take the case of that
15-year-old girl that Jonathan talks about, who was gang-raped and beaten on a
bench outside a school dance. All but one of her attackers is a minor, so the
authorities won't release their names and pictures.

The law should be changed so their names and faces can be known to all. In
addition, the names and mug shots of all felons should be posted along public
strips like Ventura Boulevard near those of Gustavo Dudamel, the newest
wunderkind of the L.A. Philharmonic.

Some people may bemoan these kids' privacy and point out that they are minors,
but the truth is that some of these kids could teach Larry Flynt a thing or two.

They may point to the embarrassment and to the stress of that the pictures will
cause to their families, but that's who raised them.

While I may not have children, I used to be one. If I or any of my cousins or
neighbors had done anything like that, we wouldn't have needed the criminal
justice system to come to our house. We would have needed an ambulance.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  The following is an excerpt of the week's posts at the Daily News'
opinion blog Friendly Fire (www.insidesocal.com/friendlyfire).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 26, 1999 Sunday

ACTIVISTS UNIFY TO PROTEST HWY. 55 REROUTE PROJECT

BYLINE: Nancy Ngo Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 391 words


In a large, peaceful display of unity, activists from the north to the south
ends of Minneapolis joined forces Saturday for a common cause.

About 30 groups and 250 protesters gathered Saturday in a unification march and
protest along an eight-mile route that started in North Minneapolis' Glenwood
neighborhood and ended along the Highway 55 route in South Minneapolis.

Groups organizing the demonstration included the Mendota-Dakota Community,
Northside Neighbors for Justice, American Indian Movement, Welfare Rights
Committee and Jobs and Affordable Housing Campaign. No arrests were made;
Minneapolis police simply directed traffic along the marchers' route.

The protesters also stopped by City Hall, where several groups addressed several
issues.

But the reroute of Highway 55 and the demolition of low-income housing units
took center stage.

"A lot of us are part of a community, but we have no say in the decisions," said
Emily Lindell, who is opposed to the rerouting of Highway 55. "The message today
is 'We won't be ignored.'

"A lot of different groups have come together in an amazing sort of way."

"(When we're on) the opposite sides of town, the City Council (thinks it) can
marginalize us," said Marshall Lough, a member of the Four Oaks Spiritual
Encampment protesting the rerouting. "At this point we need to network."

Large groups of people also came to protest the demolition of apartments in the
Glenwood/Lyndale projects.

The low-income housing units were the focus of the 1995 Hollman Consent Decree,
which called for the demolition of 770 concentrated housing units to be replaced
with scattered housing.

The competing sides were back in court this week when the NAACP rejected a
tentative agreement to demolish 228 apartments in the Glenwood-Lyndale projects
and save 70 units.

On Friday, a federal court judge said he would give the NAACP, the city of
Minneapolis, the city's housing agency and Legal Aid a chance to compromise or
he will make the decision for them.

Rita McDonald, a South Minneapolis resident for 30 years and a longtime
community activist, said Saturday's protest was different than the others she
has attended.

"It feels sacred," she said, "and more urgent."

Nancy Ngo, who covers north suburban communities, can be reached at
nngo@pioneerpress.com or (651) 481-0433.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               StoneBridge School

                               1629A Jolliff Rd.
                             Chesapeake,  VA 23321
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (757) 488-2214
FAX: (757) 465-7637
URL: www.stonebridgeschool.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 75

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   StoneBridge is a classical Christian school established to restore the
Christian character of the Republic. We serve Christian families, enabling each
child to reach the fullest expression of his value in Christ through a Biblical
Principle ApproachÂ® education.  As we teach our children God's love, His Word,
and His history, they know a purposeful and providential Father who creates each
of us with a unique individuality prescribing a purpose to be fulfilled. hat joy
it is to see our children walk in truth. nd what loss, not only to us but to our
nation, when they do not.  But long before the stone bridge, American education
began to abandon the "original intent" of a Christian people. ver two centuries,
we allowed the education of our children to be savaged by false philosophies and
deceptive political agendas, to teach us to make sin acceptable, to disdain
absolute truth, and to relegate the Gospel with its ideals and virtues to the
fringe.Results? government that increasingly robs us of our property,
marginalizes our families, and controls our personal welfare. his is the product
of secular education. e have been educated to this; it is not an accident.  In
the 1960's, the Foundation for American Christian Education began to remind
American Christians of the true Source of their liberty-Christ and His Story. he
Foundation published primary source educational volumes for Christian teachers
and parents knowing that it takes a generation to turn the nation back and that
it c

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

Local Muslim leaders express shock, condemn attack on French paper

BYLINE: TK Barger, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


Jan. 08--Toledo and Ohio Muslim leaders, as well as national Islamic
organizations, responded Wednesday with shock and sadness to the killings at the
offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris, where the shooters reportedly shouted "God is
great" in Arabic.

Speaking "as a human being, a Muslim human being," Cherrefe Kadri, the president
of the Islamic Center of Greater Toledo in Perrysburg, said, "Violence is never
a solution. I can't imagine that it's warranted in any situation, but especially
a situation where it looks like a freedom of the press [issue]."

Nihad Awad, national executive director of the Council on American-Islamic
Relations in Washington, said in a statement, "We strongly condemn this brutal
and cowardly attack and reiterate our repudiation of any such assault on freedom
of speech, even speech that mocks faiths and religious figures. The proper
response to such attacks on the freedoms we hold dear is not to vilify any
faith, but instead to marginalize extremists of all backgrounds who seek to
stifle freedom and to create or widen societal divisions."

The Fatemah Islamic Center in Toledo statement said that while their worshipers
prepare for celebrations of the birth of Muhammad and an eighth-century imam,
they "are saddened and sickened to hear the tragic news."

" ... These murderous extremists have no compassion, no humanity, and no
religion, though they claim the name of Islam. There is no place in Islam for
such barbaric acts. The damage and destruction these terrible individuals cause
in the name of God, Islam, and Prophet Muhammad ... does infinitely more harm to
God's cause than any words or cartoons from a magazine.

"Our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been murdered and injured, may
God bless them and bring them peace. The word condemnation is not strong enough
for the hate we have for these monstrous acts of murder."

The Fatemah Islamic Center statement included a quotation from the Qur'an:
"Whoever kills a soul unless for murder or for corruption in the land, it is as
if he had slain mankind entirely. And whoever saves one, it is as if he had
saved mankind entirely" (Surat Al-Ma'idah 5:32).

Bilal Rana, president of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association in Silver
Springs, Md., said, "The sanctity of human life is central to our faith. That
lives could be taken in this manner for any cause is appalling and
unjustifiable."

Bashir G. Ahmed of the Islamic Council of Ohio, said in a statement that the
council "strongly condemns the horrible attack. ... Our sympathies go toward all
the families who lost their loved ones and pray for the speedy recovery of those
who were injured. This attack was totally unIslamic, is against all the
principles that Islam stands for and is being condemned by the entire Muslim
world."

Contact TK Barger @ tkbarger@theblade.com, 419-724-6278 or on Twitter
@TK_Barger.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150108-TO-Local-Muslim-leaders-express-shock-condemn-attack-on-French-paper-01
08-20150108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           September 28, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Let Gandhi's words inspire

SECTION: VIEWS & NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 269 words


Regarding "Poor leadership cited in aid agency's woes" (front page, Sept. 24):

As the parents of a special needs' son whose life has been transformed for the
better by his association with the Hillsborough Achievement and Resource Centers
(HARC), we read Jose Patino Girona's insightful investigation of its past
management problems with mixed emotions. Our son Alex, who is 24 and autistic,
lives in the Knight Group Home and works at Tampa Work Service -- both owned and
operated by HARC.

We are immeasurably grateful to Barbara Hobbs for her generosity, commitment and
vision going forward. We applaud the board, current HARC management and most of
all, HARC's dedicated staff for their grace under pressure as the organization
moves to ensure its future after six decades of service to the Tampa community.

But let's be clear: HARC's financial problems and the reductions in state
funding it has suffered are not unique to HARC or its management. We have
watched helplessly as state budget cuts have gutted our son's Medicaid waiver
allotment and his jobs program.

The state of Florida can -- and must -- do better than to marginalize its
disabled citizens like our son by cutting the very programs that make them
contributing members of society.

We hope that Mahatma Gandhi's famous reminder that "a nation's greatness is
measured by how it treats its weakest members" will inspire the Tampa community
to help us help HARC by supporting its mission and restoring its funding.

Arnie and Phyllis Goldberg

Tampa

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Conservation, initiatives effective

BYLINE: Robert Waldrop

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 512 words


In the recent debates about energy policy, some folks criticize alternative
energies and public transportation because they are at times subsidized with tax
money. This argument fails the reality test. The government has been picking
"energy winners" for decades.

Gasoline is a superb fuel, but the fossil fuel industry climbed to the top of
the energy heap with the assistance of the best politicians money can buy. This
political power allows the industry to externalize costs (such as pollution and
infrastructure). That's why Oklahoma City's property taxpayers have to pick up
so much of the tab for construction and maintenance of the city's roads.

Dismissing solar, biofuels and public transportation in favor of more dependence
upon fossil fuels, because of an ideological commitment to "free markets," is
therefore at best disingenuous.

Media defenders of the energy status quo are also quick to marginalize energy
conservation. From Dick Cheney's brusque dismissal of conservation as merely
moral virtue to the present string of commentaries belittling the contribution
conservation can make to solving our energy dilemmas, they would have us
unconditionally surrender before we even get started!

Reality-based analysis indicates that we have barely begun to tap the potential
of energy conservation. Most families could achieve reductions of 50 percent on
their household's BTU usage, and could cut their gasoline use by a similar
percentage, with a little investment and some smart work. I earn a tax-free 8
percent per year dividend on the capital cost of the energy conservation
renovations of my home. I earn 50 percent per year on the capital cost of
switching most of my driving from a big pickup to a small 3-cylinder used car,
together with taking the city bus on occasion. These "dividends" are money that
I no longer spend on energy.

The best investments are in weatherization, extra insulation,  insulated window
shutters,  upgrading appliances and heating/cooling systems, changes in personal
behaviors/habits, and passive solar heating. At age 55, energy conservation
strategies are an important component of my retirement plan. I am spending money
now, while I have income, so I don't have to spend money later during
retirement.

Energy conservation is a productive and secure investment, offering Oklahoma
families tax-free dividends that increase as energy prices rise. Most people who
have financial assets would earn better returns if they shifted some of those
investments out of banks and stock markets and into serious energy conservation
strategies for their households.

As the beneficiaries of generous public subsidies, fossil fuel advocates have no
cause to throw propaganda stones at mass transit proposals or the developing
markets for alternative fuels. Families can take control of their energy
destinies, and thus gain important financial and environmental benefits, by
investing in household energy conservation and supporting responsible public
initiatives such as expanded public transportation.

Waldrop lives in Oklahoma City.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: Robert Waldrop

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Conservation, initiatives effective

BYLINE: Robert Waldrop

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 512 words


In the recent debates about energy policy, some folks criticize alternative
energies and public transportation because they are at times subsidized with tax
money. This argument fails the reality test. The government has been picking
"energy winners" for decades.

Gasoline is a superb fuel, but the fossil fuel industry climbed to the top of
the energy heap with the assistance of the best politicians money can buy. This
political power allows the industry to externalize costs (such as pollution and
infrastructure). That's why Oklahoma City's property taxpayers have to pick up
so much of the tab for construction and maintenance of the city's roads.

Dismissing solar, biofuels and public transportation in favor of more dependence
upon fossil fuels, because of an ideological commitment to "free markets," is
therefore at best disingenuous.

Media defenders of the energy status quo are also quick to marginalize energy
conservation. From Dick Cheney's brusque dismissal of conservation as merely
moral virtue to the present string of commentaries belittling the contribution
conservation can make to solving our energy dilemmas, they would have us
unconditionally surrender before we even get started!

Reality-based analysis indicates that we have barely begun to tap the potential
of energy conservation. Most families could achieve reductions of 50 percent on
their household's BTU usage, and could cut their gasoline use by a similar
percentage, with a little investment and some smart work. I earn a tax-free 8
percent per year dividend on the capital cost of the energy conservation
renovations of my home. I earn 50 percent per year on the capital cost of
switching most of my driving from a big pickup to a small 3-cylinder used car,
together with taking the city bus on occasion. These "dividends" are money that
I no longer spend on energy.

The best investments are in weatherization, extra insulation,  insulated window
shutters,  upgrading appliances and heating/cooling systems, changes in personal
behaviors/habits, and passive solar heating. At age 55, energy conservation
strategies are an important component of my retirement plan. I am spending money
now, while I have income, so I don't have to spend money later during
retirement.

Energy conservation is a productive and secure investment, offering Oklahoma
families tax-free dividends that increase as energy prices rise. Most people who
have financial assets would earn better returns if they shifted some of those
investments out of banks and stock markets and into serious energy conservation
strategies for their households.

As the beneficiaries of generous public subsidies, fossil fuel advocates have no
cause to throw propaganda stones at mass transit proposals or the developing
markets for alternative fuels. Families can take control of their energy
destinies, and thus gain important financial and environmental benefits, by
investing in household energy conservation and supporting responsible public
initiatives such as expanded public transportation.

Waldrop lives in Oklahoma City.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: Robert Waldrop

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

New London has 'action plan' to stem misbehavior of unsavory characters downtown

BYLINE: Ann Baldelli, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1462 words


Sept. 24--NEW LONDON -- About a month ago, downtown resident Suzanne Simpson
shared stories of some of the unsavory characters and incidents she's witnessed
while walking her dog mornings and evenings in the city's central business
district.

It was at a gathering of merchants and city officials where she detailed the
off-putting, repugnant activity that she and others had witnessed, and where
concerned business owners and citizens asked municipal leaders to do more to
curb or stop it.

"I lived in Tampa for 30 years, and I never saw it this bad," she said. "It was
not like this."

Simpson told stories of panhandlers harassing Coast Guard Academy cadets on Bank
Street as they made their way to a city restaurant, and of vagrants searching
through empty liquor bottles put out for garbage collection on South Water
Street to consume the last dregs, then tossing the bottles. She said she saw a
man on Atlantic Street drop his pants to defecate.

"Our EMTs are so exhausted with these people," Simpson said. "I have witnessed
it. I walk my dog a lot. And I talk to those EMTs. One of them told me, 'See
that guy over there? We've taken him to the hospital eight times in a week.'"

Simpson shared those stories, and others, a month ago, and city leaders
listened.

For several weeks now, Mayor Michael Passero said Jeanne Milstein, the city's
new director of human services, has been working "to actively manage the
situation." And city police have launched "a quality of life initiative,"
according to Deputy Chief of Police Peter Reichard.

"I don't think New London is unique," Passero said. "Go to any successful urban
development, and you will find what we have here. If you have a vibrant,
bustling urban center, it tends to marginalize it, but if you look close, it's
there."

The mayor said there have been complaints about panhandling downtown and the
best way to stop the practice is for people to stop giving money to those asking
for a handout.

"They're not helping them, and in fact, they are breaking the law if they are
approached and reach into their pocket to give spare change or a buck," he said.

If someone wants to be supportive, the mayor suggested referring panhandlers to
existing services in the city that can feed them or help them with a bus ticket.

'They have civil rights'

American Civil Liberties Union chapters across the country, including in Rhode
Island, have sued municipalities that have enacted panhandling ordinances.

New London banned panhandling two years ago and installed signs on downtown
streets. Reichard said the police have received 72 complaints regarding the
practice, 16 of those since January of this year.

Meghan Smith, communications director of the American Civil Liberties Union of
Connecticut, said her agency is closely following anti-panhandling ordinances
across the state.

Asked specifically about the local effort, she said, "New London's prohibition
on panhandling is cold-hearted, and we strongly oppose it. Free speech should
belong to everyone, not just the well-heeled."

Cathy Zall, executive director of the Homeless Hospitality Center, said every
troublesome person downtown is not necessarily homeless.

" ... A key point is to remember that the primary thing people experiencing
homelessness have in common is a lack of housing. Otherwise we will find among
our neighbors experiencing homelessness every range of behavior and character
that we find elsewhere. Most statements I hear about 'homeless people' are gross
and unfair simplifications of a much more complex picture," she said.

"So if we are concerned about the behavior of a small number of people who are
disrupting other's reasonable enjoyment of public spaces, we should not be too
quick to assume that the cause of this behavior is homelessness," she said.
"Some of these individuals may be experiencing homelessness but the 'cause' of
their behavior is not homelessness. The vast majority of people experiencing
homelessness continue to be good citizens -- even in the face of very serious
challenges."

Reichard, the deputy police chief, said just because someone looks unkempt or
dirty, police can't move them along.

"They have civil rights," he said. "If someone is just sitting, and they're not
intoxicated or causing a problem, that's not illegal."

But the deputy chief concurred that the kinds of things that Simpson and the
others are troubled by are legitimate, and he said police are working to address
them.

Milstein takes action

Milstein said better signs, encouraging people who want to help the needy to
give directly to service providers, have been discussed.

The social services director also has been meeting regularly with emergency
responders and social services providers, and talking to state mental health and
court officials, including the probate judge, to identify "frequent transports
to the hospital" and other individuals who have created problems, and get help
for them.

"We are trying to link these people immediately to case workers and people they
know in the community ... we are trying to get data on who are the repeat
offenders ... and talking to the probate judge to maybe get a conservator
involved," she said. "And we are working actively with police to get a quick
response time, and ... we have really seen a noticeable change the last few
weeks."

Simpson, and downtown business owners like Charlotte Hennegan, who runs a
flower/coffee shop and a spirits store on State Street, agreed.

"She has been great," Hennegan said of Milstein, noting that people who had been
loitering in large numbers on Bank Street near the historic Shaw Mansion and a
gas station/convenience store across the street don't seem to be there anymore.

"When a whole conglomeration of people start standing and sitting there ...
Something like that can take down a whole neighborhood, so we brought it up at a
City Center District meeting, and jaws were dropping," Hennegan said.

The City Center District represents downtown property owners and is among the
groups trying to attract more people to the downtown.

At the meeting where Simpson shared her dog walk observations, others told
stories about witnessing inappropriate or illegal activity. Someone told
Hennegan about illicit sexual activity behind a Bank Street building.

"There were a ton of stories, and Jeanne Milstein got right on it," Hennegan
said. "She listened to us. She took notes, and within a week, things started
changing."

Milstein spoke to Richard Krom of Malta Ministries, the faith-based nonprofit
that was distributing food, clothing and personal hygiene products to people in
need at Waterfront Park near the Custom House, and asked him to move the
operation to the Homeless Hospitality Center on State Pier Road, or the soup
kitchen on Montauk Avenue.

"We asked them to move, and he was very gracious," said Milstein, adding there
are professionals on staff at the homeless shelter to assess a person's needs.
Downtown merchants were thrilled to see the ministry move off of Waterfront
Park.

'A green for everybody'

Steve Manuel, executive director of the New London County Historical Society,
which is headquartered at the Shaw Mansion at 11 Blinman St. and owns the tiny
city green at Bank and Woviotis Place, said the society recently put up "no
trespassing" signs to keep people who were congregating on the lawn there from
doing so.

"The trash just became so bad, we felt we needed to hang signs," he said. "But
what I was hoping, and what we want, is that our green space be just that, a
green for everybody."

Manuel said visitors and downtown residents should be able to enjoy the space,
including the lawn and gardens at Shaw Mansion, without littering.

In addition to the trash, he said society staff has found hypodermic needles on
the grounds.

"It makes me sad as executive director that we have to put up signs," he said.
"We want people here, we want them to come to the mansion, but we want them to
respect the property."

Milstein said addressing the vagrancy issue downtown is a priority for the city,
and there is an "action plan" now to address recent problems.

But she also said the vast majority of visitors in the City Center District are
good, law-abiding people and those creating disturbances or acting
inappropriately are few -- "it's a number where we can get our arms around the
issue," she said.

"And a lot of those individuals need help and we want to get them help,"
Milstein said.

"I see a big difference already, a big, big difference," Simpson said.
"(Milstein) is a godsend to the city. We all see that there has been a decrease
in this activity. We see now that there is light at the end of the tunnel."

a.baldelli@theday.com

___ (c)2016 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160924-NL-New-London-has-action-plan-to-stem-misbehavior-of-unsavory-character
s-downtown-0924-20160924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2016 The Day


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Washington: The News with Sen. Cruz - October 28, 2016

LENGTH: 1061  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Ted Cruz has issued the following news
release:



 Israel has been and always will be one of America's closest allies. Recently,
the United Nations' hostility towards Israel was on display yet again as two
anti-Israel resolutions were adopted in a deliberate attempt to rewrite
Jerusalem's history, and deny the historic connection of the Jewish people to
holy sites in Israel's capital, Jerusalem.





 Prior to those votes - which were held by the United Nations Educational,
Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Executive Board and World Heritage
Committee - I was proud to lead a bipartisan, bicameral, congressional effort
with Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL) urging members of UNESCO to oppose these
resolutions. While we were encouraged more countries withdrew their support from
this effort against Israel, ultimately President Obama declined to show
meaningful leadership in rallying countries to defeat these measures, which
could have had a tremendous impact in opposing the UN's ongoing efforts to
marginalize our close ally.



 Under President Obama, the United States has unfortunately shrunk back from its
traditional role as the fearless defender and steadfast partner of Israel. But
we will not cease to continue to stand firmly in defense of Israel in any
capacity possible, especially in biased international forums like the UN that
constantly seek to delegitimize our friend and ally.



 Lastly, I was pleased to see that Defense Secretary Ash Carter halted the
administration's practice of clawing back signing bonuses paid to National Guard
members who reenlisted to fight for our freedom in Iraq and Afghanistan. If any
Texans have been adversely impacted by this, please see my statement below and
contact my office.



 Keep Texas Strong,



 TC Sig

 Ted Cruz



 Sen. Cruz, Rep. Ros-Lehtinen Continue Leading Efforts in Support of Israel



 On Monday, Sen. Cruz and Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.) led a bipartisan,
bicameral letter to members of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and
Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Committee urging opposition to
"The Old City of Jerusalem and its Walls" resolution, which denies Jewish and
Christian ties to Jerusalem and delegitimizes Israel. Sen. Cruz and Rep.
Ros-Lehtinen also recently led a similar letter to members of UNESCO's Executive
Board against this attempt to re-write Jerusalem's history.



 "UNESCO will consider another biased resolution that denies the historical
connection of the Jewish people to its holy sites in Jerusalem this week," Sen.
Cruz said. "Members of the World Heritage Committee should reject this
pernicious effort to delegitimize Israel, and vote against this resolution that
attempts to rewrite thousands of years of Jerusalem's Jewish identity, which has
been scientifically reaffirmed by the archaeological record.  More and more
countries, such as Mexico, Brazil, and Italy, have voiced increasing objections
to a similar resolution that was just adopted at the UNESCO Executive Board. It
is long past time for more countries to do the same and put an end to this
absurd charade to undermine our close ally Israel."



 Read Sen. Cruz and Rep. Ros-Lehtinen's letter in its entirety here.

 Sen. Cruz Op-Ed in The Washington Times: 'America's Missed UNESCO Opportunity'



 Sen. Cruz on Monday penned an op-ed for The Washington Times rebuking the Obama
administration for failing to rally support for Israel at the UNESCO Executive
Board meeting in Paris last week during a contentious vote on the "Occupied
Palestine" resolution, which attempts to expunge thousands of years of
Jerusalem's Jewish identity.



 Cruz also highlighted his and Rep. Ros-Lehtinen's recent efforts in Congress to
denounce this unconscionable attempt to re-write Jerusalem's history, including
their recent letters to members of the UNESCO Executive Board and to members of
UNESCO's World Heritage Committee.



 "America should be rallying our friends and allies to oppose these insidious
UNESCO resolutions that attempt to undermine the historic connection of the
Israeli people with all of their country, including their capital, Jerusalem,"
Sen. Cruz wrote. "And if President Obama continues to prioritize his political
legacy over the national security interests of the United States--which would be
a secure and sovereign Israel--Congress at least should have the courage to lead
this charge."



 Read Sen. Cruz's op-ed here.



 Sen. Cruz Admonishes UNESCO's Vote to Expunge Jerusalem's Jewish Identity



 On Wednesday, Sen. Cruz released the following statement rebuking the United
Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World
Heritage Committee's vote to deny Jewish and Christian ties to Jerusalem and
delegitimize Israel:



 "Denying the Jewish identity of Jerusalem is as ridiculous as declaring the
Alamo isn't Texan. UNESCO's World Heritage Committee should be focused on its
actual mission of protecting cultural treasures, not using them as pawns for a
political agenda. It is highly unfortunate the United States was not able to
play a more active role rallying the growing support for Israel in UNESCO to
defeat this measure - we must not miss any such future opportunities."



 Read the full release online here.



 Sen. Cruz Issues Statement on Obama Administration Efforts to Claw Back
Enlistment Bonuses



 Sen. Cruz on Wednesday issued the following statement regarding reports of the
Obama administration's attempts to claw back, in some cases via debt collectors
and wage garnishment, enlistment bonuses that had been paid to members of the
California National Guard:



 "I applaud Secretary Carter for taking steps today to ensure that American
soldiers who received enlistment bonuses due solely to bureaucratic error will
not be forced to repay their well-deserved money. No administration should ever
force men and women who have selflessly volunteered their lives in service to
our Nation to repay a government-offered enlistment incentive. I encourage any
soldiers currently residing in Texas who may have been affected by this issue to
contact my office, and we will do everything we can to ensure that the
obligations the government made to our men and women in uniform are honored."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 20, 2013 Wednesday

Take 'Gravy' train to B'klyn

BYLINE: Steve Cuozzo; Free Range

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 776 words


Is the pasta at Brooklyn kitchen god Saul Bolton's new trattoria Red Gravy made
in-house? "The bulk of it is extruded right here," the waiter answered proudly.

Well, extrude this. But no new 21st-century Brooklyn restaurant, not even one as
enjoyable as Red Gravy, would be fun without its little shticks and pretensions.

Among them: no reservations taken for parties smaller than six, and "pickles"
that are actually tiny vegetables so vinegary they all taste alike. Worse, the
signature "red gravy" is offered only on Sunday, as if to marginalize it from
presumably more authentic offerings. My appetite is for the sauce, not for
irony.

All's forgiven, though. I wanted to love this place on the Brooklyn
Heights-Cobble Hill border before I even set foot inside. Red gravy was the
sustaining substance of my Brooklyn childhood and remains an enduring pleasure
of life.

Chef/owner Bolton's first restaurant, Saul, truly first put the "new" Brooklyn
eating scene on the map. A Michelin star on Smith Street! Go, Saul! Now, make
Italian heaven on Atlantic Avenue!

And he and chef de cuisine Ayesha J. Nurdjaja pull it off. Of course, you can't
just open a joint and say "Good Italian food" - you bifurcate the menu into
"southern Italian" (most dishes) and "Italian- American" (rotating piatto del
giorno). But "red sauce" distinctions can be mighty gray, so I'd take them with
a grain of Trapani salt.

Red Gravy is spacious by local standards, framed mostly in Brooklyn generic
brick and timber and almost decorated - thanks to some flocked wallpaper and
vintage photos. A red, triple-globe tap head on the bar - "That's our Ferrari" -
lends the only drop of color.

Just when you've had it with tables too dark to see much, along come the
meatballs and polenta: veal, pork and beef alloyed seamlessly to egg, fennel and
tomato sauce in which they're roasted and braised. Supple and moist on the
tongue, lent crackle by bread crumbs, they whip Manhattan's best in this golden
age of meatballs.

Exacting kitchen discipline makes old favorites seem rustic and rugged. They're
lushly textured and complexioned with different herbs and accents than in more
literal Italian preparations.

Pasta ($15 to $27) reflects the liberating spirit of two other fine New York
Italian chefs, Michael White (Marea) and Missy Robbins (of A Voce, where
Nurdjaja previously worked). Calamarata are semolina rings shaped like calamari
- ideal for bearing sauce and traditionally Neapolitan. But they're blackened
Sicilian-style in squid ink and merrily tossed with spicy Nduja sausage, shrimp,
pork fat, mint and bergamot - an exuberant meld of southern Italian, North
African and North Brooklyn influences.

Monday night's pasta al forno, small and circular anelletti, were baked to a
soul-satisfying turn beneath a crackling crust with tomato sauce, garlic, basil,
mozzarella and Grana Padano cheese and sparked with a fearless burst of chili
flakes. I'm not sure what's any kind of Italian about grilled skirt steak, even
when it's garlic- and rosemarymarinated, but ours was merely magnificent.

The kitchen's prone to timing blunders, though, especially after long waits for
entrees ($24 to $28) on busy nights. Succulent-looking rabbit proved to be dry
and dull. Overgrilling also sapped a huge Berkshire pork chop of moisture at the
same meal. Another night, the cut arrived just right, pink in the center and
fully revealing brined and marinated essences of herbs and orange zest.

Of course it all came down to the Sunday gravy - a $45 mini-splurge starting
with cheesy arancini and proceeding to crisp tricolore salad fortified with
cippolini onions, apples and walnuts.

The finale took 20 minutes to arrive after the salad, but it was worth the wait.
Spoonably thick tomato sauce - layered with fennel, wine, pork skin and garlic -
ravished paccheri tubular pasta and, on a separate plate, an extravagance of
mammal protein: lamb ribs (fatty enough), Calabrian pork sausage (spicy) and
short rib braciole (drinkably supple), plus one glorious meatball.

I've eaten this dish, or something close to it, all my life, from Rao's to Rome,
but never one this good. Not only love, but time-intensive curing and braising -
and judicious application of pepper, coriander, lardo, egg, mint, parsley and
chili - made it worthy of its title role.

Desserts ($8 to $9) are slightly edgy. Leave the cannoli, which is disastrously
deconstructed. Take the goat cheesecake wed to soft Taggiasca olives and sour
cherries.

Take no chances on Sunday gravy: Go early, because they sometimes run out. Seven
days more are too many to wait.

scuozzo@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -"Sunday gravy" includes (clockwise, from left) Italian greens,
paccheri pasta, arancini, olives and four meats: lamb ribs, pork sausage, short
rib bra-ciole and a meatball - and red sauce.-The attractive bar at Red Gravy in
Brooklyn also draws in diners, not just drinkers. [Jemal Countess (2)]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 18, 2008 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

c.j.;
the dish;
The Lynx ad you won't see;
`The Hot Hoagie' you will see

BYLINE: CHERYL JOHNSON, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; c.j. ; The dish; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 786 words


Seimone Augustus won't be quite like Mike in future ads for the Minnesota Lynx.

In an ad comparing the Lynx guard to Michael Jordan, AB Group One partner and
chief creative director Chris Birt wrote copy stating that, athletically
speaking, "She was kind of like Michael Jordan with a little surgery."

What surgery would that beeeee? "You know, kind of like a makeover," Birt said.
"Kind of an extreme makeover."

That TV spot showed Augustus looking fierce, from the ankles up, as the words
"Think Jordan ... Post Op" pop onto the screen.

You might have seen it on TV once or twice, but you won't see it again. The Lynx
were not comfortable with the commercial, Birt said. (But I'll bet Jordan's
ex-wife would have gotten a chuckle out of the concept.)

Birt replaced the "Post Op" ad with one that refers to Augustus as "Air Heir."
Now he's being told that the new line should read "Air Heiress."

Absolutely not! We need to avoid words designed to marginalize the work of
women: actress, hostess, waitress, stewardess.

Birt is discovering that everybody's a copy editor, even his mother, Ann Birt.

Oh, Christopher, that's way too scary, his mom said after seeing a print ad
showing Augustus' face as half her own and half Lynx, a current marketing trend.

A Minnesota winner

"The Hot Hoagie" has a role on ABC's "The Bachelorette."

Ryan Hoag, an academic All-America and star receiver at Gustavus, is one of the
25 bachelors DeAnna Pappas will put through the paces starting Monday in the
next season of the reality show. As a professional football player -- he was
formerly on the Vikings practice squad -- Hoag is prepared for the paces.

He's back in Minneapolis modeling, creating a stir at the school where he's
substitute teaching and hoping some NFL team picks him up for training camp.
Factoid: "The Hot Hoagie," as Hoag was dubbed at the 2006 Starkey Hearing
Foundation gala, was a teammate of Giants QB Jesse Palmer during his stint as
"The Bachelor."

Moore Creative Talent's prez Andrea Hjelm tells me that Pappas could not do
better than Hoag: "He is, first of all, a great person, so considerate of other
people, and really giving and unselfish in so many ways. I don't see that much
in talent because a lot of them are very self-centered. He is such a joyful
person; he is just great."

Hjelm added: "The thing I like best about Ryan is he's smart. He finished
college. He's able to make good decisions. He's so reasonable and that is
something unusual for someone who plays [professional sports]."

I don't know this DeAnna, but too many of the women on this show are extremely
silly and not savvy enough to select a guy as decent as Hoag. "If [she's] smart,
she would pick him," Hjelm said. "He would be a wonderful individual to spend
your life with. He has a soul. He's cute. He's muscular."

In OK! magazine, Chris Harrison, host of the show, named Hoag one of five
bachelors to watch. Crave in Edina's Galleria will be the site of "The Hot
Hoagie" viewing party on Monday night for the first episode. You're invited.

Vintage Ventura

I was telling colleagues that if Jesse Ventura had matured since our paths last
crossed, my presence at his Mall of American book signing Thursday would be
uneventful. If not, this might be a video-at-10 situation.

As expected, Ventura was taking questions from the public but not from any of
the Minnesota Media Jackals. Of course, that never stops us. KARE 11's Scott
Goldberg got halfway through a question about whether Ventura was going to run
for the Senate. I got part way through a question about whether Ventura had
written the book himself or with the help of a ghostwriter.

As you'll see from the video, the love flowed from Ventura to me. It was just
like old times, although, as usual, I didn't know what he was talking about when
he said I agreed never to mention his name again. And former Star Tribune
Managing Editor Pam Fine, at the paper during the Ventura years, said Friday
that no such promise was ever made.

JesseWorld is an exotic place where men apparently wear curious hairstyles. I
didn't get to ask Ventura about his fetching bald mullet. But before he arrived
at the MOA, I interviewed the first Ventura fan I noticed wearing the alluring
look. His business card reads: Tim Halvorson, chair of the board of the American
Bear Association, americanbear.org.

Before Ventura was Guv, according to Halvorson, they worked out at the same gym.
That was when Ventura "told me to shave it off," Halvorson said. "I told him
what hair I have, I like to keep."

C.J. is at 612.332.TIPS or cj@startribune.com E-mailers, please state a subject
-- "Hello" doesn't count. Attachments are not opened, so don't even try. More of
her attitude can be seen on Fox 9 Thursday mornings.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             April 21, 2008 Monday

Republican Rank-And-File Deprived Of Fair Primary Process

BYLINE: Paul E. Gottfried

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 895  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


In a recent New York Post column, Victor Davis Hanson correctly notes that [h]ad
Hillary run under Republican primary rules, her wins would have already sealed
her nomination.

Unlike the Democrats, Republicans have tried to minimize infighting with
winner-take-all rules in state primaries. Thus, even if a candidate does not
enjoy majority support among registered Republicans, he or she can become the
inevitable presidential candidate by eking out narrow victories, as McCain did,
in key states.

One of the means GOP partisans are now using to rub salt into the wounds caused
by Democratic infighting is to register as Democrats in order to build up
Hillary as a stumbling block to Obama.

While such tactics may be legal, my question is why Republicans are not ashamed
of taking advantage of their opposition for being more democratic than
Republican Party leaders. The Democrats are suffering for trying to nominate a
candidate who enjoys majority support among party members.

Allowing for a proportionate distribution of the votes in the various primary
states is the way the Democrats are pursuing this result, while the introduction
of superdelegates is intended to maintain some minimal organizational stability
in how the choice of a Democratic nominee is finally reached.

Republicans, by contrast, have rushed to marginalize dissent lest they fail to
get a jump in the presidential contest, and what they have given us looks like a
manipulated primary process. The Republicans would do well to imitate the
Democrats in taking full account of their core voters.

Yes, I am sounding off because of my unhappiness with how the Republicans have
become the party of Big Government even more than the Democrats.

Curiously, most Republican voters express the same outlook, but then land up
campaigning for candidates who are on a different wave length. It is Republican
advisers and Fox News commentators who may be determining more than anyone else
the outcome of the GOP's antiseptically conducted primary struggles.

A Republican candidate does not have to have a majority of the party behind him
in order to win. Favorable signals from the media and party leadership can help
provide the favored candidate with pluralities in certain key states, before any
really bad feelings have been generated.

Moreover, the Republicans seem to be a party without much of an agenda, other
than having public service jobs to hand out, doing favors for certain business
interests and yammering about converting everyone and his cousin to democracy.

Considering that Republicans a few months ago were livid about Bush's wish to
amnesty illegals and about his failure to institute immigration reform, one
should be astonished at how these recently disgruntled partisans are lining up
behind a candidate who has been among the softest Republicans in the Senate on
immigration questions.

The reluctance expressed by some Hillary- and Obama-militants to vote in the
general race for their present opponents is not simply sour grapes. It suggests
a deep and admirable commitment among Democrats to a real democratic debate.

Syndicated columnist Matt Towery, writing recently in the New Era, may have it
all wrong when he complains that McCain could get the Dole treatment, because
like Dole, who was the presidential candidate in 1996, McCain is witty,
conservative and independent. Apparently the Republican establishment doesn't
like independence.

While Towery is correct that the Republican establishment doesn't care about
independence, that same establishment has now picked a second Dole to avoid
being controversial.

In 1996, Dole was already an old warhorse, and one who had repeatedly provided
the Democrats with bipartisan support, most conspicuously in the case of the
Americans with Disability Act, a hornet's nest of federal regulation that has
now reached into local bed-and-breakfast arrangements in Lancaster County. Dole
ran for president showcasing his active role in passing that act and in
sponsoring an additional civil rights bill under George Bush I.

Although his fervent support for all kinds of federal oversight over the social
and commercial activities of his fellow-citizens should have alerted Republicans
to his affection for Big Brother, apparently it did nothing of the kind. Dole
was defeated in a contest that may be a cautionary table. He was not able to
outmaneuver the incumbent Bill Clinton as a part-time liberal Democrat.

My reaction at that time was that I would rather vote for a Democratic liberal
than a Republican who was impersonating Clinton. Dole lost not because of his
independent spirit but because he landed up in a no man's land in the
hypothetical center of the party spectrum.

What Towery means by being witty, independent and conservative is being
minimally offensive to those who are not likely to be Republican voters.

Judged by this criterion, we may have such a Republican candidate in McCain. I
only wish that the Republican majority had been allowed to speak to this matter
without the winner-take-all rule.

Or else that the Republican rank-and-file was not reacting like sheep after
having been deprived of a fair primary process. These voters should be turning
on their own leadership instead of making the Democrats suffer for treating
their voters with more respect.

Gottfried is Raffensperger Professor of Humanities at Elizabethtown College.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gottfried

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 14, 1998, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

GROUP URGES UNDERSTANDING, COOPERATION IN NORTH COUNTY;
'ALL OF US ARE COMING TOGETHER, REGARDLESS OF OUR' AFFILIATION, LEADER SAYS

BYLINE: BY MARGARET GILLERMAN; Of; the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NORTH POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 870 words


"If God loves each person unconditionally, how can we not do the same?" - From
the mission statement of North County Churches Uniting for Racial Harmony and
Justice

The Rev. Monica Jefferson, known as Pastor Monica to most who know her, often
wears her orange kufee, or African cap or crown.

She is associate pastor of a racially integrated, predominantly white church in
Florissant, St. Andrew United Methodist Church, where she says people feel
comfortable enough to express themselves and respect one another.

"People know in their heart of hearts that to dislike or hate or marginalize
someone simply because they're different, because of their race, is wrong," she
says.

Jefferson hopes that people throughout north St. Louis County will spread that
message. She is part of a growing organization that calls itself North County
Churches Uniting for Racial Harmony and Justice. Some members are white; some
are black. They come from many different faiths. But they have common goals:
improving race relations in North County and stopping the exodus of white
residents from the area.

The Rev. Al Krummenacher, pastor of John Knox Presbyterian Church in Florissant,
helped start the organization, which meets monthly.

"A lot of groups are working to make the North County community a better place,"
he said. "We're the only group, as far as I know, to address the moral and
ethical dimensions of racism."

Krummenacher says the organization has generated much excitement. "All of us are
coming together, regardless of our theological stance," he said.

Most people learn about the group through church bulletins, but it's open to
people of any faith, whether or not they are affiliated with an institution. The
next meeting is at at 7 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 22, in the library of John Knox
Presbyterian at 13200 New Hall's Ferry Road.

The organization grew out of the church's committee, called Dismantling Racism,
which had met for about two years when it decided last winter to start a larger
movement.

"We were concerned about racism," said Rance Thomas, an elder at John Knox and
chairman of the group. "We saw a number of white residents moving out of North
County as African-Americans moved in. We were concerned this would destabilize
the community. Then, in February, we decided we had to join with other churches
to make a difference, and we invited others to participate."

"It's incredible how quickly this has grown," Thomas added. "We feel we are
moving in the right direction."

More than 20 churches have taken part. The group includes Lutherans, Catholics,
Episcopalians, Baptists, Methodists, independent churches and the United Church
of Christ. Members, including clergy and laypeople, meet at various churches,
and the group seems to get larger with every meeting.

"Our goal is to bring people together around activities, and through this we
hope we'll have a better understanding of each other and overcome stereotypes
that exist about each other," Thomas said."We want to get people to stay in
North County and overcome our differences."

Thomas, who is black, is a professor of sociology and criminal justice at Lewis
and Clark Community College in Godfrey.

The group has events planned for later this year and next, including a
performance on race relations by a professional group later this fall and a
celebration of the birthday of the late Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Members
also are forming a North County Ecumenical Integrated Choir and preparing a
covenant statement they will ask churches to sign.

The church group is also working with other groups to enhance the image of North
County as a diverse, vibrant place to live and work.

On Sunday, Aug. 30, on a day of sunshine with abundant blue skies, the group
sponsored an ecumenical worship service. About 125 people gathered under a
pavilion in the woods at Spanish Lake County Park to pray, sing psalms and talk
about dispelling fears and stereotypes. The majority of th ose attending were
white.

The Rev. Ed Schneider, who is white, said they were there "to celebrate the
commonalities" of religious people. He is with Christ the King United Church of
Christ in Florissant.

The Rev. Edmund Lowe of Florissant, pastor of Christ Our Redeemer AME Church in
Black Jack, says he wants to encourage people to stay in North County, just as
he has made a commitment to the area.

"I bought a home here, I pastor a church here, my wife teaches here and we have
children going to school here," said Lowe, who is black. "North County is a
flourishing, thriving, beautiful community worth living in."

Jefferson read a passage from the book of Acts that she believed was
appropriate. "From generation to generation, God pours out his spirit and begins
new things through people," she read.

She added: "It's through people we can address the issue of race. This forum . .
. is a beginning."

Jefferson explained that she wore her kufee as a gesture of inclusion rather
than a way of separating herself from others. "It's a door-opener. We all need
to be understood and to understand."

"There is some pain in change," she added. "We have a long way to go. We at
least want to do something."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Color Photo by KAREN ELSHOUT / POST-DISPATCH - The Rev. Edmund
Lowe (left), the Rev. Monica Jefferson and the Rev. Al Krummenacher are leaders
in North County Churches Uniting for Racial Harmony and Justice.

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday

Public face hides real agenda

BYLINE: Clive McFarlane

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 620 words


COLUMN: CLIVE MCFARLANE

Stand for Children, with a chapter in Massachusetts and in eight other states,
purports to be a grass-roots organization that promotes excellence in public
schools.

At the moment, however, the organization is facing a lawsuit from the
Massachusetts Teachers Association, the statewide teachers union, which says the
group is working to undermine the state's new educator evaluation system.

Although Stand for Children participated and supported the framing and passage
of the new evaluation system, the group is pushing to place a referendum on the
November 2012 Massachusetts ballot that the MTA and others say would marginalize
and weaken that very same system.

MTA officials say the ballot measure, which would drastically reduce seniority
and other collectively-bargained protections for teachers, is unconstitutional.
They are asking the Supreme Judicial Court to block the measure from the
November ballot.

In an emailed statement, Jason Williams, executive director of Stand for
Children Massachusetts, noted that the group is "made up of parents, teachers,
school administrators and citizens who simply want to ensure that every child,
no matter their ZIP code, has the chance to succeed academically."

"We understand that our efforts have inflamed those who want to preserve the
status quo and place teachers based solely on how long they have been in the
system - not how well they teach," he said.

The MTA, however, is not alone in questioning the group's motivation and agenda.

Parents who have been involved with the group locally say Stand for Children is
actually a "bait and switch" operation that works to win the confidence of a
local community, only to eventually resort to its own agenda, which most often
is one that promotes privatization of public education and the neutering of
teacher unions.

"It started off as a grass-roots organization with wonderful intentions, and
ideas for being there for your children and education, and I put my heart and
soul into it," said Deborah Steigman, former chairman of the Citywide Parent
Planning Advisory Council and former Stand for Children member. "But then they
stopped listening to members and started pushing their own agendas."

She noted that Stand for Children at the national level has received millions in
grants and other financial funding from organizations that support charter
schools and other privatization efforts in public education.

Mr. Williams said the Massachusetts chapter does not receive any financial
support from out-of-state donors.

Still, School Committee member Tracy O'Connell Novick, a former member of Stand
for Children, recalled how she was blindsided by the group in 2009. In that
year, the Worcester Stand for Children leadership team had voted overwhelmingly
not to support proposed Massachusetts education reform measures designed to make
the state eligible for Race to the Top funding, a federal initiative that
offered what some believed to be "financial bribes" to cash-strapped states and
school districts.

To get funding, for example, state and school districts had to agree to increase
charter schools and tie teacher evaluations to student test scores.

According to Ms. O'Connell Novick, the Worcester leadership team voted no on the
reform measures, only for the president of the group to switch the vote to yes
at the state level.

Ms. O'Connell Novick said the Worcester team wrote to the Worcester legislative
delegation, reaffirming their no vote. As a result, she said, the Stand for
Children state leadership became outraged.

"They made it pretty clear that this was not an organization that was answering
to us," Ms. O'Connell Novick said.

Contact Clive McFarlane via email at cmcfarlane@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stand for Children, with a chapter in Massachusetts and in eight other
states, purports to be a grass-roots organization that promotes excellence in
public schools. At the moment, however, the organization is facing a lawsuit
from the Massachusetts Teachers Association, the statewide teachers union, which
says the group is working to undermine the state's new educator evaluation
system.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                               November 28, 2010

The Problem With Pink-Ribbon Drives

BYLINE: Caroline Bermudez

SECTION: BOOKS; Community

LENGTH: 275  words

ABSTRACT

A medical sociologist says that pink-ribbon drives to promote attention to
breast cancer are not effective in combating the disease.

FULL TEXT

Pink Ribbon Blues: How Breast Cancer Culture Undermines Women's Health

By Gayle A. Sulik

Gayle A. Sulik, a medical sociologist, says that pink-ribbon drives to promote
attention to breast cancer are not effective in combating the disease, but
instead divert attention way from the fact that the ailment is a public-health
concern.

Based on eight years of observations, analysis of breast-cancer advertisements
and awareness campaigns, and interviews with hundreds of breast-cancer experts,
Ms. Sulik concludes that for all the coverage breast cancer receives, a cure
still remains elusive and jumps in survival rates have been modest at best.

She is particularly critical of the charity Susan G. Komen for the Cure, which
organizes walks and races that draw thousands of participants.

Ms. Sulik writes that the organization is responsible for helping to create the
image of breast-cancer advocacy as a single, united movement and marginalizes
the work of community groups. She also criticizes the organization for accepting
certain types of corporate support-especially from drug companies. Ms. Sulik
writes, "In addition to promoting good will, public relations, and charitable
tax deductions, the branding of breast cancer maintains the status of breast
cancer as a social problem, encourages pink consumption, and sustains the brand,
its audience, and its primary associations."

Oxford University Press, 198 Madison Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10016;
http://www.oup.com; 402 pages; $29.95; ISBN 978-0-19-974045-1.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

New hero of 'tea party' faces scrutiny

BYLINE: Sandhya Somashekharand Perry Bacon Jr.

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 1544 words


WILMINGTON, Del. - In her opening remarks during a debate that came just two
days after her stunning victory in this state's Republican primary for Senate,
Christine O'Donnell acknowledged what had already become apparent.

"There's no secret," she said, "that there's been a rather unflattering portrait
of me painted these days." But, she went on, "as we approach the general
election this next month and a half, it is my goal for you to find out who I
am."

Who O'Donnell is has suddenly become one of the most important questions in
politics, as leaders in both parties try to figure out whether she is the fresh
face of a burgeoning movement or a fringe figure who will soon fade.

She has been introduced to the country through a dribble of unearthed video
footage of her comments on Christian morality. In one widely circulated clip
from a 1996 MTV documentary, she decried masturbation on religious grounds. In
another previously unreleased clip from 1999, she laughingly told a television
audience that she'd once "dabbled into witchcraft" and unknowingly had a picnic
on what she called a Satanic altar.

On Saturday, O'Donnell canceled two appearances she had agreed to make on the
Sunday morning talk shows, saying she would make local campaign stops in
Delaware instead.

While her come-from-nowhere victory undoubtedly catapulted the "tea party"
movement forward, it has also brought a new and intense level of scrutiny that
has the potential to damage it.

Even as many tea party activists praise her victory, strange stories about
O'Donnell emerge daily. Some of her financial troubles could counter the tea
party's message of fiscal and personal responsibility. And her wide-ranging
comments on sex could marginalize a movement that has tried hard in recent
months to portray itself as a cross-section of America.

Democrats immediately seized upon O'Donnell as emblematic of what they say is an
untested and fringe element that is taking over the Republican Party.

And among Republicans, her victory stoked the fear that has followed them all
year: that there will be a backlash against the tea party that could dampen
support for their candidates and cost them a shot at taking over Congress.

Most of the GOP establishment has lined up behind her. And to her most avid
supporters, O'Donnell's personal problems have humanized her and helped
establish her as a symbol of the power of voters over an establishment that has
become too accustomed to anointing candidates.

"I'm the everyman and she's the everywoman," said Bill Colley, a conservative
radio talk show host in Delaware who backs her candidacy. "All of the
allegations that the Republican Party establishment have heaped on her have only
made us rush to her defense."

For her opponent, Democrat Chris Coons, she could be a galvanizing force that
helps him turn out voters in November.

But at the debate, even some disgruntled Democrats who had planned to vote for
Rep. Michael N. Castle (R), whom O'Donnell defeated, said they were willing to
consider voting for her.

O'Donnell, 41, grew up in Moorestown, N.J., and attended Fairleigh Dickinson
University, though she did not earn her degree until this year. She is single
and has never held public office. She moved to Washington after college, working
short stints in communications at the Republican National Committee and the
Concerned Women of America.

She then started her own group, the Savior's Alliance for Lifting the Truth,
which still exists, according to her campaign filings. She started appearing on
television as a conservative pundit, usually speaking on moral issues and
particularly expressing her opposition to sex outside marriage.

Through her extensive media appearances in the 1990s, she expressed doubts about
evolution and criticized homosexuality. She also said, in a 1997 C-SPAN clip
unearthed by Talking Points Memo, that AIDS sufferers brought the disease on
themselves and that too much money is spent on prevention efforts.

O'Donnell has been ridiculed on liberal blogs for statements she has made about
sex, including the MTV appearance in which she referred to masturbation as
sinful. During Thursday's debate, O'Donnell said her views had matured. "I was
very excited and passionate about my newfound faith," she said about that period
in her life.

On Friday, Bill Maher, on whose "Politically Incorrect" show O'Donnell had
appeared in the 1990s, released the clip from 1999 of her talking about
witchcraft.

"I dabbled into witchcraft, but I never joined a coven," she said. "One of my
first dates with a witch was on a Satanic altar, and I didn't know it. I mean,
there's a little blood there and stuff like that . . . We went to a movie and
then, like, had a little midnight picnic on a Satanic altar."

Maher has promised to show a new clip every week until O'Donnell appears again
on his show.

In 2003, she joined a Wilmington-based group called the Intercollegiate Studies
Institute that produces journals and other material for Christian college
students. As the group's director of communications, she often railed against
co-ed bathrooms and what she viewed as increased sexual activity on college
campuses.

"What's next? Orgy rooms? Menage-a-trois rooms?" she told the Washington Times
that year.

O'Donnell was fired from the institute in 2004, and an official told the
Wilmington News-Journal at the time that the dismissal was because she had used
organization resources to run a for-profit business. Institute officials
declined to comment about O'Donnell in an interview Friday.

She filed a lawsuit against her former employer the next year, alleging gender
discrimination and seeking more than $7 million in damages. (She dropped the
suit in 2008, saying she could no longer afford her legal fees.)

She ran for the Senate in 2006, 2008 and again this year, but it's unclear how
she supported herself financially. In a disclosure form filed in July, O'Donnell
answered "no" to the question of whether any group has paid her more than $5,000
over the past year. She listed about $6,000 in income from two conservative
groups, neither of which could be reached for comment. She did not list any
assets or bank accounts.

According to a biography posted on her Web site Saturday, O'Donnell has served
as a marketing and media consultant to the Mel Gibson film "The Passion of The
Christ"; Natalia Tsarkova, the Vatican's first female portrait painter; and the
World Education and Development Fund, a charity that provides scholarships in
Latin America. In 2002, she was awarded a Lincoln Fellowship at the Claremont
Institute in California ; she  is listed on the program's Web site as an alumna.
A fellow in the program this year is conservative activist Andrew Breitbart.

The IRS placed a lien against her earlier this year, saying she owed nearly
$12,000 in unpaid taxes from 2005; O'Donnell has said it was a mistake by the
IRS. Fairleigh Dickinson has sued her repeatedly to collect almost $5,000 of
unpaid tuition, and two years ago, her mortgage company sued her for not paying
rent. All of these matters appear to have been resolved, however, as she has
sold the house and paid back the tuition. The lien has also been lifted.

O'Donnell had long said she was a graduate of Fairleigh Dickinson, but she did
not receive her degree until this month. While she says on her Web site that the
delay was a result of the unpaid tuition, a campaign official told Politico
earlier this month that she did not complete her coursework until this summer.

She told the News-Journal earlier this year that she lived in a townhouse that
doubled as her campaign office, and that she paid part of her rent with campaign
funds. On her Web site, however, she said she lives elsewhere and keeps her
address private for security reasons. "During my 2008 campaign, both my home and
campaign office were vandalized, broken into, and files were stolen," the Web
site states. "Threatening messages were left and nasty names were scrawled
across my front door and porch."

On Friday morning, there was no sign to distinguish the beige townhouse as a
campaign office. When a reporter rang the doorbell, a woman in a "Christine
2010" T-shirt emerged and said  the leasing company requested that members of
the media be asked to leave the neighborhood.

The nonpartisan Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington says it
will file a complaint with the Federal Elections Commission and ask  the U.S.
attorney in Delaware to investigate whether she used campaign funds for personal
expenses.

Since her Tuesday victory, O'Donnell has raised nearly $1.8 million, according
to her Web site.

At the Values Voter summit in Washington on Friday, O'Donnell was greeted as a
conquering hero and was defiant about what she expects to face this fall.

"Will they attack us? Yes. Will they smear our backgrounds and distort our
records? Undoubtedly," she told the crowd. "Will they lie about us, harass our
families, name-call and try to intimidate us? They will. There's nothing safe
about it. But is it worth it? I say yes, yes, a thousand times yes. This is no
moment for the faint of heart."

sandhya@washpost.com

baconp@washpost.com

Alice Crites and Amy Gardner contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             July 29, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Hagel: Revive 2002 peace proposal

BYLINE: DON WALTON, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


U.S. should engage Iran and Syria in efforts to establish an overall Middle East
settlement, says Nebraska senator.

Sen. Chuck Hagel proposed Friday that the United States re-engage in a Middle
East peace process and talk directly with Iran and Syria.

Revival of a 2002 Arab League proposal recognizing Israel's right to exist in
exchange for a negotiated two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
would be a place to begin, Hagel said.

"Crisis diplomacy is no substitute for sustained, day-to-day engagement," he
said.

The United States will remain committed to defending Israel, Hagel said, but
that enduring relationship "need not and cannot be at the expense of our Arab
and Muslim relationships."

"It is in Israel's interest, as much as ours, that the United States be seen by
all states in the Middle East as fair," Nebraska's Republican senator told a
Brookings Institution forum in Washington.

Isolation of the United States and Israel in the Middle East, and
internationally, would "marginalize America's global leadership, trust and
influence," Hagel said.

The 2002 Arab League plan, proposed by King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia and known
as the Beirut Declaration, should be revived in some version as "a starting
point" with U.S. engagement, he said.

"We need a new Beirut Declaration-type initiative. We squandered the last one."

Israel rejected the original Arab proposal that would require Israel to withdraw
from all occupied territories, return to its 1967 borders and agree to the
establishment of the new Palestinian state's capital in East Jerusalem in
exchange for full recognition by all Arab states.

The Saudi royal court warned Israel this week that its 2002 proposal may be
withdrawn, The New York Times reported Friday.

"If the peace option is rejected due to the Israeli arrogance," the court said,
"then only the war option remains and no one knows the repercussions befalling
the region, including wars and conflict that will spare no one, including those
whose military power is now tempting them to play with fire."

In a telephone interview following his speech, Hagel said the United States is
"isolating itself in the world (by) not calling for a cease-fire to stop the
violence" in Lebanon.

"The systematic destruction of Lebanon is uncalled for, and we're all going to
pay a high price for this," he said. "This has to stop."

Israel's continuing military assault in Lebanon in retaliation for the
kidnapping of two Israeli soldiers by Hezbollah has resulted in hundreds of
civilian deaths and destroyed much of the infrastructure in the southern part of
the country.

In terms of seeking an overall Middle East settlement, the 2002 Beirut
Declaration is imperfect, Hagel acknowledged, but it represents an important
Arab initiative that could serve as the basis for negotiation.

Hagel, a member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, told the Brookings
audience the United States should not continue to refuse to engage Iran and
Syria.

"America's approach to Syria and Iran is inextricably tied to Middle East
peace," he said.

"As we work with our friends and allies to deny Syria and Iran any opportunity
to further corrode the situation in Lebanon and the Palestinian territories,
both Damascus and Tehran must hear from America directly."

Israel has the undeniable right to defend itself from aggression by Hezbollah
and Hamas, Hagel said.

But, he warned, "extended military action will tear apart Lebanon, destroy its
economy and infrastructure, create a humanitarian disaster, further weaken
Lebanon's fragile democratic government, strengthen popular Muslim and Arab
support for Hezbollah, and deepen hatred of Israel across the Middle East."

Hagel urged President Bush to name a personal envoy to lead sustained U.S.
engagement in a diplomatic effort to end the current conflict, secure the
Israel-Lebanon border and invigorate "the political track" toward a Middle East
settlement.

"A robust international force deployed along the Israel-Lebanon border will be
required to facilitate a steady deployment of a strengthened Lebanese army into
southern Lebanon to eventually assume responsibility for security and the rule
of law," Hagel said.

Meanwhile, Sen. Ben Nelson, also in Washington, issued a statement urging the
European Union to place Hezbollah on its outlaw list of terrorist organizations.

Hezbollah's continuing rocket attacks on Israel are "fundamentally attacks on
the peace process," the Nebraska Democrat said.

Nelson said he supports placing an international stabilization force in southern
Lebanon.

Reach Don Walton at 473-7248 or at dwalton@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Chuck Hagel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             January 3, 2005 Monday

The New Majority Rules

BYLINE: WILLIAM F. HAMMOND JR.

SECTION: EDITORIAL & OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1007 words


Even as the top leaders of the state Legislature consider loosening their iron
grip on the Capitol, and letting rank-and-file lawmakers play a greater role in
decision-making, their counterparts at Washington are doing just the opposite.
House Speaker Dennis Hastert recently let it be known that he will not allow
major bills to come to a vote unless most of his GOP members support them.

A "majority of the majority," representing little more than one-quarter of the
House membership, would effectively wield a veto over legislation. This informal
rule further marginalizes minority Democrats and diminishes the clout of
bipartisan coalitions.

Meanwhile, members of the Senate GOP agreed to give their majority leader,
Senator Frist, the unilateral authority to fill certain vacancies on the most
powerful committees - seats that Republicans had previously awarded on the basis
of seniority. This enables Dr. Frist to enforce party discipline by rewarding
loyalists and punishing mavericks.

These are precisely the sort of policies that New York State lawmakers are now
rethinking, under pressure from voters and civic groups.

One should not conclude, however, that Washington is morphing into another
Albany. Congress has a long way to go to match the autocracy of the state
Legislature. If anything, the changes under way at the nation's Capitol help to
highlight how far Albany has veered outside the mainstream of American
governance.

Mr. Hastert's "majority of the majority" rule, for example, is nothing new at
the state Capitol. In fact, the Assembly and Senate take the principle a step
further: The speaker of the Assembly and the majority leader of the Senate
rarely bring a bill to the floor unless they have enough yes votes from their
own party members to guarantee final passage - that is, 76 of the 104 Democrats
in the Assembly, and 33 of 35 Republicans in the Senate. As a result, the
opposition of 29 Assembly Democrats or three Senate Republicans is enough to
impede legislation.

As a practical matter, however, the votes of just two legislators - the Assembly
speaker and the Senate majority leader - trump all the others. If the leaders
don't bring a bill up in their respective party conferences, it won't go to the
floor for a vote no matter how many other legislators favor it.

A bill known as "Timothy's law," which would require health plans to provider
broader coverage for mental health services, has repeatedly passed the Assembly
and has overwhelming bipartisan support in the Senate. Yet Majority Leader
Joseph Bruno has refused to allow a vote on the Assembly version. Instead, he
put forward an alternative bill that passed the Senate but not the Assembly.

The new prerogative acquired by Dr. Frist, to fill certain committee seats
without regard to seniority, also seems quaint by Albany standards.

In the state Legislature, the speaker and the majority leader not only control
all committee assignments, they also unilaterally pick the chair of each panel
and reserve the right to rescind those appointments on a moment's notice. In
2000, when a group of Democrats moved to oust Sheldon Silver of Manhattan as
speaker, Mr. Silver's first move was to strip the rebels of their chairmanships.
Keep in mind that leadership posts in the state Legislature come with stipends
worth, in some cases, tens of thousands of dollars. Legislative leaders can
substantially reduce the income of members who don't toe the line.

It's little wonder, then, that committee meetings in Albany are largely
meaningless affairs. The chairmen do not bring up bills that the top leaders
oppose, and they usually spend no more than a minute or two discussing the
particulars of any piece of legislation before granting it routine approval.

As a result of these rules and traditions, the legislative leaders and governor
- the so-called the "three men in a room" - privately negotiate deals on the
budget and other major legislation, and the rest of the Legislature generally
acts as a rubber stamp. There is so little suspense about the outcome of any
given vote that many members wander out of the chamber rather than sit still for
the largely perfunctory, symbolic debates.

In Washington, by contrast, committee chairmen are elected by their colleagues
to fixed terms, and as a result enjoy a measure of independence and clout of
their own. Committee positions don't come with extra pay, but seats on the most
important panels carry considerable clout. This is why lawmakers care so much
about holding the seats that Dr. Frist now has the ability to fill. And
notwithstanding Mr. Hastert's new effort to assert majority control, bipartisan
coalitions are still a major force in congressional deliberations, adding zest
and suspense to floor fights on major legislation.

Albany politicians used to justify their top down system on the basis of
efficiency, arguing that strong leadership was necessary to corral the competing
interests of 212 legislators representing the far-flung districts of a
heterogeneous state. It's hard to make that argument now, after 20 years in a
row of late budgets and repeated failures to compromise on the most pressing
issues facing the state.

In response to criticism from civic groups - and, more importantly, the defeat
of several incumbents in recent legislative elections - Albany leaders are
promising to turn a new leaf. Just how far they are willing to go with reform
should become clear next week, when the two houses of the Legislature formally
adopt rules for their new session.

The proposals under consideration would give rank-and-file legislators,
including those from minority parties, more opportunities to force votes and
hearings on bills with broad support. One proposal calls for allowing committee
chairmen to hire their own staff, instead of using aides selected for them by
the central leadership. So far, however, no one is pushing for committee
chairmen to be elected rather than appointed. And until that happens, Albany
will not approach the level of democracy that prevails at Washington.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     MARCH 7, 2001 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

NAPSTER ORDERED TO BAR ACCESS TO LISTED SONG TITLES

BYLINE: Reid Kanaley INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1080 words


Napster Inc.'s future became even more bleak yesterday when a federal judge
ordered the company to stop letting millions of users trade copyrighted songs
for free over the Internet.

Under the injunction by U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel, Napster's online
song-swapping service can stay open, but it must rigorously block users from
trading any copyrighted song whose title and other identifying information is
supplied to Napster by a record label.

"If it doesn't kill it completely, it definitely marginalizes it," said Nicholas
Economides, an expert on the Internet and economics at New York University.

Economides predicted that the ruling would drive even more Napster users to
other music-sharing services, such as the decentralized network called Gnutella,
which could be much harder to shut down than Napster.

Napster was hit on another legal front yesterday when the National Academy of
Recording Arts & Sciences, the producer of the Grammy Awards, filed a
copyright-infringement suit. The organization contended that Napster facilitated
illegal trading of music files from the awards show, including rap star Eminem's
duet with Elton John.

As Napster's legal troubles have mounted, Web sites and software that provide
similar song-trading capabilities - usually for free - have been reporting heavy
traffic.

Napster claimed a small victory in the ruling, because it said the company and
the recording industry share the burden of compliance with the injunction. But
the industry, seeing victory in its 15-month battle against Napster, vowed to
supply song titles and related information to Napster in great quantity.

"We intend to provide the notifications prescribed by the court expeditiously,
and look forward to the end of Napster's infringing activity," Hilary Rosen,
president and chief executive officer of the Recording Industry Association of
America, said in a statement.

Hank Barry, Napster's chief executive officer, promised that, under terms of the
injunction, "we will take every step within the limits of our system" to exclude
copyrighted material. He also vowed to press the case in court and to seek a
mediated resolution with the recording industry.

Napster's software allows anyone using the Internet to trade audio files in the
MP3 computer format. The service was created in 1999 by a college student, Shawn
Fanning.

Napster was so effective and easy to use that it soon clogged university
computer networks and horrified the recording industry, whose leading players
filed suit to stop it, claiming that Napster was cheating artists and labels out
of royalties. Plaintiffs in the case include major record labels, the heavy
metal band Metallica, and rapper Dr. Dre.

Napster, whose user list has grown to 66 million, has said it intends to offer a
subscription-based service by summer that will pay royalties for downloads. But
of the major labels, only German media conglomerate Bertelsmann AG has agreed to
be part of that proposed service.

According to the injunction, once it has received notice of a copyrighted song
file on Napster, the service will have three days to begin blocking it.

Napster's song-blocking task, however, may be fraught with technical
difficulties. A self-imposed filtering system that Napster began using on a
limited basis this week appeared to be easily thwarted by users who devised a
variety of schemes for jiggering the names of song titles and artists.

"So far, it doesn't seem to be that effective," said Malcolm Maclachlan, an
analyst at the research firm International Data Corp. "It raises the question as
to whether Napster is liable for clever behavior by its users."

The California company has until next week to report on its compliance with the
order. It has also sought to have its case heard by a panel of 11 federal
appeals court judges.

The injunction had been expected since Friday, when Patel held a hearing on the
matter in her San Francisco courtroom. Her injunction order, dated Monday, was
posted on a court Web site yesterday.

Fans and detractors posted messages on the company's Web site yesterday to
comment on the legal action.

Free online music sharing "is here to stay," someone identified only as
Headidiot wrote. "Because of that simple fact, the millions of people on the
Internet aren't going to stop trading music because of Napster's woes."

Another writer said supporters of the service who claimed that it had not
catered to music pirates were wrong. "You also know . . . well that 99 percent
of Napster owners are using it to copy copyrighted material without the owners'
permission. Napster tried this same lame argument and failed," the writer said.

Napster's days are numbered, said Jorge Gonzalez, whose zeropoid.com site
monitors developments in the music-download arena. But alternatives are going to
thrive, Gonzalez said.

"OpenNap is still alive and running," he said. "Other servers are popping up
outside the U.S. They're popping up every day, and that technology is continuing
to grow."

Reid Kanaley's e-mail address is reid.kanaley@phillynews.com.

This article contains information from the Associated Press and Reuters.

Napster Alternatives

There are scores of alternatives to Napster for finding and sharing music files
over the Internet. Here are some of the popular ones:

* Gnutella: Allows file sharing among computers without the need for a
Napster-like central server. Early versions of the software were deemed
geek-oriented. It works for movie clips and other files in addition to MP3
audio.

http://gnutella.wego.com

* BearShare: An alternative (and some say much simpler) software for using the
Gnutella system.

http://bearshare.com

* iMesh: One of the most-downloaded Napster-like alternatives. Like the Gnutella
alternatives, it can be set up to seek and share files other than MP3s.

http://www.imesh.com

* Audiogalaxy Satellite: A server-based MP3 sharing system like Napster. Added
features are meant to streamline the download process. For example, if a
download is interrupted, the software searches for another source of the same
song and resumes the download.

http://audiogalaxy.com/satellite

* Napigator: Another Napster-like system, but in this case the OpenNap servers
are operated by volunteers, not a single company, and thus harder to shut down.

http://napigator.com

* Aimster: Adds file-sharing capabilities and access to the Gnutella network to
AOL Instant Messenger.

http://aimster.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 22, 2007 Monday

Cole: Address code: Respect people with disabilities

BYLINE: Harriette Cole ADVICE

SECTION: ADVICE; Features; Entertainment

LENGTH: 459 words


Dear Harriette: You recently addressed a question about helping a person with a
disability. I feel the response was good, but my concern with the article was
the way people with disabilities were addressed.

A person is not handicapped, nor disabled; they have a disability. For instance:
My daughter is not my disabled daughter; she is my daughter first and, secondly,
she has a disability. It is imperative we use person-first language. When I
introduce her, I don't say, ''This is my disabled daughter.'' I introduce her as
my daughter. We need to show respect for all people with disabilities. Thanks
for listening, and keep up the good work.

- Joy, New York

Dear Joy: Thank you so much for the clarification. The last thing I intended was
to marginalize people with disabilities in any way. My intention was to
acknowledge that people with disabilities are, indeed, people. They may need
and/or appreciate support from others when they are facing challenges - or not.
Paying attention to the moment and pausing before acting is wise for any
able-bodied person who may be considering jumping in to offer support.

Your note is important, as even people who are making an effort to be
conscientious can express their understanding naively. Such was the case with
me. Yes, people are people. There's a wonderful book called Of Water and the
Spirit by Malidoma Some (Penguin Books/Arkana, 1994). In this book, Some talks
about how in his indigenous culture in Burkina Faso, West Africa, all people are
considered viable to the community, and people with disabilities are celebrated
as special. They are given the role of gatekeepers, between the villagers and
the spiritual world. Practically, they are invited to fill vital roles in the
community. Every single person is important.

Dear Harriette: Often when I go out with my boyfriend, he runs out of money. He
does pay for the first round of drinks or activity, but if we're going several
places, he invariably runs out. I always ask at the beginning if he has enough
money for what we've planned to do, and he shrugs it off. I want to be a team
with him, but he's acting too macho for me to let him know I want to
participate. If we start out with the same plan, there will be no need for
embarrassment. How can I express that to him?

- Marge, Queens, N.Y.

Dear Marge: Why not start by telling him exactly what you told me? You want to
be in a viable partnership with him, which means you want to plan your budget -
not just for the weekend but for your life together. Talk frankly about how
money dries up too fast, along with suggestions on how teamwork can help extend
its life in your life together.

---

* HARRIETTE COLE runs Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. E-mail her at
askharriette@harriettecole.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 28, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A Feminist Bible?

SECTION: Section 7; Page 32, Column 2; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 257 words


To the Editor:

I very much appreciate the positive tone in which Elaine H. Pagels reviewed my
new book, ''Womanguides: Readings Toward a Feminist Theology'' (April 7).
However, her review presents the book as feminist, separatist writing that calls
on religious feminists to construct a new faith that would discard the biblical
canons of the past. In fact, the book contains no such proposal. It calls for a
new collection of texts from women's experience that would provide a new
framework in which to read past religious texts.

In a sense, this means that the canons of the past lose their authority as
canons - that is, they no longer set the limits within which a tradition may
read its theology. But it doesn't at all mean that these past canons disappear
as historical bodies of texts on which we continue to draw for important themes,
even though we have come to recognize that these texts deeply marginalize and
erase the experience of women. A new framework from women's experience
supplements and expands the framework in which we read our tradition; it does
not erase that past tradition itself.

My recent book ''Sexism and God-Talk: Toward a Feminist Theology'' (1983) makes
clear that my openness to both universalism and feminism in no way abolishes the
particularity of my Christian historical context and commitment. ''Womanguides''
is little more than a collection of texts to be used with that book and
represents no fundamental change from the position taken there.

ROSEMARY RADFORD RUETHER

Evanston, Ill.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 26, 2016 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Weak Bench Is an Obstacle for Democrats

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1355 words


WASHINGTON -- Senate Democrats, aware of the dead weight that Donald J. Trump
has placed on their vulnerable Republican colleagues, can taste a reclaimed
majority.

But just as Senate Republicans blew their chances in 2010 and 2012 before
finally taking control in 2014, Democrats find themselves hobbled by
less-than-stellar candidates in races that could make the difference in winning
a majority.

In Pennsylvania, Katie McGinty, a relatively unknown former federal official who
has never held elective office, is ahead in polls but lags Hillary Clinton's
large lead in the state. In Florida, a nasty primary between two flawed
candidates could harm the Democrats' chance to unseat Senator Marco Rubio.

Several high-profile Democrats turned down the chance to challenge Senator
Richard Burr of North Carolina before they settled on a civil liberties lawyer,
Deborah Ross, who is not necessarily a good fit for suburban voters there.
Catherine Cortez Masto, a Democrat and former state attorney general now running
for an open seat in Nevada, has also failed to catch fire.

To challenge 82-year-old Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, Democrats settled
on 72-year-old Patty Judge. Senator Rob Portman's Democratic challenger in Ohio,
former Gov. Ted Strickland, is 75, an easy target for Mr. Portman's taunting
nickname, ''Retread Ted.''

The Democrats' problem stems from a depletion of their ranks in state
legislatures and governors' mansions over recent years and a lack of
institutional support for grass-roots-level politicians who represent a changing
base.

''Democrats cannibalize each other when they lose those seats and don't have new
talent to fill them,'' said Daniel A. Smith, a professor of political science at
the University of Florida. ''Here and in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin and North
Carolina are states that should have Democratic state-controlled legislatures,
and the fact that they don't not only marginalizes Democrats, but also makes it
increasingly hard to build a farm team.''

Republicans, of course, find themselves in a fundamental conflict between Mr.
Trump's populist insurgents and traditional conservatives. But Democrats are
mired in their own struggle, as they try to identify future stars who can appeal
to a base increasingly insistent on a progressive agenda.

Florida's Senate Democratic primary this Tuesday pits a bombastic, populist
liberal, Representative Alan Grayson, against the establishment's pick,
Representative Patrick Murphy, in the kind of showdown that analysts expect to
see in the party's future.

''Democrats are going to have their own Tea Party moment in 2018,'' said
Jennifer Duffy, a senior editor and Senate analyst for The Cook Political
Report. ''I don't think they are going to put up with the party dictating who
their candidates are.''

The issue was highlighted this year when Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont found
considerable success by running against the sort of incremental liberalism of
President Obama and Mrs. Clinton.

Mrs. Clinton followed that pattern with her selection of Senator Tim Kaine of
Virginia, who is to the right of many progressives, as her running mate.

While some up-and-coming Democrats like Senators Cory Booker of New Jersey and
Kirsten E. Gillibrand of New York had speaking spots at the party's convention
last month, none had the prominence of Mr. Obama in 2004, when he gave the
keynote speech that lifted him to national prominence.

''The bench is not apparent right now,'' said David Axelrod, the chief
strategist for Mr. Obama's presidential campaigns. ''There are some impressive
young leaders, but who among them is the next presidential nominee I can't
answer. A lot of them are not there yet.''

''Democrats have done a poor job, and I take my share of responsibility here, in
not being as focused as Republicans have on building at the grass roots,'' Mr.
Axelrod said. ''Look what the G.O.P. and their related agents have done with
legislative and City Council and school board races. They are building capacity,
and Democrats have paid the cost.''

Many promising young Democrats in the House have been frustrated by the
reluctance of Representative Nancy Pelosi, the minority leader, and her aging
deputies to step aside and let new members ascend to leadership -- one of the
few rewards for a minority party in the House. ''I was on the recruitment
committee, and a lot of candidates decided to take a pass,'' said Representative
Karen Bass, Democrat of California. She added, ''There are people who are new to
Congress and have a difficult situation because they are not going to be there
for 20 years.''

Some simply leave. ''I was one of the few Democrats not to support Nancy Pelosi
for leader,'' said Representative Gwen Graham, Democrat of Florida, who is
retiring after one term and planning to run for governor. ''We need new
voices.'' Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, once considered a
potential House speaker, is running for the Senate.

Democratic ranks have also been decimated in state governments across the
nation, where new leaders tend to plant roots for future higher office.

After the 2008 elections, Democrats controlled 62 of the 99 state legislatures;
today, Republicans control 68 chambers, according to Governing magazine. Over
the same time period, the number of Democrats in governor's mansions fell from
28 to 18. In both cases, Republican control is now at or near historic highs.

Democrats point out that they have strong leads in Senate races in Illinois,
Indiana and Wisconsin, and that most analysts believe the party is in a strong
position to retake the chamber. They also note that many of their candidates are
raising more money than their Republican rivals.

''Because of our recruitment work, Republicans are forced to spend money and
energy in states they never dreamed would be competitive,'' said Sadie Weiner, a
spokeswoman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.

Mrs. Clinton, some Democrats argue, is trying to make bench-building more of a
priority by coordinating closely with down-ballot races, carrying their campaign
literature when canvassing, sharing office space and helping them raise money.
These efforts are particularly forceful in Nevada, where Republicans hold a
narrow legislative majority, and in Colorado, where the legislature is closely
divided between the two parties.

''The organizing our volunteers and staff are doing in all 50 states will not
only help elect Democrats in November but also build the party's bench and
infrastructure for the future,'' said Lily Adams, a spokeswoman for the Clinton
campaign.

The rise of term limits in legislatures has hurt both parties' efforts to create
a ready pool of future senators and eventual presidential contenders. ''There is
a big bench out there,'' said Hannah Pingree, the former speaker of the Maine
House of Representatives, who lost her position to term limits and is now taking
a break to raise her children. ''Lots of women and young people get term-limited
out,'' she said.

Widely viewed as a rising star in her party -- her mother, Chellie Pingree, is a
member of Congress -- Ms. Pingree, 39, hopes to find her way back.

Democrats have also complained that the party has not worked hard enough to
promote an agenda that is appealing to the party's growing base of progressive
whites, nonwhites and millennials, fearing that such policies could turn off
older, more traditional Democratic voters.

Stacey Abrams, the minority leader of the Georgia General Assembly, called that
the ''fear that is inherent in transitions.'' She is considered one of the
party's brightest young stars, in no small part because she has unseated five
Republicans in the Georgia legislature.

''This is a party that is comprised of what is being referred to as the new
American majority,'' she said. ''Those are progressive whites, people of color
and millennials. We have to focus our politics on turning out those voters.''

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get
politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/us/politics/democrats-weak-bench-undermines-ho
pe-of-taking-back-senate.html

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Katie McGinty, a Senate candidate in Pennsylvania, has never
held elective office. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MARK MAKELA FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Catherine Cortez Masto is running for the Senate seat in Nevada being vacated by
Harry Reid, the minority leader. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOHN LOCHER/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
 Patrick Murphy, supported by establishment Democrats, is running against Alan
Grayson, a populist liberal, in Florida. (PHOTOGRAPH BY STEVE CANNON/ASSOCIATED
PRESS) (A13)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

The Hill's Pundits Blog: "Trump's UN attacks are dangerous to American foreign
policy"

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: Pace University  has issued the following news release:



  Bashing the United Nations is a popular sport for politicians, presenting a
quick way to appear tough, writes Matthew Bolton, Ph.D., associate chairman of
political science at Pace University in New York City. Many American leaders--on
both the left and right--dabble in nationalist rhetoric, posing as unconstrained
by global norms and institutions. Usually, however, the bipartisan consensus
holds firm, as policymakers understand how crucial the U.N. is to American
national security and foreign policy priorities.





 The Trump administration has escalated the bombastic anti-U.N. fringe to new
levels. As president-elect, Trump tweeted that the U.N. "is just a club for
people to get together, talk and have a good time." New U.N. ambassador Nikki
Haley introduced herself to the diplomatic community by vowing to "show our
strength" by "taking names" of those "that don't have our back." Leaked draft
executive orders--though currently on hold--seek to slash U.S. funding to the
U.N., marginalize other international organizations, and withdraw the United
States from certain multilateral treaties.



 If the Trump regime follows through on these threats, it will seriously damage
American credibility and capacity. The U.N. is crucial for resolving complex
transnational problems, ranging from the refugee crisis to nuclear proliferation
and global pandemics like Zika. The U.N. enables international peace and
security by providing a forum for communication between states. It helps the
United States stabilize insecure regions through the legitimating and
cost-sharing systems of peacekeeping, conflict resolution and counter-terrorism
cooperation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

A-10 Announces Championships to Remain on NC Campuses

LENGTH: 433  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: Davidson College has issued the following news release:
 In a letter to the Davidson community, President Carol Quillen shared today's
news that the Atlantic 10 athletic conference championships scheduled for member
campuses will go on as planned:





 To the Davidson College Community:



 Carol Quillen



 The recent announcements by the NCAA and the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC)
have renewed conversation about the North Carolina state law known as HB2. To be
absolutely clear: Davidson does not discriminate on the basis of sexual
orientation or gender identity. We seek to create an inclusive and welcoming
community that respects all people. Our non-discrimination policy and statements
on HB2 are posted on the Davidson College website.



 While Davidson is not directly subject to the provisions of HB2, we are deeply
affected by it. This divisive, hastily crafted law explicitly marginalizes the
LGBTQ community and then prevents local governments from rectifying this
injustice. More than ever, we at Davidson must work together for fairness,
inclusion, and equal opportunity for all.



 Over the past few months, several major athletic organizations have acted to
demonstrate their commitment to inclusion. The NBA and the NCAA moved
championship games out of North Carolina, and the ACC will relocate conference
championships that would have been played in North Carolina at neutral venues
(venues not on an ACC member campus). Davidson applauds the NCAA and the ACC for
taking these steps. ACC championships scheduled to take place on ACC member
campuses in North Carolina will go on as planned.



 As many of you know, Davidson is scheduled to host the Atlantic 10 (A-10)
Conference Men's Soccer Championship in November on our campus. Like the NCAA
and the ACC, the A-10 has made known its strong commitment to fairness and
inclusion. In a decision that aligns with that of the ACC, the A-10 affirmed
that championships scheduled on member campuses should go on as planned. The
A-10 Conference Men's Soccer Championship will therefore take place at Davidson
on November 10-13. We are grateful for the opportunity to host the
championship-which rotates among A-10 campuses-and we hope the event will show
our A-10 colleagues that, like many other North Carolina campuses, Davidson
works to build a truly inclusive community where equal opportunity for all is
real.



 Thank you for your commitment to Davidson and to building a more humane, more
just future in North Carolina.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.info

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            August 17, 2012, Friday

Our views;
We will ship some coal and growth to India;
As for the environment, coal is burned more cleanly in the U.S.

BYLINE: Dmedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 248 words


AS Vice President Joe Biden told a supporter in the 2008 campaign, "No coal
plants here in America. Build them, if they're going to build them, over there."

Biden was referring to China, but India's economy is growing, too.

And so it has come to pass.

Officials in Kentucky and West Virginia announced Wednesday a $7 billion deal
with the Abhijeet Group that will result in the shipment of 9 million tons of
Appalachian coal a year to India for 25 years.

The abundant, affordable domestic energy source the Obama administration has so
recklessly devalued will benefit India instead.

The administration has the result it wanted.

On the ground that coal contributes to manmade global warming, the
administration used regulatory power to marginalize the use of the fuel here,
where sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions have been regulated for 30
years.

The upshot is that it will be burned in India, which has no such restrictions.

Net result for the globe? Greater emissions from India, and a less competitive
industrial environment in the United States.

So much for sensible policy.

But coal companies are adapting to this not-in-America policy.

In 2007, West Virginia exported $910 million worth of coal. In 2008, the state
exported coal valued at $2.2 billion.

In the first six months of this year, West Virginia exported $3.83 billion worth
of coal.

That coal will make energy less expensive overseas, while the United States
pursues more expensive, less reliable ways to produce electricity here.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            July 18, 2007 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

THE NATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 586 words


Administration reverses stance on green cards

WASHINGTON - The government did an about-face Tuesday and announced it is
accepting applications for green cards filed by skilled immigrant workers.

Citizenship and Immigration Services, a division of the Homeland Security
Department, said in a news release that it will accept the applications through
Aug. 17. Applications already filed, which the agency planned to reject, also
will be accepted.

Every month the State Department announces how many visa numbers are available,
which immigrants need to get in line for green cards or visas to enter the U.S.

In June, the State Department said all eligible skilled workers could submit
applications to become legal residents. But on July 2, it said the 60,000
available visa numbers were no longer available because Citizenship and
Immigration Services had suddenly reduced its backlog of green card
applications.

Report criticizes anti-gang laws

LOS ANGELES - Anti-gang legislation and police crackdowns are failing so badly
that they are strengthening the criminal organizations and making U.S. cities
more dangerous, according to a report being released today.

Mass arrests, stiff prison sentences often served with other gang members and
other strategies that focus on law enforcement rather than intervention actually
strengthen gang ties and further marginalize angry young men, according to the
Justice Policy Institute, a Washington, D.C., think tank that advocates
alternatives to incarceration.

Slain man had gun in Capitol

DENVER - A 32-year-old man who declared himself "the emperor" before being shot
to death by a state trooper outside the governor's Capitol office was carrying a
loaded .357 handgun, authorities said Tuesday.

Aaron Snyder had been escorted out of Gov. Bill Ritter's office Monday when he
pulled back his coat to reveal the gun and moved toward a state trooper, Denver
Police Chief Gerry Whitman said. Mr. Snyder didn't draw the weapon but ignored
two warnings that the trooper would fire if he did not stop.

In other news

PRESIDENT BUSH PRESENTED the Congressional Gold Medal on Tuesday to agriculture
scientist Norman Borlaug, whose work on high-yield, disease-resistant varieties
of wheat is credited with starting the "Green revolution" and alleviating
starvation in India and Pakistan in the 1960s.

MILITARY AND CIVILIAN AUTHORITIES have charged an HIV-positive soldier in North
Carolina with assault with a deadly weapon, accusing him of having unprotected
sex with a partner whom he didn't tell about the infection. Military and
civilian prosecutors have not decided who will prosecute the case against Pfc.
Johnny Lamar Dalton, said Maj. Tom Earnhardt, a spokesman for the 82nd Airborne
Division at Fort Bragg, N.C.

FORMER WHITE HOUSE AIDE Harriet Miers will continue to refuse to appear before a
House committee, her lawyer said Tuesday despite Democrats' threats to hold her
in contempt.

A 500-POUND MAN injured while tubing down a shallow stretch of the St. Croix
River was pulled to safety Tuesday by dozens of rescue workers who spent hours
carrying him to a navigable part of the waterway. Martin Rike, 39, of Pine City,
Minn., was treated for chest pain Tuesday morning and discharged in the
afternoon, his mother said.

A FORMER MEXICAN POLICE commander now believed to be a high-ranking member of a
cocaine cartel was nabbed after a U.S. drug agent happened to spot him in a
McAllen, Texas, supermarket buying a watermelon, authorities said Tuesday.

- Edited from wire reports by Adam R. Smith

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

FRANK Talks: Race and Movies ~ Chandler

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Arizona State Library  has issued the following house bill details



 August 20, 2016 - 2:00pm to 3:30pm

 Location

 Chandler Hamilton Library

 Hosted By

 Library Development

 Intended Audience

 Everyone

 + Add to calendar

 No registration required.





 Free, thought-provoking, expert-facilitated discussions on important issues
facing our communities produced in partnership with Arizona Humanities and the
Arizona State Library, Archives & Public Records.



 You Mean, There's RACE in My Movie?



 August 20 @ 2:00 pm - 3:30 pm



 Dr. Frederick Gooding, Jr., Northern Arizona University, Assistant Professor,
Ethnic Studies



 Everybody loves the movies. But Hollywood is divided when it comes to race. The
faces on screen do not necessarily reflect the faces in the audience, and the
selection and depiction of characters is different for different races. Does
Hollywood marginalize minority characters at the expense of glamorized white
characters?  How can we spot discriminatory patterns in mainstream media? Learn
how to identify six primary character patterns occupied by both minority and
white characters. Join us for a FRANK Talk about movies and race.



 What are FRANK Talks?



 FRANK Talks are face-to-face conversations on ideas that matter. Attendees
discuss issues of local and national importance in local libraries at a
single-session 75-minute program, led by a humanities scholar/expert on the
topic. FRANK Talks engage participants with important issues and provide the
opportunity to put them in context, weigh facts, and consider different points
of view. The goal of FRANK Talks is to inspire people to practice the skills of
citizenship  - to listen respectfully and engage thoughtfully with one another
on important issues that affect our communities. Topics can include: education,
immigration, religion, civil rights, veterans and more.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

FRANK Talks: Race and Movies ~ Chandler

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Northern Arizona University, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 August 20, 2016 - 2:00pm to 3:30pm

 Location

 Chandler Hamilton Library

 Hosted By

 Library Development

 Intended Audience

 Everyone

 + Add to calendar

 No registration required.





 Free, thought-provoking, expert-facilitated discussions on important issues
facing our communities produced in partnership with Arizona Humanities and the
Arizona State Library, Archives & Public Records.



 You Mean, There's RACE in My Movie?



 August 20 @ 2:00 pm - 3:30 pm



 Dr. Frederick Gooding, Jr., Northern Arizona University, Assistant Professor,
Ethnic Studies



 Everybody loves the movies. But Hollywood is divided when it comes to race. The
faces on screen do not necessarily reflect the faces in the audience, and the
selection and depiction of characters is different for different races. Does
Hollywood marginalize minority characters at the expense of glamorized white
characters?  How can we spot discriminatory patterns in mainstream media? Learn
how to identify six primary character patterns occupied by both minority and
white characters. Join us for a FRANK Talk about movies and race.



 What are FRANK Talks?



 FRANK Talks are face-to-face conversations on ideas that matter. Attendees
discuss issues of local and national importance in local libraries at a
single-session 75-minute program, led by a humanities scholar/expert on the
topic. FRANK Talks engage participants with important issues and provide the
opportunity to put them in context, weigh facts, and consider different points
of view. The goal of FRANK Talks is to inspire people to practice the skills of
citizenship  - to listen respectfully and engage thoughtfully with one another
on important issues that affect our communities. Topics can include: education,
immigration, religion, civil rights, veterans and more.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com  Phoenix: Northern Arizona University, The
State of Arizona has issued the following news release:







LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 24, 2014 Monday
                             First Replate Edition

Candidates line up for state superintendent;
School chief: Race is on

BYLINE: Maureen Downey; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 682 words


State School Superintendent John Barge owes his victory four years ago to the
decision by his GOP predecessor Kathy Cox to give up almost certain re-election
for a think tank job in Washington, throwing open the Republican field to
virtual unknowns.

Now, Barge is returning the favor --- if winning the job of leading an embattled
state agency can be considered a coup. In an act that many deem political
suicide, Barge is challenging Gov. Nathan Deal, who's become an adversary rather
than an ally and has done his best to marginalize the state Department of
Education.

Everyone understood the friction between Gov. Roy Barnes and Superintendent
Linda Schrenko. He was a Democrat. She was a Republican. (And there was that
messy matter later of her conviction and prison sentence for embezzling federal
funds meant for deaf children and using some of the money for a face-lift.)

What's more surprising are the growing gulfs between Republican governors and
superintendents. It began with Cox and Sonny Perdue --- who, by the end of his
tenure as governor, proposed making the state school superintendent an appointed
position.

Under Barge and Deal, the fissure widened to a chasm as a mutual wariness
hardened into overt hostility once the school chief condemned the 2012 charter
school amendment as a diversion of much-needed monies for struggling public
schools.

Money has been the root of tensions between Georgia GOP superintendents and
governors. Once elected, the superintendents confront the devastating impact of
state budget cuts on schools, from rural districts that can't afford music
teachers to suburban districts shoehorning 33 students into a science lab.

And they become more outspoken in their criticisms, which is never welcomed by
the governors writing those budgets.

As was Barge in 2010, most of the 15 candidates for his job --- nine Republicans
and six Democrats --- are unknowns. With the primary May 20, those candidates
have eight weeks to introduce themselves to voters and leave a lasting
impression.

One question being raised is why big-name metro superintendents --- Alvin
Wilbanks of Gwinnett and Will Schofield of Hall have been mentioned --- didn't
run. It may be the state school chief job represents a step down in salary for
them, or they may not relish the diminished stature of the DOE that's resulted
from the Barge-Deal friction.

One district superintendent has jumped into the GOP primary race: Quitman
County's Allen Fort. While Fort leads a small southwest Georgia system, he's
been a school improvement specialist with DOE and principal of schools across
the state.

In fundraising, Fort and the other Republican hopefuls face a formidable
opponent in Fitz Johnson, a retired U.S. Army veteran and former defense
contractor who owned the Atlanta Beat professional women's soccer team.

On the Democratic side, state Rep. Alisha Thomas Morgan, D-Austell, enjoys the
widest statewide profile and has made education her legislative focus. She lost
some support from the Democratic establishment for her embrace of the 2012
charter school amendment, but voters overwhelmingly supported the constitutional
amendment.

The Democrats have recruited a notable counterweight to Morgan in Valarie
Wilson, former president of the Georgia School Boards Association and ex-Decatur
city schools board member.

The other GOP candidates are Peachtree City college professor Mary Kay Bacallao;
attorney and former Hall County Commissioner Ashley Bell of Gainesville; Michael
L. "Mike" Buck of Rome, former school administrator and acting chief of staff
for Barge; former educator and PTA leader Sharyl Dawes of Johns Creek; former
DeKalb County school board member Nancy Jester of Dunwoody; academic coach Kira
Willis of Roswell, who ran in 2010 as a Libertarian, and Tifton educator Richard
L. Woods, who ran in the 2010 GOP primary.

The other Democrats in the race are Atlanta instructional coach Tarnisha Dent;
consultant Marion Spencer "Denise" Freeman of Wilkes County; educator Jurita
Forehand Mays of DeKalb, and Lithonia teacher Rita Robinzine, who ran for the
House in 2008.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              April 9, 2007 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

The Man To Confront Iran

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; EDITORIALS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 580 words


Diplomacy: The U.N.'s weak response to Iran's hostage-taking has many hawks
wishing our interests were still under former ambassador John Bolton's
stewardship. But his replacement may be better suited to deal with Iran.

A Senate panel has approved Zalmay M. Khalilzad, former ambassador to Iraq and
Afghanistan, to be the new U.S. envoy to the United Nations, and an easy
confirmation is expected in the full Senate.

It couldn't come at a better time. The U.N. has dealt meekly with Iran over its
secret nuclear weapons program and most recently over its kidnapping of British
sailors. The kid-glove treatment has only emboldened Tehran.

Khalilzad is an agile mediator in the Muslim world, but he's no dove. He wrote
the book on Iranian regime change -- literally -- under the title "The
Government of God: Iran's Islamic Republic." If anyone can persuade the
international community, including Russia and China, to marginalize the
theocracy in Tehran, it may be Khalilzad.

"I will place priority on achieving Iran's compliance with (U.N.) Security
Council and (U.N. nuclear watchdog) IAEA requirements regarding its nuclear
programs," Khalilzad testified during his confirmation hearing.

He wisely notes that both Russia and China have been victims of Islamic terror,
and it's in their best interest to help us deter Iran from obtaining weapons of
mass destruction.

Khalilzad also understands the imperative for unilateral action in the absence
of such cooperation and after all diplomatic options have been exhausted.

"When (allies) will not help, the United States will have to act alone," he
wrote in a column last decade. "American hesitation due to fear of offending our
allies may cost more American lives later. If our allies dither on whether to
punish Iran, we cannot then stand still."

An Afghan native, Khalilzad in the 1970 s immigrated to the U.S. and enrolled in
graduate school at the University of Chicago, where he wrote his Ph.D. thesis on
Iran's nuclear program. He studied there under Albert Wohlstetter, the late
anti-Soviet hard-liner who counted among his acolytes former deputy Defense
Secretary Paul Wolfowitz, who has figured prominently in Khalilzad's career. The
two worked together at the State Department during the Reagan administration.

He was a founding signatory to Bill Kristol's Project for the New American
Century, which called for regime change in both Iraq and Iran. In early 1998,
Khalilzad joined Wolfowitz and others in signing an open letter to President
Clinton urging him to develop a policy to depose Saddam Hussein.

Bush made that a reality, and tapped Khalilzad to help set up the post-Saddam
government in Baghdad. He also spearheaded regime change in Kabul.

Khalilzad points out that the ayatollah-controlled government in Tehran is
"relatively weak" and does not have broad support among the Iranian people. He
says its economy is "pathetic," despite its vast oil blessing, and notes that
"Iran's gross domestic product is roughly one-fifth the size of the U.S. defense
budget."

Khalilzad stresses that the citizens of Iran, like those in Iraq, "want better
economic and political conditions (and) we should help them achieve those
objectives."

If Tehran refuses the international community's efforts to "domesticate and
defang" it, he said, "we should not shy away from options that can facilitate a
change in regime."

The polished Khalilzad, an expert on the tribal and religious politics of the
region, may be our best hope to see that happen.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 27, 2012 Friday

Sexuality pioneer, rights activist Bogen dies

BYLINE: Mike Creger, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words


April 27--If you were a college student in Duluth, you remember Iver Bogen for
teaching one of the most uncomfortable but eventually enlightening classes you
could take at the University of Minnesota Duluth.

If you were a progressive activist in town, you remember Bogen as a fierce
advocate for civil rights, women's rights, gay rights, the environment and
ending wars.

And if you are his daughter, you remember him for all of those things and more.

Kathy Bogen reminisced about her father this week. Iver Bogen died Tuesday in
Duluth after years of activism on many fronts and as a psychology professor at
UMD. He was 82.

"He was a compassionate, giving person," Kathy said. "You could be yourself with
him."

That comfort zone helped her father in the classroom.

"He blazed the trail," UMD professor Paula Pedersen said. Today she teaches the
human sexuality classes that Bogen started on campus in the 1970s. At the time,
his frank discussions about all aspects of sexuality were controversial.

"He was very unapologetic," Pedersen said. "He did so much to normalize what
society tended to marginalize."

Pedersen said it was hard to differentiate Bogen's efforts to teach in and out
of the classroom.

"I don't think he thought about going to work," she said of his passion for the
job.

Bogen's drive outside of the classroom was very public.

Kathy Bogen said she recalls her father's stock story about a man who held up
his baby seconds after the birth.

"Welcome to the struggle," Iver Bogen would say.

It was a way of her father saying that it was tough in this world to be a
fighter for human equality when so much disparity surrounds us.

"He really cared about people," she said. "Deep down, he was concerned about
human rights."

Kathy Bogen, who is director of the Grant Community School Collaborative in
Duluth, said that if her father was known for one thing, it was his stance on
often-controversial issues.

People have spoken to her this week about his appreciated honesty, she said.

"He would just say what he thought. You knew where he stood."

In the late 1970s and 1980s, Bogen was a member of the group that fought the
extension of Interstate 35 through Duluth -- an effort that was credited with
helping to ensure the extension was done as unobtrusively and beneficially to
the public as possible. A Navy veteran, he joined the fight in the late 1990s
against bringing the USS Des Moines to Bayfront Park as a museum. With the
Minnesota Civil Liberties Union, he was a plaintiff in a 2004 lawsuit demanding
that Duluth city officials remove a Ten Commandments monument from the front
lawn of City Hall.

"This is a victory for the American people and the city of Duluth," Bogen said
when the religious monument was moved off government property.

Bogen devoted a lot of time to writing about righting the wrongs in the world.
He was a regular contributor to the News Tribune editorial page, carefully
making his arguments to the community at large.

Robin Washington, the editor at the News Tribune, used many of Bogen's columns
and letters to the editor when he was the editorial page editor.

"Iver was never shy about sharing his ideas and truly believing in them,"
Washington said.

In one newspaper commentary supporting gay marriage in May 2005, Bogen utilized
what his daughter called the velvet hammer in punctuating his points.

He wrote:

"It is time we follow the paths of the historical Jesus and determine how we can
become inclusive of all humans. We are, indeed, our brothers' and sisters'
keepers."

"There was no doubt where he stood," current editorial page editor Chuck
Frederick said. "May more of us seize the opportunity to participate in critical
community conversations the way he did."

"He wanted to be a voice for people who maybe didn't have one," Kathy Bogen
said.

He maintained his passions and his wonder for the world, even while nearing
death, she said.

"He felt life was such a big mystery," she said. "He was very spiritual in that
way."

Pedersen said she cherishes a sit-down discussion she had with Bogen as part of
a final test while getting her master's degree. The talk turned to
existentialism, she said, and she mentioned how she sometimes felt that humanity
as we knew it filled only a minute part of the scope of time, that we lived on
just a speck in the universe.

" 'Oh, Paula,' he said. 'But what a gift we have, this speck,' " Pedersen
recalled.

Kathy Bogen said that even while having mobility issues and moving to a care
center, he soon found out all he could about those around him and appreciated
their life stories.

"He built community wherever he went," she said. "He created goodness in
everything."

She saw an inspiring graciousness in him while facing death, she said.

"He wanted to live. He never gave up loving to be alive."

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120427-DU-Sexuality-pioneer-rights-activist-Bogen-dies-0427-20120427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              April 1, 2012 Sunday

Concert at Army post in NC geared toward atheists

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. A3-4

LENGTH: 899 words


FORT BRAGG, N.C. (AP) - For the first time in history, the U.S. military hosted
an event expressly for soldiers and others who don't believe in God, with a
county fair-like gathering Saturday at one of the world's largest Army posts.

Saturday's Rock Beyond Belief event at Fort Bragg was organized by soldiers two
years after an evangelical Christian event at the eastern North Carolina post.
Organizers said it was to show that atheists and other secular believers have a
place in the military.

, is the most visible sign so far of a growing desire by military personnel with
atheist or other secular beliefs to get the same recognition as their religious
counterparts.

The purpose was not to make the Army look bad, organizers said, but to show "I
love the military," said Sgt. Justin Griffith, main organizer of the event and
the military director of American Atheists. He added, "This is not meant to be a
black eye."

Griffith said he and other non-religious soldiers are not permitted to hold
atheist meetings at the post and have so far been rebuffed in their efforts to
change that. They feel their beliefs marginalize them.

Organizers were hoping for a crowd of about 5,000. At least several hundred
people gathered on the parade ground by midday Saturday. Rainy weather for most
of the morning may have affected the turnout. Fort Bragg officials said they
would provide a crowd estimate later.

The atmosphere was festive, with carnival treats like ribbon fries and ice
cream, games for children and a demonstration jump by the Army's Golden Knights
parachute team. Speakers and bands performed on the main stage. In many ways it
was indistinguishable from a county fair except for the information booths
ringing the parade ground and the content of the performances.

"We got any Darwin fans in the house?" asked a performer named Baba Brinkman,
before launching into a rap song about evolutionary biology that culminated in a
call-and-response chant of "Creationism is dead wrong!"

Organizers said the goal was not to disparage soldiers with religious beliefs.
In the weeks leading up to the event, some bloggers and others expressed
concerns. A chaplain currently deployed in Afghanistan posted an open letter on
Fort Bragg's Facebook page, saying he feared the event would be devoted to
mocking religious soldiers.

"We're never antagonistic toward religious believers, we're antagonistic toward
religious belief," said Richard Dawkins, the British biologist and best-selling
atheist author who was the event's headline speaker.

Dawkins, who frequently makes pointed criticism of religious adherents,
delivered some relatively restrained remarks, asserting that none of the common
arguments for religious belief stand up to scrutiny.

"There is no good, honest reason to believe in a god or gods of any kind, or
indeed in anything supernatural," he said. "The only reason to believe something
is that you have evidence for it."

The event marked a coming-out of sorts for atheist and secularist soldiers at
Fort Bragg, who have been trying for more than a year to be recognized as a
"distinctive faith group," a designation that would allow them to hold their
meetings at Bragg facilities. Curious soldiers in uniform mixed with people in
civilian clothes as bands played and children began to race around the huge
field when the rain let up.

"I've been an atheist pretty much my whole life, and where I was growing up in
Texas, I didn't know another atheist," said Pfc. Lance Reed. "It's important to
meet people who have some of the same beliefs and interests as you do, and
that's what this is about."

Reed also said he hoped Christians at Bragg and other believers would attend, to
dispel some misconceptions about atheists.

"A lot of people think it's all about God-bashing or something like that," he
said. "You can see we're not evil people who want to burn down churches. We're
just here to have fun."

Sgt. Lance Hollander, who said he's been looking forward to the event ever since
he first heard about it last year, agreed that in some ways the concert could
serve as a calling card for soldiers who aren't religious.

"Atheists are the least trusted group in America, and we want to change that,"
he said.

A concert that was planned last year fell apart after a dispute between
organizers and the base leadership over questions such as location. Saturday's
gathering was made possible in part by $70,000 in donations from the
Raleigh-based Stiefel Freethought Foundation, whose founder, Todd Stiefel, said
he hopes the Army ultimately decides that its role doesn't include events like
Rock Beyond Belief and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association-sponsored
concert that prompted it.

"I would like this to be the last one of these events," Stiefel said, arguing
that the government shouldn't have any role in hosting events geared towards
religious belief or lack of it.

Fort Bragg is willing to work with organizers of any event that fits its
guidelines, said Garrison Commander Col. Stephen Sicinski, who estimated that
the BGEA evangelical concert generated twice as much controversy as the atheist
event. As far as the Army is concerned, Siciniski said, the event isn't a
bellwether of changing beliefs - it's simply another one of the community events
that Bragg often hosts.

"We don't treat soldiers who are atheists as atheists, we treat them as
soldiers," he said. "They're soldiers first."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

US state Oklahoma's anti-Sharia law put on hold

BYLINE:  SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 273

LENGTH: 575  words


A US judge on Monday temporarily stopped Oklahoma's new anti-Sharia law from
taking effect, according to news media reports. Oklahoma's law: a ballot
initiative approved by 70 percent of Oklahomans in the November 2 elections:
would change the state constitution to prohibit courts from considering
international or Muslim law when deciding cases. Muneer Awad, head of the
Oklahoma chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said that he
wasn't surprised at the November 2 vote: but he was sad and worried.

"You have a state-endorsed amendment in our Constitution that isolates, targets
and marginalizes Muslims as a threat to the American way of life," says Awad.
"We would be stigmatised by this amendment as being an unequal member in the
political community in the state of Oklahoma." Just days after the ballot
initiative was approved, Awad challenged it in the federal court, telling Judge
Vicki Miles-LaGrange that the amendment curtails his religious freedom. After a
brief hearing on Monday, Miles-LaGrange granted a temporary restraining order
and said the law may not be certified until all the constitutional arguments are
heard.

In the courtroom were the sponsors of the amendment, state Congressman Rex
Duncan and Senator Anthony Sykes. Both the men said that they were prompted in
part by a case in New Jersey, in which a state judge refused to give a wife a
protective order after her husband repeatedly raped her, because the judge said
he must defer to Islamic law. The decision was quickly overturned by an
appellate court. Sen Sykes justified the Sharia amendment, saying, "They
certainly don't respect equal treatment regardless of gender in Sharia law.
They're very abusive and downright ill-treat women as unequal citizens in
Shariah law, and we certainly don't want that here in America."

"It's a ridiculous and offensive stereotype, an attempt to capitalise on the
fears of people who don't know anything about Islam," says Awad. "We already
have laws that prevent violence against women: You can't engage in a crime and
consider it somehow related to your faith."

Constitutional scholars agreed. They say that if a religious practice conflicts
with American law, the courts will strike it down; the New Jersey appellate
court's quick response in the case of marital abuse supports that principle.
Marc Stern, a First Amendment lawyer with the American Jewish Committee, says
there's no way that fundamentalist Islamic law will be imported here. "Stoning,
cutting off of hands, people being forced to wear veils and the like are simply
not going to happen with the assistance of the courts," Stern says.

The amendment opens a Pandora's box of legal problems aside from the First
Amendment issues, says Joseph Thai, a law professor at the University of
Oklahoma's College of Law. It would bar courts in the state from recognizing all
international law, including treaties and international business contracts that
are often based on foreign law. He wonders, why would any foreign company do
business with Oklahoma?

"I think this hurts Oklahoma's economy because it chills international
investment to the extent that international investors rely on international law
to protect their contract rights," Thai says. "I think it also hurts Oklahoma
more broadly because it makes Oklahoma seem like a less welcoming place for
outsiders." The next hearing: when the state govt defends the measure: is
scheduled for November 22.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 12, 1996, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Welfare Fraud Doesn't Masquerade as Pain

SECTION: Section A;  Page 14;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 277 words


To the Editor:

In response to the Aug. 5 letter by Daniel M. Feinberg, M.D., on welfare fraud:

I, too, completed residency training in the Bronx, during which much of my time
was spent in the public hospital system. I have since practiced pediatrics for
the past six years in the homeless shelter system and presently as medical
director of a community health center in the South Bronx. The "mild back pains
or headaches" portrayed by Dr. Feinberg as fraudulent claims of welfare beaters
are in fact the somatic manifestations found in any population living under
stressful conditions.

In the community we serve, these symptoms reflect the reality of living in
neighborhoods beset by poverty, substandard and overcrowded housing, crime,
violence and a severe shortage of services, especially health care.

Often, the "mild" symptoms mask more serious conditions such as depression. By
depicting patients' complaints as deceitful, more profound medical conditions
may be missed with potential devastating sequelae.

An important objective of residency training is to approach a patient in a
holistic manner. In this model, social and environmental factors must be taken
into account as they can have a profound impact on health outcomes.

This approach allows the provider and patient to learn from each other and work
toward understanding the etiology of an illness. To characterize our patients'
symptoms as fraudulent dismisses this model and further marginalizes a medically
needy population.

ALAN SHAPIRO, M.D.
Bronx, Aug. 6, 1996

The writer is medical director of the South Bronx Children's Health Center,
Montefiore Medical Center.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Al Sharpton Rips Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump for Ignoring Haiti During
Debate

BYLINE: Madina Toure

LENGTH: 527 words


Presidential nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald trump have earned the ire of
Rev. Al Sharpton, advocates and elected officials hailing from the Carribbean
who said they were disappointed neither candidate mentioned Haiti during the
second presidential debate in St. Louis last night in the aftermath of Hurricane
Matthew.

Speaking in front of the Haitian Consulate in Manhattan, Rev. Al Sharpton and
his lieutenant Kirsten Foy announced a drive to collect supplies, clothing and
other staples-but not cash-to support Haitian victims. Sharpton said he was
disappointed that Haiti was not mentioned during the debate considering the high
death toll and its proximity to the United States.

"If almost 1,000 people faced a natural disaster anywhere in the world, they
would have began the debate by saying, 'Let's pray for the people in that
area,'" Sharpton said. "To act as though this nation in our hemisphere does not
matter is to marginalize and offend many of us."

He added that he found it even more alarming when the discussion shifted to
foreign policy and Haiti still did not come up during the conversation.

"Even when they got to foreign affairs, they never talked about a nation just
south of the Florida border that is dealing with a natural disaster," Sharpton
continued.

Brooklyn Councilman Mathieu Eugene, who was born on the island republic, noted
the vast contributions Haitians make to American society, saying that they are
doctors, nurses, taxi drivers, businessmen and businesswomen, among other
professions. He also announced the creation of a permanent task force to create
the necessary structure to help Haiti minimize the extent of damage and leaks in
the aftermath of natural disasters.

"We are still contributing to the fabric of United States of America," Eugene
said. "I think it would be nice and fair and the right thing to do during the
debate for the candidates to mention-at least to take a moment, a moment of
silence, for the victims in Haiti."

Councilman Jumaane Williams, whose parents came from the Caribbean and who
represents a large West Indian population in Brooklyn, said he was crestfallen
at the absence of Haiti during the discussions at the debate. Williams asserted
that "one of the first things that should have been asked" during the foreign
affairs portion of the debate is that the United States stop deporting people
back to Haiti, noting that immigration authorities visit his district in the
middle of the night to send people back to Haiti.

Williams also said the storms cannot be stopped but that infrastructure can be
built to minimize the damage-also arguing that if Haiti had been developed and
allowed to continue to flourish, it could have been the richest island "in all
aspects" in the Western Hemisphere.

"We're asking for the presidential candidates to ask that that stop right now,"
Williams said. "I'm asking President Obama and Congress to send a message that
this is not the time to be sending people back to Haiti. You do it for other
countries. There's no reason you shouldn't be doing for Haiti right now."

Disclosure: Donald Trump is the father-in-law of Jared Kushner, the publisher of
Observer Media.


LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

We want to know how you'd change attitudes toward addiction

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 304 words


We want your ideas for how to address Maine's opiate epidemic.


The Bangor Daily News is hosting the One Life Project at 5:30 p.m., Wednesday,
May 4, at the Cross Insurance Center in Bangor. There, people will answer
questions to come up with specific steps to ease the opiate epidemic.


Sen. Angus King will speak. The Bangor area Community Health Leadership Board
will review and potentially pursue some of the ideas that come out of the
evening.


We want as much input as possible, so we're starting to gather ideas now. Below
is one of several questions. Send us your answers, big and small.


We expect to run out of room, so please register soon:


Powered by Eventbrite


Changing culture


For a long time, our culture has regarded people with addiction as wrongdoers.
That's a problem because it can actually prevent people from seeking or
receiving the help they need.


We tend to marginalize people who have developed a substance use disorder or are
at risk of developing one. Students who have used drugs may be kicked off sports
teams, suspended or expelled. Landlords may be less likely to rent to someone
with a history of drug use. Employees may be reprimanded, terminated or simply
not hired.


It is reasonable to hold someone accountable for hurting others, but isolating
that person may make him or her even more likely to use, and make recovery
harder.


One study, for example, found youth were more likely to use marijuana after
being suspended for pot use. It also found they were less likely to use pot
after discussing its effects with a teacher.


Family members of those experiencing addiction may also feel the effects of
stigma. They may struggle in silence, feel shame or a sense of failure, or not
know where to turn. There are few options for families to receive support or
outreach.


So, what should we do about all this?


//

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

We want to know how you'd change attitudes toward addiction

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 304 words


We want your ideas for how to address Maine's opiate epidemic.


The Bangor Daily News is hosting the One Life Project at 5:30 p.m., Wednesday,
May 4, at the Cross Insurance Center in Bangor. There, people will answer
questions to come up with specific steps to ease the opiate epidemic.


Sen. Angus King will speak. The Bangor area Community Health Leadership Board
will review and potentially pursue some of the ideas that come out of the
evening.


We want as much input as possible, so we're starting to gather ideas now. Below
is one of several questions. Send us your answers, big and small.


We expect to run out of room, so please register soon:


Powered by Eventbrite


Changing culture


For a long time, our culture has regarded people with addiction as wrongdoers.
That's a problem because it can actually prevent people from seeking or
receiving the help they need.


We tend to marginalize people who have developed a substance use disorder or are
at risk of developing one. Students who have used drugs may be kicked off sports
teams, suspended or expelled. Landlords may be less likely to rent to someone
with a history of drug use. Employees may be reprimanded, terminated or simply
not hired.


It is reasonable to hold someone accountable for hurting others, but isolating
that person may make him or her even more likely to use, and make recovery
harder.


One study, for example, found youth were more likely to use marijuana after
being suspended for pot use. It also found they were less likely to use pot
after discussing its effects with a teacher.


Family members of those experiencing addiction may also feel the effects of
stigma. They may struggle in silence, feel shame or a sense of failure, or not
know where to turn. There are few options for families to receive support or
outreach.


So, what should we do about all this?


//

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 27, 2014 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Readers write

BYLINE: For the AJC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 372 words


Columnist doesn't get fans of soccer

Congratulations to the AJC for its coverage of the football (soccer) World Cup,
which has been comprehensive and generally insightful. On the negative side, we
are all tired of middle-aged, out-of-touch "sports pundits" who present us with
patronizing drivel like Mark Bradley's article "Understanding futbol" (Sports,
June 24). Mr. Bradley should only look at the photo above his piece to
understand he is swimming upstream against the new demographic of young, cool
soccer supporters in this country. I am sure Bradley will change his tune and
improve his soccer expertise when Mr. Blank's Atlanta soccer team gets underway.

IAN SHAW, CUMMING

Immigrants' kids still here wrongly

If my parents robbed a bank of a million dollars and gave the money to me, would
I be able to keep the million dollars since I had done no wrong? No, I wouldn't.
So, why should the children of illegal immigrants benefit from their parents'
illegal acts? And second, why don't they migrate to South America? Maybe they
wouldn't get all the public assistance and prolonged legal challenges. But they
would have more in common culturally and speak the same language in many parts
of South America. It appears to be quite the paradox.

DONALD VARN, CONYERS

Don't marginalize Fulton's libraries

Kudos to Judge Nina Radakovich for her appeal to the Fulton County Commission to
reinstate full-time hours to our public libraries ("Libraries should not be
cut," Opinion, June 21). She expressed what I've been thinking ever since I was
appalled by a "closed" sign on the library door on a recent Friday. It was so
sad and frustrating to see people come up to the door only to find it closed.

What a travesty to cut the hours of a most precious public treasure of
information, research and community. The library is a unique American
institution to be treasured and nurtured, not skimmed. Would you rather the kids
go home and play video games, or get in trouble on the streets, when they'd be
better off reading? I don't think so. I concur: "Fulton County Commission,
please reinstate our public libraries' full-time hours immediately. All of us,
especially our children and grandchildren, deserve no less."

SALPI ADROUNY, JOHNS CREEK

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 944 words


MARY FRANSON

Tevlin column restored constituents' dignity

I would like to thank Jon Tevlin for his column about State Rep. Mary Franson
("In Rep. Franson's district, 'animals' are also known as constituents," March
10). By comparing those who receive food stamps to wild animals, Franson has
shown the state how out of touch she is with her district and the economic
realities that her constituents face on a daily basis. At worst, she has
carelessly engaged in a type of behavior -- the dehumanization of a group of
people -- that has been used throughout history as a precursor to strip away the
rights of those groups, and to further marginalize them. Tevlin has shown the
true face of the residents of Todd County, and has countered the negative
effects of comments meant to sweep a portion of them under the rug.

SUSAN FLYGARE, MINNEAOPOLIS

Vikings stadium

What's best for the team and the state

The editorial supporting electronic pulltabs for stadium financing indicated
that this would respect the state's relationship with the casinos under the
terms of compacts that have been in place for 20 years ("E-pulltabs best bet to
win stadium OK," March 11). This last statement should have been modified. What
it should have said is that this agreement would have continued to support the
largest tax rip-off ever committed on Minnesota taxpayers. While every state in
the country taxes either private or Indian gaming operations, thanks to the
Perpich administration Indian casinos have an exemption never to pay a dime of
taxes on their earnings.

TOM CARLSON, NEW BRIGHTON

- - -

The Vikings have somehow flipped the stadium drive. We have the team sitting
back and expecting our Legislature to be working on its private business needs.
This is totally wrong. The Vikings should be working to satisfy our questions on
the stadium funding rather than our government trying to satisfy the Vikings. No
private business should expect our state to dance to its tune.

DEAN REINKE, MINNEAPOLIS

Dayton's frustrations

Prostadium governor shouldn't rip opponents

If Gov. Mark Dayton does not like the established processes and procedures, he
should offer legislation to change them rather than making inflammatory remarks,
unbecoming of a governor, about them or about the people abiding by them
("Vikings stadium plan to get retooled," March 15). Comments about opponents
doing "hatchet work" on the legislation and saying, "It gets to be, really, the
theater of the absurd," in reference to the process and the people involved
should never have been uttered. Just because Dayton is for the stadium does not
give him the right to insult opponents who are against it. Each viewpoint, pro
and con, is equally valid and carries equal weight.

ANDY PAKALNS, ST. PAUL

Amy Senser

No matter what's said, she's not the victim

While I certainly don't condone a mob-mentality approach to the Amy Senser case,
I can't help understanding why some would feel frustrated with her ("Senser
wants trial relocated," March 10). She's accused of hitting a man with her
vehicle, then driving off and leaving him to die. Then, shockingly, she's tried
to paint herself as a victim and has done only the bare minimum to cooperate
with investigators as they try to piece together the events of that tragic
night. I can only imagine the anguish and frustration people feel -- not to
mention the family of the real victim, Anousone Phanthavong -- in their search
for answers. The vilification of Senser may be premature, but it wouldn't be
much of stretch to argue, quite convincingly, that her actions aren't in keeping
with a compassionate person.

JOHN G. MORGAN, BURNSVILLE

Don Shelby

Yes, letter writer, he respects environment

Obviously the letter writer who criticized Don Shelby's new home hasn't visited
the site or read anything about what went into building the home (Letter of the
Day, March 10). Sometimes I wonder if living in a cave is the only way to really
live "green" and satisfy such critics. I visited the property, read the
brochures, and I talked to the builders and came away impressed with what they
tried to do.

MARLENE STUMPF, ANNANDALE, MINN.

School bullying

Victims should redirect their settlement money

The settlement of a discrimination lawsuit against the Anoka-Hennepin School
District for negligence regarding the verbal and physical abuse of six students
set a new precedent for what we think the role of administration ought to be in
bullying prevention ("School settlement hailed as 'blueprint,'" March 7). Such a
triumph of compassion was heartening, but what was disheartening was the fate of
the cash settlement that resulted. The $270,000 settlement was symbolic.
However, what the families did with that money also carried a great deal of
symbolism. If the case was truly about establishing more-robust preventative
measures, then the money ought to be the initial fuel for this cause. The
donation of the settlement to such a cause would confirm that the case was about
the well-being of all our schoolchildren rather than only the six involved.

ROBERT PIEH, NORTHFIELD

'Pink slime'

Don't let beef product in nation's schools

Unfit for McDonald's but fine for our students ("Schools can just say no to
'pink slime,'" March 16)? In the spring, 7 million pounds of "pink slime" will
appear in our schools' lunches unless school districts decide otherwise. This
beef has been treated with ammonium hydroxide and more resembles slime than real
meat. The youths of America deserve better than unwanted scraps. All to save
money? We need to get our priorities straight. Administrators need to step up
and have a higher standard of what gets fed to our students.

MICHELLE JAMAR, EDEN PRAIRIE

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 30, 2011 Saturday

Holocausts teaches lessons about justice, humanity and the rule of law

BYLINE: Galen Holley, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1248 words


April 30--TUPELO -- The Holocaust was an unspeakable horror, and the only way to
make it worse would be to forget it and to learn nothing.

Starting Sunday and continuing through May 8, the Holocaust Memorial Museum in
Washington, D.C., is sponsoring National Days of Remembrance.

The yearly event calls attention not only to the murder of two-thirds of
Europe's Jews during World War II, but to injustice and persecution throughout
the world.

The city of Tupelo will recognize the event with a proclamation and a
presentation by Richard Gershon, dean of the school of law at the University of
Mississippi and a member of a Reform Jewish community.

The theme of this year's remembrance is "Justice and Accountability in the Face
of Genocide: What have we learned?"

According to Rabbi Marshal Klaven, perhaps the most important lesson is that
racism, prejudice and dehumanization are still very real threats to humanity.

"Twelve million people died at the hands of the Nazis -- 6 million Jews along
with other innocent people labeled as undesirables," said Klaven, director of
Rabbinic services at the Goldring/Woldenberg Institute of Southern Jewish Life
in Jackson. Gypsies, Slavic people, the infirm and Jehovah's Witnesses were also
murdered.

"All these issues are of one fabric," said Klaven. "When we pull on one of those
threads, and label and marginalize people, like African-Americans, Jews,
homosexuals, etc., society comes unraveled."

Legal precedent

In Greek, the word means to sacrifice by fire, and the Holocaust saw millions of
Jews and the other "undesirables" of whom Klaven spoke incinerated in huge
ovens, as well as shot, hanged, gassed and otherwise butchered.

The Nazis called it the "Final Solution," the systematic extermination of
non-combatant, civilian populations.

Some historians have called it the age of genocide, a term that was coined
during the Holocaust to describe the widespread efforts of one group to
annihilate another.

"We have here, essentially, hundreds of thousands of innocents being targeted
because, from another perspective, they weren't considered innocent," said Kees
Gispen, executive director of the Croft Institute at Ole Miss and an authority
on 20th century German history.

"We have, in a sense, an age of total war," said Gispen, referring to the
period, beginning with World War I, in which, as he said, there was "a way of
thinking about war in which entire societies, groups or classes became the
enemy."

Almost unbelievably, genocide continues today.

Millions of civilians have been killed in places like the Democratic Republic of
Congo and Sudan, victims of warring ethnic, tribal and military factions and
racial cleansing.

This year marks the 65th anniversary of the Nuremberg Trials, a series of
military tribunals, conducted by the victorious Allied forces after World War
II, where prominent political, military and business leaders who made the
Holocaust possible were put on trial.

According to Gershon, Nuremberg was a watershed moment for several reasons,
perhaps most importantly because it demonstrated the Allies' commitment to the
rule of law as opposed to cold-blooded revenge.

"The rule of law helps keep us civilized. It's what allows us as a country, as a
democracy, to exist," said Gershon, who will speak at the Lee-Itawamba County
Library on Monday at 6:30 p.m.

By convicting senior political, business and military leaders of "crimes against
humanity," the International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg set a precedent that
led to the formation of international policing agencies and statements of human
rights, according to an expert on international law.

"In that sense, it opened the door for adoption of the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights in 1948, which became the foundation for a global network of human
rights treaties," said Charles Brower, Croft Professor of International Law at
Ole Miss.

No matter how egregious their offenses, the Nazis weren't simply executed. As
Gershon put it, "We don't break down and become a vigilante state." The
perpetrators had their day in court.

"In so doing, it (Nuremberg) created the basis for prosecuting dictators like
Saddam Hussein, Slobodan Milosevic and Augusto Pinochet," said Brower. "Thus,
the Nuremberg judgment introduced the now obvious principle that international
law guarantees respect for the dignity of all human beings, in all places and at
all times," he said.

As fundamental as it may be for civilized society, the law doesn't exist in a
vacuum, and needs to be informed by conscience and morality, according to
Gershon.

"There's a line between morality and law," he said.

"The rule of law works under the assumption that the government itself isn't
evil," said Gershon. "Morality really needs to be the starting point for law."

Shared cause

Most people have seen the famous photograph of Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel
marching alongside the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in Selma, Ala. The image
is indicative of a shared sense of oppression between Jews and Southern blacks
during the civil rights era.

Many of the whites who participated in the Freedom Rides, which departed from
Northern cities and drove into the Jim Crow South to expose racism, were Jewish.
Jews have also been instrumental in the development of the NAACP.

Some Jews worked to undermine racism from inside the academic world, like Ernst
Borinski. After serving in the U.S. Army in World War II, the German-born
Borinski took a position as a professor of sociology at historically black
Tugaloo College in Jackson. He spoke frequently at nearby Millsaps College and
his outspoken position against segregation made him the target of threats and
investigations.

"I think many Jews in Mississippi, particularly those who were refugees or
survivors of the Holocaust, had a very powerful sense of the worst of what
racial discrimination could cause," said Stuart Rockoff, director of the history
department at the Goldring/Woldenberg Institute.

Denying the humanity of others was the fundamental evil of slavery and the
subsequent racism against blacks in the South as well as in Nazi efforts to
exterminate Jews, Klaven said.

"The onus falls not only upon the Nazi regime, but on average individuals who
remained silent," said Klaven, an indictment that he said also pertains to
average citizens who didn't speak out against racism.

"The deafening silence that fell over too much of the world requires a concept
bigger than collective or corporate sin," said Klaven, referring again to the
Holocaust.

Justice and accountability in the face of genocide, according to Gershon,
includes staying our anger, and treating everyone humanely, even those who have
injured us.

"Our system of law should demonstrate that we hold human life in higher regard
than anything else," he said.

The Days of Remembrance are a chance to recognize that justice is a universal
concern.

"This is not solely a Jewish issue, it's a human rights issue," said Klaven. "We
all have that divine spark within us, and human beings are the best resource of
any nation."

Contact Daily Journal religion editor Galen Holley at (662) 678-1510 or
galen.holley@journalinc.com

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.nems360.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110430-TP-Holocausts-teaches-lessons-about-justice-humanity-and-the-rule-of-la
w-0430-20110430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2011 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 13, 2011 Sunday

EQUAL TIME

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 80

LENGTH: 1070 words


SCREEN MACHINE -   ESPN loves to hide games with graphics

IT'S A fact that can be spoken and written without hesitation or exaggeration:
Sports television grows more absurd by the day. For every step forward in
technology, TV folks take us two steps back in its application.

The Wright Brothers? Aren't those the guys who invented the wheeled, flying leaf
blower?

Louisville and Marquette were playing the first half of their Big East
quarterfinal Thursday night on ESPN, the TV headquarters of mindless excess.

With play on and three men, Sean McDonough, Bill Raftery and Jay Bilas, calling
the game when no more than two were needed, the screen already was heavy with
stuff to read and assorted clutter to minimize the view of live basketball:

The indiscriminant and redundant "Bottom Line" crawl along the bottom of the
screen; above that an ESPN logo, the names of the teams (including Louisville's
No. 14 national ranking), the score of the game, a "1st" graphic indicating it
was the first half, the game clock and the shot clock.

Enough? Nope.

Above that, ESPN kept flashing graphics - irrelevant, needless, senseless
graphics that could only further marginalize the picture while distracting the
audience. Emptyheaded stuff such as this:

" L O U I S V I L L E REBOUND LEADERS.

C. SMITH-5 KNOWLES 5" Immediate ly fo l lowed by: "LOUISVILLE ASSIST LEADERS.
SIVA 3 KNOWLES 3." "LOUISVILLE" was even preceded - decorated - by the school's
cartoon cardinal logo.

Why? Why in the name of common sense and live TV would ESPN choose to further
make a mess of the screen and inhibit the audience's ability to watch a game by
throwing up such useless info?

Was ESPN conducting a Big East Tournament fantasy league for total rebounds and
assists of individual players? Few, if any, viewers cared who led the Cardinals
in assists with three minutes left in the first half, so why cover even more of
the court and the game to post reading matter that isn't worth reading?

Was there even one viewer who wanted to know how many assists Knowles had? Do
executive producers think these things through before authoring their inclusion?

Whatever happened to TV's noble and often successful attempts to provide "the
best seat in the house"?

When was that thrown into reverse? When did "Look what we can do!" become the
senseless standard?

I know, we've been down this dead-end before. Nothing's going to change, not for
the better.

If TV technology existed today that could change our seat, we would be given the
option of moving directly behind a woman in a tall, flowered hat.

And we would be seated next to a crying baby, a baby who only stops screaming
when you sit him on your lap and read him a story about individual first-half
rebounding stats.

***   ESPN invents these grand expert roles - Mel Kiper Jr., mock NFL draft
magician, Todd McShay, rater, by position, of college prospects - then beats us
to death with them. Now we have ESPN Bracketologist Joe Lunardi, who we were
told several times Thursday projects Georgia as the last school that will be
invited to play in the NCAA Tournament. (Georgia lost the next day). Lunardi's
"expertise" is the same as others' - it's based on a load of "ifs." But ESPN
would have viewers believe that it hires sorcerers.

UNIFORMS DON'T HAVE TO CONFORM

THE basketball team that represents the University of Miami - school colors
orange, green and white - now plays in Nike streetcred all-black uniforms, and
has for a couple of seasons.

*** ESPN has named Adrian Healey, Englishman turned Connecticut Yankee, lead
play-by-player on Major League Soccer telecasts.

***  The Knicks shot four free-throws Wednesday in Memphis to the Grizzlies' 35.
Fix! Impossible! The Knicks don't play enough defense for the other team to
shoot 35 free throws.

***  Sean McDonough may be ESPN's only courtsider with the nerve to note that
the money-talks product logos pasted to the Garden court during the Big East
Tournament are a slippery danger.

*** Golf Channel's cliche machine, Kelly Tilghman, on Friday could have said
that Doral leader Hunter Mahan "has made a lot of putts." Instead, she went
with, "He has seen a lot of putts, so far, find the bottom of that cup." Oy.

*** Forget free speech, every March people should be paraded to the public
square then pilloried for the remainder of the NCAA Tournament for saying any of
the following: "The Big Dance," "Going dancing," having your "ticket punched" or
"The clock has struck midnight on Cinderella."

***   New Met Willie Harris, versatile sub and Mets killer, was asked by WFAN's
Steve Somers on Monday how to succeed off the bench.  "Pay attention to the
game," Harris said.

FRANCESCA CONVENIENTLY FORGETS HIS 'OFFICIAL' STANCE IN PAST

MIKE Francesa - screaming murder on Wednesday after the refs blew the end of St.
John'sRutgers, demanding the rules be retroactively changed on his command -
didn't quite rhyme with his recent takes on officiating.

As readers have recalled, in June, in assessing ump Jim Joyce's last-out safe
call, a horrible call that deprived Armando Galarraga of a perfect game,
Francesa excused it an episode that's part of games, one that humanizes sports,
makes them so appealing.

But reader John Mancuso of Marlboro, N.J., has a logical take on that SJU-RU
ending:

Given that both coaches, Steve Lavin and Mike Rice, are refranters who were in
full stomping demonstration near the game's end, it stood to reason that the
refs would jump their own gun, that they'd leave the floor as quickly as
possible to avoid a scene.

Was Rice's behavior at least partially responsible for RU's fate?

Regardless, there's no one with a greater gift for being both pompous and wrong
than Francesa. Thursday, with Pitt taking a six-point, second-half lead over
UConn, Francesa knowingly recognized that this was the beginning of the end, a
simple case of Pitt, the better team, pulling away. Mikey knows all, yes, all!

UConn won at the buzzer.

He's uncanny. Who else can spot himself a 41/2-point favorite with a six-point
lead more than halfway through the game and, talking down to you the whole way,
still get it 100 dead wrong?

***   Although it raised Knicks and Rangers ticket prices last week,
Cablevision, believe it or not, did something nice. Given the earthquake in
Japan, it began to provide news-filled TV Japan network free to subscribers
through March 17.

That would be a radical change even for Mets starters.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WHAT A MESS: ESPN makes it a point to clutter the screen with graphics,
which make it difficult for fans to see the game the network is televising.
(N.Y. Post photo composite (Paul J. Bereswill photo))

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 12, 2007 Friday
                                 4STAR Edition

Letters | SUGARHOUSE: LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; DN Opinion; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 329 words


THEY SAY A lie repeated often enough will come to be seen as the truth. We hope
that isn't the case with SugarHouse's claims about where their casino would be
located.

Contrary to what Philadelphians may read in the papers, SugarHouse would be
located in both Fishtown and Northern Liberties - not just in Fishtown.

We believe SugarHouse is working to create the impression that its casino would
be located only in Fishtown because the membership of the Northern Liberties
Neighbors Association has chosen not to discuss a potential community-benefits
agreement with SugarHouse at this time. As the fastest-growing community in the
city, with thousands of new residences in the pipeline on Delaware Avenue,
Northern Liberties does not need the traffic, crime, social impacts and threats
to our neighborhood commercial corridor a casino would bring.

If SugarHouse can marginalize Northern Liberties by pretending its casino
wouldn't be located within our boundaries, they'll have one less community to
deal with as they try to clear the way for the bulldozers. We urge the news
media not to take SugarHouse's P.R. at its word, and instead to stick to the
facts.

We stand united with the Fishtown Neighbors Association, and with legitimate
civic groups up and down the river, in fighting for development that creates
jobs without threatening existing jobs or degrading neighborhood quality of
life.

Jennifer Lewis, President

Debbie King, Vice President

Matt Ruben, Member

Northern Liberties Neighbors Assn.Her humor Jones

I have to share how much I enjoy Solomon Jones' column.

"Payback is a kid" (Sept. 29) caused me to smile, then chuckle, then actually
laugh until tears came.

It's great when youthful folly gives way to wisdom, and our sons and daughters
who have become parents, realize and acknowledge, that we who are now
grandparents really did know a thing or two or three.

Please keep these refreshing tidbits coming. A laugh a day keeps the blues away.

Juanita Bryant

Philadelphia

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                        March 21, 2005 - March 27, 2005

PARIS ON THE PLATTE

BYLINE: BOB BOWS

SECTION: LEGIT REVIEWS; Resident; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 840 words


(CURIOUS THEATER COMPANY, AUDITORIUM THEATER, ACOMA CENTER; 200 SEATS; $ 26 TOP)

DENVER A Curious Theater Company presentation of a play in two acts by Joan
Holden. Directed by Chip Walton. Set, Michael R. Duran; costumes, Ann Piano;
lighting, Shannon McKinney; sound, Matthew Morgan; production stage manager,
Lisa Boehm. Opened, reviewed March 12, 2005. Running time: 1 HOUR, 55 MIN.

Mattie Silks, Aunt Winifred,

Irish Girl .... Dee Covington

Mayor Speer, Irish Cop .... Tupper Cullum

Piano Man .... David Dunbar

Ben Lindsey, Jewish Immigrant,

Stapleton, Labor Leader,

George Creel, et al. .... Christopher Leo

Virginia, Val .... Kendra Crain McGovern

Kate Speer, Mayor's Secretary,

Polly, et al. .... Megan Meek

Delores, Mrs. L.K. Daniels,

Gardener .... Jada Roberts

Wm. G. Evans, Henry Arnold,

Vaso Chucovich, et al. .... Erik Sandvold

Like the political atmosphere in America today, where the facade of moral
righteousness is used to marginalize the human and ecological toll of our
empire, so the City Beautiful movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries
served as an aesthetic mask for the imperial rumblings, corrupt political
machines and social unrest of the time. Such were the conditions in the
rough-and-ready streets of Denver depicted in this adventuresome pastiche of
melodrama, history and social commentary.

The principal playwright from 1970 to 2000 for San Francisco Mime Troupe, Joan
Holden is now at her best adapting the political incisiveness of guerilla
theater to the legit stage. A far cry from the in-your-face agit-prop that
surfaced in response to the war in Vietnam, here her script melds a
class-conscious view of labor and capital with compassionate observations of
those attempting to govern the often irreconcilable interests of their
constituents.

The script was undergoing revisions right up to the final rehearsal. While
Holden's experience and skill is evident in her ability to cull drama from the
specifics of history and biography, the multitudinous facts, subplots and
characters that form the fabric of Denver's history are at times too much to
comprehend. Judicious editing and more distinctive costuming and makeup could
deliver a stronger dramatic arc.

Denver has constantly reinvented itself to survive, and Holden captures this
spirit in the character of Mayor Robert Speer, who ruled the Queen City of the
Plains from 1904 to 1912 and, again, from 1916 until his death in 1918. Democrat
Speer's marriage of convenience with Republican business magnate Wm. G. Evans is
depicted with particular insight in a series of conversations that reveal,
despite the seeming diversion of their public posturing, the mutual economic
interests of the men and their respective supporters; so much for the "two-party
system."

The particulars of Speer's reign are the stuff of legends. He seized and
maintained power through rigged elections, holding together a coalition of
interests that included organized crime, labor and the city's wealthy
businessmen. No hard sell was required (or given) to effectively communicate to
the audience the parallels with today's national powerbrokers.

Yet Speer was not content to simply line the pockets of his friends. Like his
modern mayoral successors in this city, beginning with Federico Pena, who asked
the voters to "imagine a great city," he exacted taxes and contributions to
redesign and beautify Denver, leaving a legacy of public works including the
Civic Center, tree-lined greenways and boulevards and the city's famous mountain
park system.

The kaleidoscopic effect of covering so much ground limits memorable
characterizations to a fleeting few. The eight-member ensemble does yeoman work
reinventing themselves at the drop of a hat in 30 roles that represent a mix of
historical and fictional figures.

Director Chip Walton combines a melodramatic look and feel with selected doses
of Brechtian realism to deliver Holden's biting, satirical moments and rewarding
realizations. The entertainment is diluted, however, by occasional intrusions of
historical recitation, telegraphed pronouncements and sidebars in need of
gleaning. The conceit of a play-within-a-play, referred to in one early scene,
unnecessarily confuses the story and could be easily jettisoned.

Michael R. Duran's design and Susan Crabtree's elegant shading and perspective
on the painted scenery, replete with a marvelous period facsimile proscenium and
curtain depicting an early vista of Denver City, has us imagining gas footlights
illuminating the actors, while David Dunbar's whiz-bang live ragtime
accompaniment completes the atmosphere.

Though offering an astute perspective on local history, with a little work
"Paris on the Platte" could, much like the 1939 pic "Streets of New York,"
provide a seamless universal critique of the corrupt political and social
behaviors that Americans nationwide have grown to accept at all levels of
governance, and thus serve as an effective metaphor at any theater in the
country.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 2005 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 17, 2005, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Oscar's producer answers concerns

BYLINE: Anthony Breznican

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 381 words

If Jamie Foxx does win the Oscar and croons his acceptance speech, at least his
fellow nominees won't be standing beside him looking like sullen back-up
singers.

Academy Awards producer Gil Cates confirmed Wednesday that his plan to
streamline the Feb. 27 telecast won't change the way the celebrity categories --
acting, director and picture -- are presented. Last week, Cates said some
categories would be presented with all nominees on stage and others would be
awarded in the audience, eliminating the time-consuming procession to the stage.



Cates wouldn't say which awards would be presented the new ways. But he did say
that only craft awards -- which could include editing and sound mixing, for
example -- would be presented beauty-pageant-style: all the nominees standing
together onstage, and the winner giving a speech while those who lose go back
into the shadows.

About half of the telecast's 24 prizes will be distributed one of these two
ways. But all winners will still get a chance to speak -- and might even get
more time to talk, Cates says.

But some behind-the-scenes artists are bristling over the message they say the
changes send.

"It marginalizes our contribution to the film," says Alan Heim, Oscar-winning
editor for 1979's All That Jazz and president of the American Cinema Editors.

"Winning an award is an enormously important part of one's career," Heim says.
"It's hard enough to get recognition if you're not a movie star."

But Heim says he will give the new presentation method a chance.

Deborah Landis, head of the Costume Designers Guild and a nominee for 1988's
Coming to America, says she's more uncomfortable with the embarrassment nominees
face if they lose onstage.

"When I didn't win, I definitely valued my private moment," she says. "My
husband looked at me, put something in my hand and gave me a big, sloppy kiss.
He said, 'These are your Oscar': a pair of ruby earrings. My moment was private
and with my husband."

Cates says he's sorry if some are alarmed at the change, but he wants a more
dynamic telecast.

"It's an experiment," he says. "The pace will appear better because every time
an award is given it won't be: go into the audience, they schlep up, go to the
audience, they schlep up."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Kevork Djansezian, AP; Cates: Craft" nominees will be on
stage en masse.

TYPE: PEOPLE

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            January 18, 2009 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Sex workers tackle stigma in lives, media

BYLINE: Sarah Petrescu, Times Colonist

SECTION: CAPITAL & VAN. ISL.; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 516  words


When Thea Cunningham helps sex workers find a place to live, visit a doctor when
they have the flu, or speak to a lawyer, she knows the kind of humiliating
treatment they can face.

"I've gone to the hospital with pneumonia and had doctors and nurses ignore me
like I was garbage and it was my fault because I was on the street," said
Cunningham, 36, who was a sex worker and a drug addict for 10 years before
becoming sober just over a year ago.

Now she co-ordinates a daytime outreach program at the Prostitutes Empowerment
Education and Resource Society . "A lot of the girls are my friends and I feel
so good being out there for them .... That's what saved me."

Cunningham was part of a group of sex workers, academics and advocates from
around the world who came together at the Bedford Regency Hotel in Victoria this
weekend to brainstorm how to reduce the stigma sex workers face in their lives
and the media.

"We'd like to find a way to get the message out that those -- mostly women --
involved in the sex trade are complex human beings," said Cecilia Benoit, a
University of Victoria sociology professor who organized the Challenging Myths
and Misperceptions conference with the Women's Health Research Network. "The
stigma that they cannot break free from is constantly being defined by what
marginalizes them -- the sex trade, poverty, race -- and nothing else."

That stigma has been around for a long time -- in this newspaper in the latter
part of the 19th century, sex workers were referred to as "women of ill-repute"
and high-end brothels were known as the "sporting industry."

Lauren Casey said she's recently had to confront the fact her history as a sex
worker and advocate might follow her.

"Just Google my name and the first thing that comes up is a YouTube video of me
saying I want to start a brothel ... I'm applying for graduate school and jobs
thinking about that," said Casey, a former director of PEERS who is about to
start doctoral studies at Fielding Graduate University in Santa Barbara, Calif.

Susan Davis, a sex worker, artist and co-ordinator with Vancouver's Prostitution
Alternatives Counseling and Education Society, told how media portrayals of
missing women in the late '90s on that city's Downtown Eastside prompted sex
workers and advocates to challenge stigmatic language with success. "Within a
year, we had every media organization across the country replacing words like
hooker and prostitute with sex worker."

Cunningham said speaking openly about her time as a sex worker and drug addict
is part of helping others find acceptance. "If you would have seen me -- I spent
the last three years in Rock Bay with no front teeth ... I had an abscess the
size of a baseball on my arm from shooting drugs, [I was] in and out of trying
to get treatment. It was awful," she said.

Since becoming involved with PEERS, Cunningham has regained custody of her
15-year-old daughter and is studying to become a paramedic -- a career choice
prompted by the three times she helped fellow drug addicts survive an overdose.
"I can't say enough about [PEERS]."

spetrescu@tc.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Debra Brash, Times Colonist; Thea Cunningham, right, with mother Victoria
Ann Hagel: "My mom calls [PEERS] my guardian angel." ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Merkel's Burka Ban: How Far-Right Parties are Shifting Political Dialogue

LENGTH: 1067  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: International Human Rights Organization has issued the following
news release:



 Last week Chancellor Angela Merkel accepted the nomination for her party, the
Christian Democratic Union (CDU), in hopes of serving her fourth term. Merkel,
who ran unopposed, received 89.5 percent of her party's vote, down from the 96.7
percent she received two years ago. To boisterous approval by party members, she
advocated a ban on full-face veils "wherever legally possible" and promised that
Germany would not allow sharia law to replace German law.





 This stronger language seems to reflect a shift for Merkel, regarded as a
champion of tolerance and compassion for her generous response to the refugee
crisis. She should remain a champion of human rights and stand up to--rather
than give in to--the intolerance and attacks on liberal democracy that are
gripping Europe.



 Bans on the burka or the "burkini," including the one struck down earlier this
year in France, divide society and undermine long-term security interests. They
aren't just counterproductive--they are harmful. They appeal to emotions stoked
by hateful rhetoric and further marginalize Muslim communities and Muslim women
in particular, who experience discrimination in different ways than Muslim men.



 Muslim women are rarely consulted in this process, and when they speak out,
their concerns are ignored. Women who wear the burka in countries where they are
banned are often forced to stay at home, and Muslim women wearing religious
attire become increasingly vulnerable to hate crime. The ban undermines several
human rights, including freedom of religion and expression, the right to
participate fully in society, the right to movement, and the right to equality
and non-discrimination, both on the basis of religion and gender.



 Moreover, the ban sends the message that Germany is not a country for Muslims,
something that alienates the Muslim population already in Germany and will do
serious damage to its attempt to integrate the 1.3 million refugees who have
arrived in Germany since 2015. Germany has taken strides to assert itself as a
country of immigration, but support for a burka ban is two steps back.



 In her speech, Merkel said, "The full veil is not appropriate here... It does
not belong to us." While discussing the issue over the summer Merkel said "from
my standpoint, a fully veiled woman scarcely has a chance at full integration in
Germany." It feeds extremists' narrative of a culture clash between Islam and
the West, seeming to validate their propaganda and thereby undermining long-term
security interests.



 Merkel's speech also demonstrates how the toxic rhetoric of far-right parties
is pulling more mainstream parties to the extremes. Although Merkel has
previously expressed her disapproval of burkas and seemed to support a partial
ban--and the vague "wherever legally possible" language does little to
illuminate her position--her spotlighting this issue is clearly a response to
political trends. Since the debate this summer, she has been heavilyly
criticized for her welcoming refugee policy, and her party has suffered
significant setbacks in recent elections while far-right parties have made
gains.



 Far-right parties and movements in Germany capitalize on people's fears
associated with the refugee crisis. The Alternative for Germany party (AfD) has
an expressly anti-Islam, anti-immigration platform, including support for the
burka ban. The far-right, xenophobic movement PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans
against the Islamization of the West) appeals to fear by spreading the narrative
that Western culture and values will be compromised by the arrival of Muslims.



 In 2016, the Pew Research Center reported that 61 percent of Germans thought
that refugees would increase the likelihood of terrorism in the country. Another
survey in 2016 found that 41 percent of respondents agreed with the statement,
"We should not allow ourselves to be overrun by migrants." The far right has
both capitalized on these views and fueled their spread. They have found a way
to communicate to the emotional, fear-driven side of people, which has in turn
shifted mainstream political dialogue.



 This trend of hostility and changing mainstream dialogue is not isolated to
Germany. The United States is recovering from a divisive campaign season marked
by anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant rhetoric and policy proposals. The Southern
Poverty Law Center recorded 867 hate incidents in the ten days following the
U.S. election, including 49 anti-Muslim incidents and 280 anti-immigrant
incidents. Many of the perpetrators have invoked Trump or his campaign slogans.
Mosques in five states in the U.S. have received letters threatening genocide
and praising Trump. The president-elect has apparently mulled the idea of a
"Muslim registry." A Georgia state lawmaker led a short-lived attempt to pass an
amendment that would have effectively banned Muslim women from wearing the
burka.



 In the face of threats to inclusive democracy, Germany's leadership is
increasingly important to Europe and the West as a whole. Political rhetoric
matters, and discriminatory and hateful policies proposed during an election
correlate with hate crimes. Instead of bending to the political winds, Merkel
should explain the moral and humanitarian imperative of her refugee policy,
stressing its benefits to society, and challenge the false, fear-mongering
narratives of the far right.

 Related Blogs

 December 12, 2016

 Congress Starting to Push Back against Russian Interference

 After a public back-and-forth between the CIA and President-elect Donald Trump
over the role of Russian hackers in the U.S. election, a bipartisan group of
senators is calling for an investigation...

 December 06, 2016

 The NSU Trial: The Golden Dawn and Beyond (Part 4)

 By Dora Illei and Zahava Moerdler In this four-part blog series, Human Rights
First is examining the crimes and trial of the National Socialist Underground
(NSU), a neo-Nazi terrorist cell whose...

 December 02, 2016

 NGOs Under Attack in Hungary, Poland, Continue to Adapt

 After the United States presidential election I found myself in despair. I knew
that my country was in store for more threats to NGOs, journalists, and minority
communities than we have faced in...







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Merkel's Burka Ban: How Far-Right Parties are Shifting Political Dialogue

LENGTH: 1067  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: International Human Rights Organization has issued the following
news release:



 Last week Chancellor Angela Merkel accepted the nomination for her party, the
Christian Democratic Union (CDU), in hopes of serving her fourth term. Merkel,
who ran unopposed, received 89.5 percent of her party's vote, down from the 96.7
percent she received two years ago. To boisterous approval by party members, she
advocated a ban on full-face veils "wherever legally possible" and promised that
Germany would not allow sharia law to replace German law.





 This stronger language seems to reflect a shift for Merkel, regarded as a
champion of tolerance and compassion for her generous response to the refugee
crisis. She should remain a champion of human rights and stand up to--rather
than give in to--the intolerance and attacks on liberal democracy that are
gripping Europe.



 Bans on the burka or the "burkini," including the one struck down earlier this
year in France, divide society and undermine long-term security interests. They
aren't just counterproductive--they are harmful. They appeal to emotions stoked
by hateful rhetoric and further marginalize Muslim communities and Muslim women
in particular, who experience discrimination in different ways than Muslim men.



 Muslim women are rarely consulted in this process, and when they speak out,
their concerns are ignored. Women who wear the burka in countries where they are
banned are often forced to stay at home, and Muslim women wearing religious
attire become increasingly vulnerable to hate crime. The ban undermines several
human rights, including freedom of religion and expression, the right to
participate fully in society, the right to movement, and the right to equality
and non-discrimination, both on the basis of religion and gender.



 Moreover, the ban sends the message that Germany is not a country for Muslims,
something that alienates the Muslim population already in Germany and will do
serious damage to its attempt to integrate the 1.3 million refugees who have
arrived in Germany since 2015. Germany has taken strides to assert itself as a
country of immigration, but support for a burka ban is two steps back.



 In her speech, Merkel said, "The full veil is not appropriate here... It does
not belong to us." While discussing the issue over the summer Merkel said "from
my standpoint, a fully veiled woman scarcely has a chance at full integration in
Germany." It feeds extremists' narrative of a culture clash between Islam and
the West, seeming to validate their propaganda and thereby undermining long-term
security interests.



 Merkel's speech also demonstrates how the toxic rhetoric of far-right parties
is pulling more mainstream parties to the extremes. Although Merkel has
previously expressed her disapproval of burkas and seemed to support a partial
ban--and the vague "wherever legally possible" language does little to
illuminate her position--her spotlighting this issue is clearly a response to
political trends. Since the debate this summer, she has been heavilyly
criticized for her welcoming refugee policy, and her party has suffered
significant setbacks in recent elections while far-right parties have made
gains.



 Far-right parties and movements in Germany capitalize on people's fears
associated with the refugee crisis. The Alternative for Germany party (AfD) has
an expressly anti-Islam, anti-immigration platform, including support for the
burka ban. The far-right, xenophobic movement PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans
against the Islamization of the West) appeals to fear by spreading the narrative
that Western culture and values will be compromised by the arrival of Muslims.



 In 2016, the Pew Research Center reported that 61 percent of Germans thought
that refugees would increase the likelihood of terrorism in the country. Another
survey in 2016 found that 41 percent of respondents agreed with the statement,
"We should not allow ourselves to be overrun by migrants." The far right has
both capitalized on these views and fueled their spread. They have found a way
to communicate to the emotional, fear-driven side of people, which has in turn
shifted mainstream political dialogue.



 This trend of hostility and changing mainstream dialogue is not isolated to
Germany. The United States is recovering from a divisive campaign season marked
by anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant rhetoric and policy proposals. The Southern
Poverty Law Center recorded 867 hate incidents in the ten days following the
U.S. election, including 49 anti-Muslim incidents and 280 anti-immigrant
incidents. Many of the perpetrators have invoked Trump or his campaign slogans.
Mosques in five states in the U.S. have received letters threatening genocide
and praising Trump. The president-elect has apparently mulled the idea of a
"Muslim registry." A Georgia state lawmaker led a short-lived attempt to pass an
amendment that would have effectively banned Muslim women from wearing the
burka.



 In the face of threats to inclusive democracy, Germany's leadership is
increasingly important to Europe and the West as a whole. Political rhetoric
matters, and discriminatory and hateful policies proposed during an election
correlate with hate crimes. Instead of bending to the political winds, Merkel
should explain the moral and humanitarian imperative of her refugee policy,
stressing its benefits to society, and challenge the false, fear-mongering
narratives of the far right.

 Related Blogs

 December 12, 2016

 Congress Starting to Push Back against Russian Interference

 After a public back-and-forth between the CIA and President-elect Donald Trump
over the role of Russian hackers in the U.S. election, a bipartisan group of
senators is calling for an investigation...

 December 06, 2016

 The NSU Trial: The Golden Dawn and Beyond (Part 4)

 By Dora Illei and Zahava Moerdler In this four-part blog series, Human Rights
First is examining the crimes and trial of the National Socialist Underground
(NSU), a neo-Nazi terrorist cell whose...

 December 02, 2016

 NGOs Under Attack in Hungary, Poland, Continue to Adapt

 After the United States presidential election I found myself in despair. I knew
that my country was in store for more threats to NGOs, journalists, and minority
communities than we have faced in...







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                           September 25, 2016  Sunday

Free Public College: Utopian No More

BYLINE: Angus Johnston

SECTION: THE CHRONICLE REVIEW; Opinion

LENGTH: 843  words

ABSTRACT

Free public higher education is no longer a laughable idea. #ThanksObama

FULL TEXT

The higher-education landscape has changed dramatically in the eight years of
Barack Obama's presidency, but one notable shift that he helped bring about has
gone almost unnoticed: the mainstreaming of the idea of free public college.

Student activists have been calling for free public higher education for decades
- and for decades, such demands were widely seen as utopian, even ridiculous. At
the annual summer meetings of the United States Student Association, or USSA,
the group's stance on free higher education was endlessly debated, with
opponents arguing that to embrace a position so far from political reality could
only marginalize the organization. Now, however, the Democratic nominee for
president finds her own support for nearly free public college derided by many
liberals as a half-measure and a craven compromise.

How did we get here?

[[relatedpackage align="right" item_limit="3"]] Half a century ago, when USSA's
predecessor embraced the concept for the first time, free higher education was
having a moment. A significant number of public and private institutions were
already charging no or nominal tuition, and the Students for a Democratic
Society slogan, "a free university in a free society," while not targeted
specifically at tuition policy, reflected a broad desire to break down all
barriers to access. When New York State held a constitutional convention in
1967, it adopted a provision mandating the establishment of "a system of free
higher education for the benefit of all the people of the state." (The language
was struck in a last-minute reversal.)

But the '60s would prove the high-water mark of the free-college idea. Economic
crisis in the '70s stretched state budgets thin, while the success of activist
campaigns to expand access to higher education raised the cost of providing it.
As poor people enrolled in college in growing numbers, support for free higher
education collapsed. (The City University of New York, which had been free since
the 19th century, established an open admissions policy in 1970. Six years
later, it began charging tuition.)

In the decades that followed, states across the country disinvested from public
higher education, with more and more of the cost of college falling on the backs
of students (and on federal financial-aid budgets). With tuition rising every
year, advocates for higher-education access turned their focus to slowing the
rise in student costs. When even halting increases seemed beyond reach, the idea
of free higher education struck many as utterly fantastical.

In 2008, Obama's sole proposal to expand access to higher education was a tax
credit tied to community service - a modest idea. Almost immediately after Obama
assumed office, however, the ground began to shift. Campus protests against
tuition hikes in California drew turnout not seen since the '60s, and the
activists' tactics inspired students across the country. When total student debt
hit the $1-trillion mark in 2012, it made national headlines.

[[pullquote quote="Obama helped mainstream the idea of free public higher
education." align="left" size="half-width"]] In the first six years of his
presidency, Obama took an incrementalist approach to addressing rising tuition
and student debt. But in early 2015, he took a bold stand in support of free
community college - or, as he framed it in that year's State of the Union
address, making "two years of college ... as free and universal in America as
high school is today."

Obama's proposal, which owed much to policies enacted by Tennessee's Republican
governor the previous year, has critics among both liberals (who worry, among
other things, about diverting students away from four-year colleges) and
conservatives (who see it as a new budget-busting entitlement), and it has not
yet been taken up by Congress. But similar initiatives have since been put in
place in Oregon, Minnesota, and various localities, and are being considered in
other states.

At least as significant, Obama's stand has helped throw open the doors to a far
broader discussion of tuition policy. Sen. Bernie Sanders made free public
higher education a centerpiece of his insurgent campaign for the presidency, and
Hillary Clinton, after running on "debt-free" college during the primaries, has
now endorsed free college for students and families with incomes of up to
$125,000. Clinton's embrace of Obama's free community-college plan was so
uncontroversial as to pass nearly without notice.

Free higher education, long dismissed as a pipe dream, is now a part of
mainstream, bipartisan public discourse. On the national and state level, the
fight to make and keep public colleges tuition-free will be central to struggles
over education policy during the next presidency and beyond. And on campus,
student activists have gained a powerful new rhetorical weapon in their
campaigns against tuition hikes, for higher-education access, and even, perhaps,
for a more student-centered university.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Barack Obama walks with Bernie Sanders through the Colonnade
for a meeting in the Oval Office.
MANDEL NGAN, AFP, Getty Images
No Longer a Fantasy 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Voter disfranchisement - then and today

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 709  words


They "disfranchised us, and now we intend to disfranchise them."

It sounds like what North Carolina Republicans might have said behind closed
doors while they were gerrymandering legislative and congressional districts to
assure their party's continuing dominance.

However, the words came from a white Democratic state senator more than 100
years ago. Legendary historian C. Vann Woodward used the quote to show the
thinking behind the white supremacy political movement in the late 1800s.

Both efforts, the post-Reconstruction "disfranchisement" and the 2011
redistricting, reduced the influence of African Americans in state government.

What made me think about the link between these two events, separated by more
than 100 years?

First, an early reading of an upcoming biography of Josephus Daniels by Lee
Craig reminded me of the Democratic Party's successful efforts to minimize or
eliminate African American influence in North Carolina politics at the turn of
the last century.

Secondly, talking recently to a Democratic former state legislative leader, I
suggested that Republicans had gone much further in redistricting to marginalize
opponents than Democrats ever had. He smiled, and said, "Oh no, we would have
done as much [after the 2000 census] if we had had the tools and hadn't had
Republican judges looking over our shoulders."

Was there an element of revenge in the modern Republicans' gerrymandered
redistricting plan? It was certainly there in post-Reconstruction politics. Here
is more of Woodward's quote: "One main object was [so] to redistrict the state
that for the next ten years not a Republican can be elected to the
Legislature...I believe in the law of revenge. The Radicals disfranchised us,
and now we intend to disfranchise them."

As Reconstruction came to an end, white Southerners blamed all their political
problems on newly enfranchised blacks and their Republican or Radical allies,
which they called "the Negro problem."

"The Democrats employed a variety of devices to diminish the Republican vote,"
according to Michael Perman in "Pursuit of Unity: A Political History of the
American South." "One tactic was to redraw electoral districts so as to disperse
black voters throughout the white-majority districts and consolidate the
remaining black vote into one, perhaps two, congressional seats. Through similar
gerrymandering schemes, they also diluted the black vote for the state
legislature."

In North Carolina during early post-Reconstruction times, black areas were put
into separate governing units, which were controlled by the white
Democratic-controlled state government. Meanwhile, white areas were given "home
rule," the power to govern locally.

These efforts to limit black participation were marginally successful. But they
did not prevent blacks and Republicans, joined by white Populists in a Fusion
partnership, from taking over state government in 1896 and dismantling many of
these white-control devices.

In response, white Democrats mounted the successful white supremacy campaigns of
1898 and 1900 that finally "solved" the Negro problem by freezing blacks almost
completely out of the electoral process.

In today's North Carolina, the Republican program to disperse blacks and
Democrats into Republican districts and crowd the remainder into a very few
districts has been, like the white supremacy campaign, successful in minimizing
African American influence.

With the shift from a Democratic majority in the legislature and the results of
new redistricting plan, African Americans have gone from being a powerful
minority in a majority party to a powerless majority in a minority party.

The warning a supporter gave to a new female African American legislator says it
best. "[Y]ou're going into a war where you are a minority in every sense of that
word. Not just because you're a woman, not just because you're black, but
because you are one of the few Democrats."

D.G. Martin hosts "North Carolina Bookwatch," which airs Sundays at noon and
Thursdays at 5 p.m. on UNC-TV. For more information or to view prior programs
visit the webpage at www.unctv.org/ncbookwatch

This week's guest is Bland Simpson, author of "Two Captains from Carolina: Moses
Grandy, John Newland Maffitt, and the Coming of the Civil War."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                               May 3, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Time for House to act on tenure Lawmakers need to reject union scare
tactics and give nod to bill that ties teacher evaluation to student academic
growth.

SECTION: Pg. A-21

LENGTH: 523 words


The ferocious fight over a teacher tenure bill moves to the state House today,
where opponents will try to portray it as a costly and hasty measure drafted
with little input from teachers.

Such objections are merely a smokescreen designed to obscure the fact that the
state's largest teachers' union has been in the loop for months and their input
has led to significant changes to the bill.

Apparently, that isn't enough. It isn't enough, we suspect, because Colorado
Education Association leaders never were truly willing to be a partner in
reform. They were just acting the part.

But now that Senate Bill 191 has attracted the support of three former governors
and Gov. Bill Ritter, as well as Dwight Jones, Colorado's commissioner of
education, and a significant number of state legislators, it's becoming a real
threat. It was easier for the CEA to marginalize it when it was merely the brain
child of a freshman state senator, Michael Johnston, D-Denver.

SB 191 would restructure the way in which K-12 teachers get and keep tenure. It
would tie half of a teacher's evaluation to the academic progress of that
teacher's students.

A teacher would need three consecutive years of evaluations in which they were
rated effective to get tenure. And a teacher with two consecutive years of
"ineffective" evaluations would lose tenure.

It would recognize teachers who succeed, and provide help for those who need
improvement. And, if a teacher cannot or will not improve, it gives school
districts a way to move them along. Principals also would be evaluated under the
bill.

It is the kind of game-changing reform that is necessary to begin addressing
some of the vexing problems in education. One of the most influential factors in
improving achievement is a terrific teacher.

We hope state representatives take the time to look carefully at the substance
of SB 191. It is not an anti-teacher bill. It is not a hasty measure. It was not
drafted without CEA input. And despite what the CEA might say about it being a
huge unfunded mandate, the fiscal note on the bill pegs the cost at $480,000
over two years. If the state wins Race to the Top money, it will cover those
costs.

The teachers' union has contributed to approximately 20 changes in the bill,
Johnston tells us, including a lengthening in the implementation timeline and
inserting an appeals right for teachers.

The bill represents a dramatic change from the status quo, in which teachers
either receive or do not receive tenure after three years of employment. Now,
tenure is a virtual lifetime guarantee of employment.

The bill is expected to be heard today in the House education committee, where
we suspect it will get a rigorous hearing as it did in the state Senate.

We hope those legislators who are on the fence take the time to learn the
details of the bill, the months-long process of consultation and the amendments
made in order to address concerns.

This bill isn't the answer to all of our education ills, but there is a reason a
consensus of policy makers and education leaders have come together to support
the bill: It's good policy and it's good for Colorado's schoolchildren.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 24, 1995, Sunday

GULF YAWNS BETWEEN BLACKS, JEWS

BYLINE: By GENE MUSTAIN With research by Peter Edelman and Jack Begg

SECTION: News; Pg.  18

LENGTH: 906 words


Kwanzaa, a seven-day holiday observed by many blacks, begins Tuesday a day after
the eight-day Jewish holiday Chanukah ends.

Kwanzaa celebrates unity; Chanukah celebrates a miracle.

These days, blacks and Jews in New York need some unity but it appears only a
miracle would make it happen.

With the unity they once showed in the civil rights movement long gone, it would
have to be the kind of miracle required to save a marriage on the rocks
something to get over the slights, betrayals and suspicions.

But the use of anti-Semitic slogans by some blacks in the protests preceding the
Dec. 8 arson fire that killed eight in Harlem has driven the former partners
deeper into their separate corners of the New York house.

For Jews, the slogans were the latest examples of a dangerous trend among some
blacks to scapegoat Jews as the boot that oppresses them and keeps them at the
bottom of the economic ladder.

For blacks, the effort by some Jews to portray the fire on 125th St. as proof of
group racism when it was really one man's dementia and a few others' hate and to
use the tragedy to marginalize black leaders is deeply offensive.

"Leaders in both communities need to engage one another right now about how to
reverse this process," says Diane Steinman of the American Jewish Committee.

Groups like A Partnership of Faith in New York City, an alliance of religious
leaders, are trying to do that, but the complexity of the landscape makes it
difficult. But maybe it would help if both sides cherished their group identity
a little less and looked at their disputes as the result of a bigger conflict
between haves and have-nots.

"The friction on 125th St. is a symptom of the economic inequality that exists
in our society among the races," says Robert Gentile, executive director of the
partnership. "Inequality is the problem."

It's difficult to attack an economic system, easy to attack an individual.

If the owner of the burned-out department store that wanted to expand into a
black-owned record store had been Korean or Arab, the hateful slogans would have
been different as they were when blacks boycotted a Korean grocer in Flatbush,
Brooklyn, a few years back.

In New York, the gulf between haves and have-nots features more potential for
conflict between blacks and Jews than blacks and others.

New York, with 1 about million Jews, is the biggest Jewish metropolis in the
world. With about 2 million blacks, it is nearly the largest black city.

For reasons rooted in the two peoples' terrible but different legacies, Jews
have achieved a disproportionate amount of civic wealth and power.

"If we deal with the power equations more effectively, maybe we can dampen the
wild frustrations out there," says Shaykh Abd'Allah Latif Ali, an official of
the Islamic Leadership Council.

An aggravating factor today is that many blacks feel they are slipping further
behind. Many recent studies show that over the past two decades, only society's
top tier has advanced economically; the middle class remains stuck, but for the
poor, things have gotten worse.

In New York, the disparities are on everyday display. When mixed with flammable
ingredients like resentment and grievance, they can be explosive.

In 1991, in Crown Heights in Brooklyn, all it took was an accident, rumors and a
few haters to produce four days of rioting, a murder of a Jewish student by a
black mob and a political crisis that changed the course of city history. But
economic disparity does not excuse hate or race-baiting, and most blacks who are
as familiar as Jews with the cruelty and crudity of racial stereotyping
recognize the power of hateful speech to produce violent acts.

"All of us should know that we need civil discourse, and that violent rhetoric
has an impact," said Canon Fred Williams of the Church of the Intercession in
Harlem.

But for many blacks like Williams, the rhetoric of 125th St. is part of a
climate for which blacks such as Louis Farrakhan who called Jews "bloodsuckers"
and Leonard Jeffries who called Jews "skunks" are not solely responsible.

They can't forget the white cops who stood outside City Hall in 1992 and yelled
slurs because a black mayor, David Dinkins, was pushing a cop-reform idea.

Many blacks also think Dinkins' successor, Mayor Giuliani, stoked the fires when
he recently called Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat a terrorist murderer and
booted him from a city-hosted United Nations party attended by other former
terrorists, including Jewish ones. Many blacks identify with Palestinians as a
subjugated people. They once identified with Jews in the same way.

But the civil rights movement became a liberation struggle that blacks thought
they should shape and lead. Then, Israel gave military aid to South Africa as
U.S. Jews qualified their support of affirmative-action programs.

Then, in 1984, the Rev. Jesse Jackson called New York "Hymietown" and the split
was on. Many blacks found it hard to denounce him; he was one of them.

Now, back on 125th St., many blacks won't criticize the Rev. Al Sharpton for
referring to the owner of Freddy's as a "white interloper" and tolerating
anti-Semitic statements on his radio show.

The unity is with the group. A miracle bridge over the gulf is not in sight. But
maybe people should pray for one.

Happy Kwanzaa, New York. Happy Chanukah. And Merry Christmas, too.


LOAD-DATE: December 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BUDD WILLIAMS DAILY NEWSIN MEMORY: At Freddy's Fashion Mart on 125th
St., site of inferno, woman lights incense as memorial to victims.

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           November 3, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The republic will survive this, too

BYLINE: The Gazette

SECTION: EDITORIAL / OP-ED; Pg. A26

LENGTH: 514  words


The U.S. presidential campaign, the second in a row to go down to the wire, was
marred by attack ads, conspiracy theories, insults and allegations of vote
fraud. It ended yesterday with planeloads of lawyers awaiting deployment, like
so many paratroopers waiting for D-Day.

The wearying two-year process has left many people, in the U.S. and around the
world, in despair about American democracy. For decades, wrote reporter Matt Bai
in Sunday's New York Times magazine, Democrats ''have never missed an
opportunity to tell poor and minority voters that the system was trying to
exclude and marginalize them; Republicans have been equally fervent in telling
white voters nothing the federal government does ever benefits them." The
result, he claimed, is that "neither side trusts in the integrity of elections."

This apocalyptic alarm, like John Kerry's claim this is "the most important
election of our lifetime," reveals an ignorance of history. This might be
Kerry's most vital election, but they all have urgent issues, and loud rude
voices.

People who worry about dishonest ads and vote-stealing aren't wrong, but they
shouldn't panic. U.S. politicians have been lambasting and cheating each other
immoderately for 220-some years, and still the republic stands. Current
invective seems downright bland by historical standards:

James Buchanan was called ''a bloated mass of political putridity." Harry Truman
called Richard Nixon a "no-good lying bastard ... if he ever caught himself
telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in."

Former president Franklin Pierce said Abe Lincoln, seeking wartime re-election
in 1864 , was "to the extent of his limited ability and narrow intelligence the
willing instrument for all the woe which has come upon the country and for all
the degradation, all the atrocity, all the desolation and ruin." Could Michael
Moore craft a sentence like that? In that same campaign the Democrat, George
McLellan, called Lincoln, a "well-meaning baboon." A popular song (Ma, Ma,
Where's my Pa, Gone to the White House, Ha, Ha, Ha) accused Grover Cleveland of
having an out-of-wedlock child - a serious charge in 1884.

Nor was 2000 the first time Americans went to bed unclear on the winner. In
1960, Chicago Mayor Richard Daley stole Illinois, and so the White House, for
John F. Kennedy, by ballot-box stuffing. In 1876, Samuel Tilden got 300,000 more
votes than Rutherford Hayes, but political conniving gave the White House to
Hayes. The republic survived.

(Canadians who mock the U.S. system as unfair should remember first that our
leader got less than 37-per-cent voter support last June 28.)

Americans have been electing their leaders for 200 years. Certainly they could
do it better - this year's provisional ballots are a recipe for trouble. The
whole process, which is run by the states, certainly needs an overhaul. And when
will they find an unquestionably reliable voting machine?

But the system is robust. After 2000, the Supreme Court's final verdict was
accepted, riots did not break out, the republic went about its business. So it
will again.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 10, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Education Dept. Urges Colleges to Rethink Questions About Criminal Records

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE SAUL

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 704 words


The Obama administration is urging universities and colleges to re-evaluate how
questions about an applicant's criminal history are used in the admissions
process, part of an effort to remove barriers to education, employment and
housing for those with past convictions, in many cases for minor crimes.

Education Secretary John B. King Jr. released a ''Dear Colleague'' letter to
universities and colleges on Monday along with a guide, ''Beyond the Box:
Increasing Access to Higher Education for Justice Involved Individuals.'' Among
the guide's recommendations is a suggestion that colleges consider delaying
questions about criminal records until after admissions decisions to avoid a
''chilling effect'' on potential applicants.

Noting that an estimated 70 million Americans have some form of criminal record,
Mr. King said people who have been involved with the criminal justice system
''continue to face significant hurdles in obtaining access to higher education
or career training.''

Most universities ask questions about an applicant's criminal record as part of
the admissions process. Requests for this information have increased in the past
decade or so after several high-profile instances of campus violence.

The Department of Education's announcement, in a telephone news conference with
reporters on Monday, came amid growing concerns that admissions questions
marginalize black applicants. A body of statistical evidence has emerged showing
that black teenagers are singled out for disciplinary action in school, and
stopped and arrested by the police at higher rates than other ethnic groups.

In a separate announcement on Monday, representatives from the Common
Application, used by more than 600 colleges, announced that the fall 2016
application would include a revised question about criminal history. Previously,
the Common Application asked students whether they had been convicted of a
felony, misdemeanor or ''other crimes.'' The reference to ''other crimes,''
deemed ambiguous, will be omitted.

The Common Application has also begun a review to determine whether additional
revisions of its questions about criminal history and past school discipline
questions should be made for the 2017 application, said Aba Blankson, its senior
director.

The State University of New York said Monday that its 64-campus system was
already reviewing its practice of asking about criminal histories. A resolution
by the SUNY student assembly, adopted in March, called for removal of such
questions, citing research indicating that they discouraged prospective students
from applying, and that there was no evidence that admitting those with criminal
histories improves campus safety.

Mr. King also said Monday that there was no evidence that such application
questions deterred campus violence.

Janet Napolitano, the president of the University of California system, said in
the news conference with Mr. King that the university's 10 campuses did not
include such questions because they are ''not relevant to the evaluation of an
individuals' qualifications for study.''

The Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, an advocacy group, said this
year that it was conducting an inquiry of colleges and universities that asked
what it considered particularly intrusive questions on their applications,
including questions about arrests without convictions.

The ''Beyond the Box'' guide also recommends:

Clearly informing potential students as early as possible in the application
process about how to respond to questions about their criminal pasts.

Ensuring that such questions are narrowly focused, avoiding overly broad
requests about criminal history.

Giving all prospective students an opportunity to explain criminal justice
involvement and their preparedness for postsecondary study.

Providing training for admissions officers and counselors on the effective use
of criminal history data.

The Education Department's initiative follows other Obama administration efforts
aimed at reversing policies that limit the opportunities available to people
with criminal records. The administration warned landlords this year that they
cannot impose blanket bans on tenants with criminal convictions.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/10/us/us-urges-colleges-to-rethink-questions-abou
t-criminal-records.html

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

We want to know how you'd change attitudes toward addiction

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 308 words


We want your ideas for how to address Maine's opiate epidemic.


The Bangor Daily News is hosting the One Life Project at 5:30 p.m., Wednesday,
May 4, at the Cross Insurance Center in Bangor. There, people will answer
questions to come up with specific steps to ease the opiate epidemic.


Sen. Angus King will speak. The Bangor area Community Health Leadership Board
will review and potentially pursue some of the ideas that come out of the
evening.


We want as much input as possible, so we're starting to gather ideas now. Below
is one of several questions. (Find the rest here.) Send us your answers, big and
small.


We expect to run out of room, so please register soon:


Powered by Eventbrite


Changing culture


For a long time, our culture has regarded people with addiction as wrongdoers.
That's a problem because it can actually prevent people from seeking or
receiving the help they need.


We tend to marginalize people who have developed a substance use disorder or are
at risk of developing one. Students who have used drugs may be kicked off sports
teams, suspended or expelled. Landlords may be less likely to rent to someone
with a history of drug use. Employees may be reprimanded, terminated or simply
not hired.


It is reasonable to hold someone accountable for hurting others, but isolating
that person may make him or her even more likely to use, and make recovery
harder.


One study, for example, found youth were more likely to use marijuana after
being suspended for pot use. It also found they were less likely to use pot
after discussing its effects with a teacher.


Family members of those experiencing addiction may also feel the effects of
stigma. They may struggle in silence, feel shame or a sense of failure, or not
know where to turn. There are few options for families to receive support or
outreach.


So, what should we do about all this?


//

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

We want to know how you'd change attitudes toward addiction

BYLINE: Erin Rhoda BDN Staff

LENGTH: 308 words


We want your ideas for how to address Maine's opiate epidemic.


The Bangor Daily News is hosting the One Life Project at 5:30 p.m., Wednesday,
May 4, at the Cross Insurance Center in Bangor. There, people will answer
questions to come up with specific steps to ease the opiate epidemic.


Sen. Angus King will speak. The Bangor area Community Health Leadership Board
will review and potentially pursue some of the ideas that come out of the
evening.


We want as much input as possible, so we're starting to gather ideas now. Below
is one of several questions. (Find the rest here.) Send us your answers, big and
small.


We expect to run out of room, so please register soon:


Powered by Eventbrite


Changing culture


For a long time, our culture has regarded people with addiction as wrongdoers.
That's a problem because it can actually prevent people from seeking or
receiving the help they need.


We tend to marginalize people who have developed a substance use disorder or are
at risk of developing one. Students who have used drugs may be kicked off sports
teams, suspended or expelled. Landlords may be less likely to rent to someone
with a history of drug use. Employees may be reprimanded, terminated or simply
not hired.


It is reasonable to hold someone accountable for hurting others, but isolating
that person may make him or her even more likely to use, and make recovery
harder.


One study, for example, found youth were more likely to use marijuana after
being suspended for pot use. It also found they were less likely to use pot
after discussing its effects with a teacher.


Family members of those experiencing addiction may also feel the effects of
stigma. They may struggle in silence, feel shame or a sense of failure, or not
know where to turn. There are few options for families to receive support or
outreach.


So, what should we do about all this?


//

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

Michael Sam And The Liberal Media

BYLINE: Steve Cornell

SECTION: P; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Here we go again. Liberal media is relentless about keeping homosexuality in
headline news. What would have been left to gossip magazines not too long ago,
is now considered worthy of front-page attention. The machine is in overdrive to
praise college athlete Michael Sam as an example of courage for admitting that
he prefers sex with men. Did we really need to know about his private sexual
desires?

Even our president and first lady were quick to publicly congratulate the
athlete as an example of courage. While our military, who sacrifice greatly for
our freedoms, receive form letters, a gay athlete gets personal tweets of
praise! Is there something wrong with this picture?

And, once again, those who take a different view on the morality of Michael
Sam's sexual lifestyle will be demonized as bigoted hatemongers who belong to a
Neanderthal fringe group of radical right-wing fundamentalism. Who takes this
stuff seriously? I'll personally expect the same barrage of emails accusing me
of anything from being a closet homosexual to a Bible-thumping spreader of hate
(who, as a pastor, should only be spreading love and acceptance).

Some will even accuse me of keeping homosexuality in the news! This sad response
has become so predictable that it strains credulity. The malicious plan behind
it is to marginalize people like Chick-fil-A and Duck Dynasty supporters as
racists for turning out by the hundreds of thousands in support of traditional
marriage.

But the truth is that this issue has absolutely nothing to do with race.
Rational people see through the manipulation of falsely comparing the kind of
sex people want with the racial identity of others.

Imagine 30 years ago a reputable news agency giving headline attention to the
courage of an athlete for telling the nation that he prefers sex with men. Of
course, some would like us to believe that current knowledge should lead to a
more progressive view of sexuality. Yet there's not a bit of credible,
compelling information to treat homosexual desire as an unalterable condition of
birth.

This is an agenda to exalt and normalize the kind of sex a person wants based on
the absolute rule of individual desire. Yet it's a disservice to society to
remove sexuality from a category of human choosing based on creation of humanity
as male and female.

Perhaps some of my readers take the view that what people do sexually in the
privacy of their lives is not anyone else's business as long as it's legal. Fair
enough. Don't splash it on the front page. If you take the privacy view, you
should know that radical gay activists are determined to make their sexual
desires your business by demanding your celebration of same-sex lifestyles.

I firmly reject all mistreatment of people who struggle with sexual or gender
identity, but I also disagree with those who tell such people that God created
them to be homosexual.

Many years ago, a college student came to me for counseling about same-sex
attraction. He said that other counselors encouraged him to accept it as how he
was made. But he told me that he couldn't accept it no matter how hard he tried.
He also admitted that no matter how many laws or people supported homosexuality,
it wouldn't diminish his inner turmoil. I refused to be one more cruel voice
sending him off into hopelessness.

Instead, I recommended a compassionate alternative by encouraging him to join
fellow strugglers who battle temptations in a context of grace and truth. I
invited him to join others in discovering the freedom in living by God's grace.
Although my struggles are not the ones he experienced, I assured him that I,
too, battle temptations. We all do.

Our churches must work harder to become communities of redemption and
restoration, and the gospel is "the power of God" (Romans 1:16) that will shape
us.

People are free to pursue homosexual lifestyles and to reject the validity of
such communities. But I'm also free to disagree with their choice. Neither
should be impugned as hateful bigots.

No matter how much media groups and radical judges try to change society, I
believe the view I take here represents the majority in our country and in
Lancaster County. It's also the view of true love and compassion for all people,
without discrimination.

Steven W. Cornell is senior pastor at Millersville Bible Church. He also is a
correspondent for Lancaster Newspapers Inc. Email him at
s.cornell@millersvillebiblechurch.org

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Cornell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              June 13, 2016 Monday
                                CA CHASE EDITION

For the LGBT community, fear, concern - and pride

BYLINE: Natalie DiBlasio, @ndiblasio, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 552 words


John Paul Brammer, 25, of New York City woke up Sunday to his roommate crying
hysterically.

The deadliest shooting spree in U.S. history had just taken place at a gay club
in Orlando. Even more wrenching: It happened during LGBT Pride month, which
arose from violence against LGBT people.

For Brammer, a gay man, the reality was a variation on the vision that reels
through his head daily. "Today feels like being inside the darkest place in the
dark cloud that is always hovering around queer people," Brammer said Sunday. "I
am afraid. I am always afraid. When I get dressed, when I leave my house, when I
say something, I think, 'Will I be attacked for this?'"

Police said a heavily armed assailant opened fire at Pulse nightclub, a club
that was hosting a Latin Night celebration. The gunman, identified as Omar
Mateen, 29, killed 50 people before being shot and killed by police.

While officials said Mateen pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, the
motivation of the shooter continued to be under investigation by the FBI.

No matter the motive, members of the gay community stood in solidarity with the
victims of Sunday's carnage in Orlando. A number of cities across the U.S. held
solemn vigils at Sunday Pride events, including San Francisco, Phoenix,
Charlotte, Portland, Nashville and Atlanta.

"Throughout history, the LGBT community has been under assault -- both physical
violence and political attacks by those who want to marginalize us," San
Francisco Supervisor Scott Wiener, who is gay, said in a statement. "We mourn
those who perished in this terrible tragedy, and we recommit ourselves to fight
for peace, acceptance and equality."

The tragedy was not far from people's minds at the DC Pride festival in the
nation's capital. While firetrucks sprayed water onto people and multiple stages
played music, tables and stands at the festival were accepting donations on
behalf of Orlando's LGBT center.

Pepper Mashay, 63, from Los Angeles, a singer and dancer who performed at the
opening night in D.C., said she hopes the response to the shooting will not only
spread awareness about violence against LGBT people but also address the issue
of gun violence in general. "When I was at the park yesterday, you had religious
fanatics lambasting our community. You're putting hate and anger into people,"
Mashay said.

Nick Wieland, 25, who was also attending the Washington festival, said he hoped
"this increases the conversation around violence against the community."

Isis Rose, 30, saw it more starkly: "It illustrates undeniably ... what we're up
against. People dismiss this issue or say it's about the little things. But this
is survival."

Chandler Bryla, 24, of Orlando, says the tragedy is going to shape how the whole
country reacts to Pride. "Everyone is going to be on edge now. ... But I think
it is going to empower our community."

For Brammer, the violence is proof that the world he so desperately wants to
believe is becoming more accepting of LGBT rights is still a very dangerous
place. Maybe he is right to worry about the clothing he puts on his body or the
bars he chooses to frequent. Maybe. But his pride feels more important than his
safety.

"If we let this man turn our pride into grief, we've lost something. He's taken
something from us," he said.

Contributing: Ryan Miller in Washington

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Ryan Miller, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 18, 2016 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

3 ballot eorts aim at who draws districts

BYLINE: Joey Bunch

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 710 words


Voting rights activists displeased with a ballot measure that would change the
way Colorado draws up maps for U.S. House and state legislative districts are
now offering up two new ballot questions of their own.

The competing reforms, their supporters say, are aimed at ending the dogfight
that happens every 10 years over the boundaries for Colorado's U.S. House
members and 100 legislators. Which neighborhoods are included in a district can
give an advantage to one party over the other based on demographics and voting
history.

Initiative 122 would create a commission to redraw congressional districts, and
Initiative 123 would establish a separate commission to shape legislative
districts after every 10 year census.

Recently introduced, the measures present a direct challenge to another ballot
measure, Initiative 107, announced in November, that would create a 12 member
commission of four Democratic appointees, four Republican and four members who
are from minor parties or have been unaffiliated from a major party for at least
a year. The commission would handle both congressional and legislative
boundaries.

The new measures would both feature nine member commissions that would each
include three appointed Democrats, three Republicans and three unaffiliated
members.

Critics of 107, including former Denver Mayor Wellington Webb, characterized it
as a Republican driven scheme to marginalize the voting strength of minority
communities, despite the provision to involve of an equal number of Democrats in
the plan.

In 2011, 2001, 1991, 1981 and 1972, the final map making decision involved the
courts after the legislature and governor could not reach agreement.

The biggest difference between Initiative 107 and the two newer proposals is who
appoints commission members.

In 122 and 123, the legislature would appoint four members to each panel. The
governor would appoint two each, and the chief justice of the state Supreme
Court would name three members on each panel.

Under 107, the legislature would appoint 10 members and the governor would
appoint two.

"That's politicians protecting politicians, the fox guarding the hen house,"
said Rob DuRay, program director for civic engagement for New Era Colorado, a
left leaning organization that trains young people on getting involved in public
policy.

DuRay submitted the official paperwork to get the newest initiatives on the
ballot. All three proposed initiatives would need the signatures of 98,492
registered voters to make in onto the November ballot.

Backers of Initiative 107 think the new proposals were simply put forward to
complicate signature gathering for their initiative and possibly keep it off the
ballot.

"They're playing games. They're posturing, and that's unfortunate," said former
Colorado House Speaker Frank McNulty, who supports Initiative 107, along with
former Republican Gov. Bill Owens and former Democratic Gov. Dick Lamm, among
other officeholders from both parties.

DuRay denies that, but he acknowledged that his initiatives don't have a
campaign budget or, as of yet, a firm coalition of organizations to help collect
signatures.

He said initiatives 122 and 123 just offer advantages over 107, including more
public input, he said.

"If we're going to fix our current system, we need to default to more citizen
involvement," he said.

While 107 has public hearings for preliminary maps, the public doesn't have much
involvement after that, DuRay said.

While all the proposals say commission meetings would be open and responsive to
public records laws, the newer proposals add a requirement for all hearings to
be streamed on the General Assembly's website and for accepting public comment
over the Internet.

Elena Nunez, executive director of Colorado Common Cause, said all three
proposals need more work. While Common Cause nationally supports the concept of
citizen redistricting commissions, she thinks all three measures are still too
vague.

She favors a system with the most public input possible, but thinks the three
need to work on how appointments are made to minimize partisan political
influence.

"I think they present an opportunity to have a conversation about reform, and
that's exciting," Nunez said.

Joey Bunch: 303 954 1174, jbunch@denverpost.com or @joeybunch

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

How to right the GOP ship;
After watching Barack Obama win re-election on Tuesday, Republicans will be
pointing fingers for a while. But already, partisans and commentators are
considering a few broad lessons about what they need to do differently going
forward, Adam Radwanski writes

BYLINE: ADAM RADWANSKI

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; U.S. ELECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 585 words


RE-EXPAND THEIR MAP

Even when polls showed Mitt Romney matching Mr. Obama in popular support, he was
known to face the tougher path to victory. That's because Democrats had locked
up enough electoral college votes that they only needed a few battleground wins
to put them over the top.

Many of the states that are now considered reliably blue - including Washington,
Connecticut and even California - were frequently painted red through the 1970s
and '80s. And some, such as New Mexico, were going red as recently as 2004.
Getting back in play in some of those places is easier said than done. But the
alternative is perpetually facing an uphill battle.

GET LESS WHITE

Pivotal to competing in more states is making inroads with fast-growing
immigrant communities. If that doesn't happen, the Republicans' map will shrink
even further. Florida, which Mr. Romney narrowly lost this time, could become a
new Democratic stronghold. And states that are still safely Republican, such as
Arizona, could slip from their grasp.

At times during this campaign the Republicans tried to tackle this challenge by
trotting out party stars such as Florida Governor Marco Rubio and (successful)
senate candidate Ted Cruz. They're going to have to start taking more
substantive measures, including changing the perception that they favour
punitive immigration policy.

MARGINALIZE VOICES THAT SHOULD BE MARGINAL

Most political parties have radical voices on their fringes; few of them have
given them as much of a platform as the Republicans in recent years. From a
Senate candidate publicly pontificating on "legitimate rape" to birther
conspiracy theorist Donald Trump sharing a stage with Mr. Romney, it caught up
with them.

Building a big-tent party is a noble goal, but it doesn't work when the people
you invite in are scaring others away. That certainly seemed to be the case this
election, with female voters in particular abandoning the Republicans in droves.

With the defeat of Mr. Romney, seen by some of the faithful as too much of a
moderate, the hard-liners will try to strengthen their grip on the party.

But if they don't get more disciplined, the Republicans will keep handing gifts
to their opponents.

IMPROVE THE GROUND GAME

With a polarized electorate limiting the number of undecided voters, making sure
your would-be supporters cast ballots is increasingly the focus of campaigns.

While impossible to know how much get-out-the-vote machines impacted election
results, the Democrats' narrow wins in just about every battleground state
validated predictions their operations were superior.

Sasha Issenberg, a Slate journalist, has detailed how Democratic operatives have
combined "large-scale survey research" with "randomized experimental methods" to
gain an edge in voter targeting. It appears the Republicans have a lot of
catching up to do.

BE MORE POSITIVE

The Republican National Convention in August was a joyless affair, and a telling
one. Unexcited by their candidate, unable to agree on a brand of conservatism,
party members were only able to paper over their differences because of shared
antipathy toward the President.

The Republican campaign proved mostly oppositional, with the party seemingly
making the mistake of believing dislike of Mr. Obama was deep and widespread
enough to get Mr. Romney elected.

Mr. Obama's campaign was vicious in its attacks on Mr. Romney. But he was able
to offer some sense of optimism. The next Republican nominee will need to do
more of that.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 09, 2012



CORRECTION: Marco Rubio is a Florida senator, not governor. Incorrect
information appeared Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 7, 2012 Friday

Betty flack in age suit

BYLINE: Dareh Gregorian

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 181 words


Betty White's book-publishing golden girl says she was treated like an old bag
by her bosses.

Marilyn Ducksworth, the longtime head of Penguin Group's public relations, says
she was forced out because of her age - despite her unparalleled success, which
included getting the beloved 90-year-old TV actress and author face time in the
Oval Office with President Obama.

In papers filed in Manhattan Supreme Court, the 56-year-old Ducksworth, who has
handled p.r. campaigns for Tom Clancy, Maureen Dowd, Ken Follett, Goldie Hawn
and White, says she found herself in the cross hairs of the publishing giant's
president, Susan Kennedy, beginning last June.

Kennedy "began a campaign to marginalize Ducksworth and other older, long-term
members of Ducksworth's staff," the filing says.

That included ordering Ducksworth to can one longtime employee for a minor
infraction, overruling her on hiring decisions, cutting two of her staffers'
salaries by more than 30 percent and reducing her responsibilities.

Penguin said that Ducksworth resigned and that it does not discriminate.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Smoke and the City: Heat and Light

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 668 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Too Much of a Good Thing'' (editorial, Feb. 5):

The City Council should be applauded instead of chastised for extending
smoke-free protections to parks, beaches and pedestrian plazas. Places where New
York families go for recreation and relaxation should be free from toxic
secondhand smoke.

While New Yorkers smoke at a rate far below the national average, health studies
have shown that far higher percentages of New Yorkers have evidence of
secondhand smoke in their bodies. We are a crowded city. Extending these
restrictions to shared spaces is good for the health of city residents and
visitors.

So-called nanny-state objections have arisen every time the city has extended
smoke-free protections to workplaces, restaurants and bars, and hospital
entrances. But they quickly became widely accepted norms, as will these new
safeguards. When was the last time you heard anyone bemoan the lack of
smoke-filled offices and restaurants?

Sheelah A. Feinberg Executive Director New York City Coalition for a Smoke-Free
City New York, Feb. 7, 2011

To the Editor:

As a lifelong New Yorker, I have never seen a mayor, with the approval of City
Council members, be so invasive in our lives. They marginalize groups of people
they feel should not be doing certain things -- eating fattening and unhealthy
foods, drinking soda or smoking cigarettes -- in the last case, imposing bans on
an activity that is legal.

Why are we allowing the government to tell us how to live? Should that not be an
individual choice?

Aaron Weinstein New York, Feb. 5, 2011

To the Editor:

I read with surprise your stance opposing the new nonsmoking initiative of Mayor
Michael R. Bloomberg and the City Council. As a chronic asthmatic, I would
dearly love to walk through Central Park without sharing the noxious fumes
emanating from smokers' cigarettes. Public places should be free of clouds of
unhealthy toxins hovering in the air.

I have way too often been forced to run the gantlet in and out of buildings
through smoky mazes of the huddled nicotine addicts who congregate there. Yes,
smoking should be banned there, too.

Smokers are free to puff away in their homes, in their automobiles and in most
outdoor spaces.

Richard J. Leimsider Manalapan, N.J., Feb. 5, 2011

To the Editor:

You praise earlier laws banning smoking in private establishments (like
restaurants), but then claim that the city government has overreached by banning
smoking in public areas (like parks).

By that logic, the government can legitimately regulate the air quality in
private spaces, but does not have authority over the air quality in public
spaces. It seems that the earlier ban, not the later ban, was the case of
government overreach.

Jerrod Anderson Washington, Feb. 5, 2011

To the Editor:

''Too Much of a Good Thing''? Who has ever had too much clean air?

The City Council wasn't acting on a whim when it enacted a law banning smoking
in parks, beaches and pedestrian plazas; it was acting on the science that says
secondhand smoke is dangerous, even outdoors.

Times Square is, as you write, the ''crossroads of the world'' and a ''vortex of
tourism,'' making it the perfect place to implement pace-setting public health
policy to fight cancer. If that's too much of a good thing, then we'll take it.

Donald Distasio Chief Executive Officer American Cancer Society of New York and
New Jersey New York, Feb. 7, 2011

To the Editor:

Re ''Council Passes Smoking Ban for City Parks and Beaches'' (news article, Feb.
3):

The recently announced ban on smoking removes public facilities from use by over
15 percent of the city's population. This group pays taxes that support these
facilities, including each time a smoker buys a pack of cigarettes.

There should at the very least be designated areas for smokers within these
public places, or a requirement that smokers be a certain number of feet away
from other people.

A certain portion of society should not be prevented from using public
facilities they help pay for.

Joan McClusky New York, Feb. 4, 2011

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY MARK PERNICE)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 26, 1999, Friday

GROUP SEZ CUT TALKS WITH RUDY

BYLINE: By JOHN MARZULLI, FRANK LOMBARDI and MIKE CLAFFEY With Chrisena Coleman
and Lisa Rein

SECTION: News; Pg.  8

LENGTH: 483 words


A day after Mayor Giuliani agreed to meet with black leaders, a coalition of
prominent minority leaders including the Rev. Al Sharpton, Rep. Charles Rangel
and ex-Mayor David Dinkins called for a moratorium on further meetings.

The black leaders said they have planned a solidarity conference for tomorrow to
issue demands for reforming the Police Department, and do not want individuals
pushing too many agendas.

The group, according to an organizer who asked not to be identified, is
concerned that the mayor has begun meeting with individual minority officials,
including Manhattan Borough President Virginia Fields, to "marginalize" Sharpton
and other supporters of his street-protest tactics over the Amadou Diallo
slaying.

"We should speak with one voice," said City Councilwoman Margarita Lopez
(D-Manhattan), a member of the Council's Black and Hispanic Caucus.

The behind-the-scenes maneuvering came as 219 demonstrators including actress
Susan Sarandon and former Rep. Floyd Flake (D-Queens) were arrested at the daily
protest in front of Police Headquarters. A contingent of about 40 off-duty cops,
meanwhile, staged a counter-protest in support of the four officers under
investigation in the fatal shooting of Diallo, an African immigrant.

The two groups were separated by barricades and about 200 uniformed officers,
the heaviest police presence yet in the 14 days of civil disobedience in which a
total of 793 people have been arrested.

The off-duty cops were booed and jeered by demonstrators with cries of "KKK!"
and "You redneck bastards!" The cops remained silent for the most part but
carried signs saying, "Police Officers R People 2" and "Stop the Cop Bashing."

Sarandon said she showed up to denounce "racial profiling." "I don't think we
want to be made safe at the expense of our civil liberties," said the star of
"Thelma & Louise."

The protesters included a large group of Episcopal ministers, parents of people
who have died at the hands of police and a contingent of Korean-Americans.

Giuliani was circumspect yesterday about with whom he was willing to meet.

"If they want a meeting, we'll talk about it," the mayor said. "We'll decide
whether or not it's worthwhile having that meeting because it can accomplish
something. In some cases I'll say yes, in some cases I'll say no."

The mayor continued to speak dismissively about the protesters, despite the
arrest of Flake, one of his most prominent black supporters.

"The pile-on protesting is more for the purposes of the people that are doing it
than to really legitimately claim that the public is going to learn much more
than is already learned," the mayor said.

Flake insisted that the protests serve an important function. "The message we're
sending is this is a major issue, and that it's not something we should allow to
be marginalized or minimized," he said.


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANDREW SAVULICH DAILY NEWS OFF-DUTY cops counter-protest yesterday in
support of four officers being investigated in death of Amadou Diallo. SUSAN
WATTS DAILY NEWS ACTRESS Susan Sarandon yesterday at Police Headquarters rally
protesting Diallo shooting. She was arrested.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     January 19, 1998 Monday Final Edition

Paying the toll on the information highway: Pressures on Internet service
providers may mean the days of cheap access are numbered

SOURCE: The Spectator

BYLINE: David Akin

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. B1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 1961 words


Five years from now -- perhaps even sooner -- you'll marvel at the good old days
of the late 1990s, when Internet access was cheaper than electricity and
millions of people across Canada could afford to plug into the global network of
computers.

Looking ahead to the first few years of the next millennium, it seems unlikely
that consumers will have it this good when it comes to Internet access, as
prices begin to rise and new policies are put in place that may make the good
old days of mindless casual Internet surfing too expensive for most people.

Already, pressures are building within the industry that may increase the cost
of Internet access for both home and corporate users. A new multi-tiered
structure for pricing is also starting to take shape with those who can afford
it getting reliable, quick Internet access while everyone else has to queue up
for a slower hit-and-miss information highway.

"The consumer prices of (today) are not a positive business model," said Barbara
Ells, an industry analyst Zona Research of Silicon Valley.

"Internet service providers are looking for techniques to offer to increase that
price."

CRUCIAL ISSUE

The cost of Internet access service is a crucial issue for the Canadian economy.
Just as cheap electricity and water costs once attracted foreign investment and
helped Canadian firms compete in global markets, so will the reliability and
cost of Canada's telecommunications and data network infrastructure affect the
ability of Canadian firms to compete in new knowledge industries.

There are also a host of social policy issues. If Internet access is priced
higher and service depends on the amount the end user can pay, it may
increasingly marginalize the information underclass, the working poor, for
instance, who can't afford a computer, let alone higher Internet prices.

It may also become too expensive for educators, libraries, aboriginal bands, and
others who derive a net social, rather than economic, benefit from reliable,
complete Internet service.

Canada already has an enviable position in the world with the lowest average
cost of Internet access of any other country in the world. Canadian Internet
access is about two-thirds the cost of access in the United States and about one
quarter the cost of access in some European countries like Germany, Portugal,
Austria and Ireland.

Still, those in the business agree that the cost of Internet access in Canada is
likely to get more expensive, not less.

"The price (this year) to the end user might be stable or go up a bit," Ron
Kawchuk, president of the Canadian Association of Internet Providers, said in a
recent telephone interview from his Mississauga office.

Several factors can influence the price that an Internet service provider, or
ISP, decides to charge for access.

Competition is one of the strongest influences. Because it's relatively cheap to
start up a small Internet access business, the industry has new players every
day, ready to offer ever cheaper access rates to the consumer.

On the other hand, the industry also has a high turnover rate. In the past 18
months, the industry in both Canada and the U.S. has had plenty of mergers and
takeovers. There have also been plenty of business failures, prompted largely by
fickle consumers who are ready to quickly take their business elsewhere if
someone offers a better price or better service.

The cost of an ISP's raw materials is another factor influencing end-user
prices. One of the fundamental costs for firms that supply both corporate and
residential Internet access are the fees charged by the large firms who supply
access to the Internet backbone. The backbone is the connection of
high-bandwidth wires and cables that connect major nodes or centres on the
network.

"There are essentially getting to be fewer and fewer backbone players ... so
there's less competition and they can control pricing better. In terms of
providing service to end users, there are more players and more competition.
It's kind of a funny balance," said Charles Whaley, an Internet industry
researcher at Evans Research of Toronto.

UUNET Canada Inc. is one of Canada's major backbone providers as well as
provider to end users.

Its connection to the backbone is made up of a handful of large data pipes that
connect Vancouver with Seattle and Montreal and Toronto with Washington. UUNET's
backbones to the United States, where most Internet traffic originates, can
carry 335 megabits of information per second. That's a tremendous amount of
carrying capacity but, as UUNET Canada's vice-president of marketing Richard
Cantin said, it's only going to be enough for a short period of time.

"We will always need more but we will always be getting more," Clantin said.

UUNET, like Canada's other backbone providers which include Sprint Canada, Bell
Global, AT&T, and Fonorola, is regularly investing in infrastructure
improvements, building new fibre links across Canada and to key international
junctions.

To support the new networks and efficiently handle the traffic, backbone
providers also have to invest in expensive switching and routing equipment.
Those investments are factored into the prices that backbone providers charge
large corporate clients and Internet service providers.

RAISING PRICES

In the U.S., Sprint Inc. of Kansas City, Mo., recently announced its intention
to raise the price it charges for the use of a T3 line. In some cases, the price
increases effectively double the amount some American ISPs and large corporate
clients are paying for Sprint's T3 service. (Sprint Canada is not owned by
Sprint U.S. but by Call-Net Enterprises, a publicly traded Canadian firm.

As a result, the decisions Sprint U.S. makes are not automatically implemented
in Canada. In fact, while Sprint Canada executives weren't available to comment
for this story, a public relations officer said Sprint Canada has no plans at
this time to raise its backbone prices.)

T3 is a term used to describe the type of line that connects an ISP to the
Internet backbone. A T3 line can carry about 45 megabits of data per second.
ISPs may also have one or more T1 connections. A T1 carries about 1.5 megabits
(1.5 million bits) per second.

By comparison, the average home modem has a maximum carrying capacity of about
28,800 bits per second.

The cost of those high-speed T1 and T3 lines can be anywhere from $4,000 to
$10,000 a month depending on the number and quality of the lines.

The Sprint U.S. decision to raise prices was made because many of its
competitors were already at the higher price point and because demand for
Internet bandwidth is now beginning to outstrip demand.

In Canada, the situation is a little different.

On Jan. 1, new CRTC regulations took effect that eliminated some of the controls
placed on Bell Global, one of the major backbone suppliers in the industry.

Bell Global, owned by the Stentor alliance of Canadian phone companies, was
restricted by the CRTC as to the prices it could charge while some of its
competitors were not.

In lifting the restrictions, Bell Global now has more freedom to offer more
competitive prices. In places where a corporate client or ISP can choose between
Bell Global and other backbone providers, the new competition may result in
downward pressure on prices while simultaneously putting pressure on the various
industry players to invest in infrastructure improvements and keep its network
as good or better than its competitor's.

"There's got be expansion of the infrastructure development," said Dave Cairney,
general manager of Burlington Network Services.

Oddly enough, though, ISPs and backbone providers are finding that price alone
is frequently not the most important factor when it comes to choosing a firm to
supply Internet access.

Many customers are willing to pay for infrastructure improvements through higher
prices, recognizing that it is to their own benefit if the Internet works faster
and more reliably.

UUNET's Cantin said the large corporate clients and ISPs who need T1 and T3
lines can be divided into two groups.

The first are those who are shopping for the high-speed service for the first
time. For those people, price is the top priority.

But in order to offer the lowest price package, a firm may have to sacrifice
reliability or put the client into a service that has many other clients. With
more clients drawing on a single information pipe, access speeds can be slower.

For some corporate clients, that's not a problem but, increasingly, a reliable,
fast network is becoming vitally important for many firms. Those firms are
willing and able to pay a premium price for such a premium service.

In putting together pricing packages for the cost of T1 and T3 lines that ISPs
and large corporate clients use, new structures are starting to be implemented
by backbone providers.

Just as Ontario Hydro will offer discount electricity rates to large corporate
firms who can draw down power at off-peak hours, some firms are coming up with
ways to alter the rates they charge for Internet access depending on the time of
day the information pipes are used or the amount of data that is moving through
those pipes.

Some firms have different pricing schedules depending on the geographic distance
that data has to move. If a firm needs to use the international gateways from
Canada to Washington, it may pay more than firms who are moving data between
Montreal and Toronto.

Indeed, customers often initiate negotiations on these points, as they realize
it may be more efficient for them to pay just for what they use, rather than a
single flat fee for unlimited use of varying degrees of reliability.

This kind of micro-pricing has been made possible by improving technology in the
switches and routers that manage the network. Network managers can now identify
and track the millions of packets of digital data that flows through the
info-pipes every day.

Residential users, too, may one day see a multi-tiered structure. The technology
already exists to offer micro-pricing although it may not yet be economical, in
terms of increased overhead and paperwork for smaller ISPs, to move away from
the single flat-fee model.

In California's Silicon Valley, one firm, Netcom, is already aggressively
marketing itself to home users as a provider of premium Internet access service
in which the price is based on a variety of usage factors.

There are other developments in the United States, as well, that could sharply
raise Internet use there. Some of the telephone companies are petitioning the
American equivalent of the CRTC, the Federal Communications Commission, to be
allowed to implement a per minute surcharge on Internet use. Already, some U.S.
phone companies have extra charges on extra phone lines in the home.

Their rationale is that Internet traffic is using up a growing percentage of the
U.S. communications network and that surcharges are required to pay for
improvements to the infrastructure to handle that growing data traffic.

So far in Canada, there have been no serious calls for a per-minute surcharge.

Phone companies in many European countries, such as Great Britain, already
implement a per minute charge on all local phone calls, voice or Internet. The
result has been low levels of Internet penetration in those countries.

Because Canadians have historically enjoyed relatively cheap local telephone
service and cheap Internet access, Canada is one of the most wired countries in
the world and its citizens are among the most active in new knowledge-based
industries.

The challenge for Canadian policy makers and industry entrepreneurs will be to
fairly share the cost of maintaining that kind of global leadership.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Photo illustration by Peter Haentjens, The Spectator
Graphic: 1996 Internet Access costs: Chart lists the average cost in US dollars
of 20 hours a month of internet access during peak hours. Graphic:

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1998 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Department In Cross Hairs

BYLINE: MIKE SALINERO, msalinero@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 539 words


Bill abolishing growth oversight agency clears House committee.

By MIKE SALINERO

msalinero@tampatrib.com

TALLAHASSEE - A bill that would abolish the state's growth management agency
passed a major legislative committee Wednesday but probably won't be supported
by Gov. Charlie Crist.

The bill, supported by developers and opposed by environmentalists, would fold
the functions of the Department of Community Affairs into the Department of
State.

Supporters of the measure say it will shrink bureaucracy by doing away with a
department while keeping most growth management regulations in place.

"This legislation does not ? strip away growth management principles," said
state Rep. Chris Dorworth, a Republican from Heathrow and vice chairman of the
House Military and Local Affairs Policy Committee.

Opponents of the bill, however, say it is a ploy to weaken state oversight of
growth management actions at the local level.

"I think it's a sleeping dog issue," said Charles Pattison, director of 1000
Friends of Florida, a growth management group. "The real effort is to
marginalize the whole process by getting rid of the department and department
secretary."

Crist, asked Wednesday whether he supports the legislation, said, "Probably not,
but I haven't seen the bill."

Business groups such as the Florida Chamber of Commerce praised the bill
Wednesday for sections that streamline approval of land-use changes, extend the
life of building permits by three years, and allow local governments to remove
or reduce impact fees paid by developers without waiting the now-required 90
days.

"We built a regulatory system governed by 1,000 people moving into the state
every day," said Adam Babington, representing the Chamber of Commerce. "Today
we're at zero population growth."

But Tom Pelham, secretary of the Department of Community Affairs, said the
64-page bill would seriously undermine the state's growth management structure
with no improvements in government efficiency.

"It would be demoting it from its status of a department of state government to
a cog in a bigger machine," Pelham said. "I don't think that would improve the
efficiency."

The bill would eliminate state review of local comprehensive plan amendments for
counties with populations exceeding 1 million or cities with more than 100,000
people. That means no state review in Hillsborough, Pinellas, Orange, Broward or
Miami-Dade counties.

Pelham pointed out that his agency stopped Miami-Dade County from expanding its
urban service boundary into the Everglades, a move that would have opened a door
to development in the environmentally sensitive marshes.

St. Petersburg environmental activist Lorraine Margeson said she is trying to
rally hundreds of subscribers to her e-mail list to oppose the bill.

"It's critical that the state has oversight on these issues," Margeson said. "We
have too many county commissions that will light up at the thought of
development money without thinking through what effect these projects will have
on the environment."

Reporter Mike Salinero can be reached at (813) 259-8303.

Photo: Charlie Crist

He says he probably won't back the bill.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LEGISLATURE 2009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Letter: There's a wide world out there, Tribune

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 202 words


I have been a subscriber to The Salt Lake Tribune for more than 48 years, there
may not be a 49th. First the paper was for at least 47 of those years reliably
delivered on weekdays by 6:30 a.m., now by 7 a.m. as I pull out the driveway if
I am lucky. Saturday and Sunday by 7 a.m., now 8 a.m. if I am really lucky. What
good is a morning paper that I cannot read until evening?

Second, the "front page." What the front page of the last two days (June 19 and
20) implies is that nothing of importance is happening anyplace but in Salt Lake
County or in the State of Utah. How can that be? There is a world out there, I
think.

I have heard there is very bad weather that has destroyed a lot of property and
taken lives in the Midwest, but "What do Utahns really pay of health care
coverage" is more pressing and important. "Utah seeking a major state park in
San Rafael Swell" easily tops what is happening in Iraq.

Not a single headline about anything happening outside of Utah and not much
pressing news of the day is what we get on the front page of The Tribune. Why?
Could be that the new agreement with the Deseret News is designed to marginalize
The Tribune into the Salt Lake City Daily?

Bruce Cohne

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           September 13, 2009 Sunday

Baby steps toward a more peaceful world;
A Toronto educator's parenting-for-kids program has morphed into a plan to make
all humanity more empathic. Pie in the sky? Its been working

BYLINE: Debra Black, Toronto Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. IN02

LENGTH: 1571 words


Mary Gordon wants to change humanity by rewiring a child's brain " one child at
a time.

A noble idea, but is it possible?

"Damn right," says the 61-year-old Gordon, who still has a strong Newfoundland
accent despite her many years teaching in Toronto. "It does sound a grandiose
notion, doesn't it? But she believes it works. Otherwise why would she be doing
it, she asks rhetorically.

Whether she is speaking on a panel with the Dali Lama or to students at Harvard
University's John F. Kennedy School of Government, Gordon's theme is the same:
the world will be a better place if children grow up understanding the other's
perspective. There will be no more genocides, no more wars, no more racism or
violence, she declares. She has built what she believes is a road map to achieve
a kinder, gentler humanity.

The mother of two grown children - a boy and a girl - got her start in the field
of education as a kindergarten teacher in Toronto. She went on to set up
parenting and literacy centres in the old Toronto Board of Education.

But it wasn't until she came up with her Roots of Empathy program, an offshoot
of her parenting and literacy work, that she began to see how a simple idea
could transform the world. Her book, Roots of Empathy: Changing the World Child
by Child, has just been published in the United States, following publication
here four years ago. It was a Canadian bestseller, winning praise from the likes
of Fraser Mustard and Michael Fullan of the Ontario Institute for Studies in
Education. Since then she has won the endorsement of the Dali Lama, who has
embraced her program as a way to build world peace. Gordon spoke on a panel with
the Dali Lama in both Vancouver and Seattle in 2006 and 2008.

The buzz then and now: empathy and or compassion. Gordon believes we're facing a
new era " one full of empathy. She's not alone. The Age of Empathy - a new book
published jointly by McClelland & Stewart in Canada and Harmony Books in the
United States - suggests, contrary to popular opinion, man is not in fact
destined to be selfish.

Rather, argues author Frans de Waal, a primatologist based in Atlanta, Georgia,
human beings are group animals who are highly cooperative, sensitive to
injustice and mostly peace loving just like other primates, elephants and
dolphins. He believes human beings may very well be destined to feel for one
another or are "preprogrammed to reach out."

Gordon believes empathy must be nurtured and children coached so they can be
empathetic all the time. Her premise has caught on in Canada and abroad. Last
year in Ontario alone about 20,000 kids learned how to be more empathetic thanks
to Gordon's program. Since its inception in 1996 about 107,200 students in
Ontario have taken the Toronto-based Roots of Empathy program.

Gordon, an Order of Canada winner, presides over a non-for profit charitable
foundation that runs Roots of Empathy, sending instructors to teach the program
as well as train them to teach it in schools. She also has just launched a
centre of excellence within the Toronto District School Board, which will open
its doors Oct. 9. It will serve as a Roots of Empathy laboratory for best
practices and serve as a model for international educators interested in the
program.

Across Canada 55,000 children in nine provinces took the course in 2008-2009.
The program is also taught in the United States, New Zealand and the Isle of
Man. Educators in Brazil, China, Africa and India have also expressed interest
in Roots of Empathy.

As her program has evolved and grown so has her belief in what she's doing.
"Basically the relationships in early life determine your ability to love or
hate, your empathy, all of these things," she explains. "So if we want to build
a caring and peaceful and civil society, we have to look at those capacities in
our children to understand and include and to believe everyone has the right to
belong."

Her program is simple: she takes a two- or three-month-old baby and the mother
and father and puts them in a classroom. The baby and the parents visit nine
times. A Roots of Empathy instructor meets with the class 27 times, looking at
nine different themes.

"The children gather around a green blanket," Gordon explains. The baby is
there, and the parent. They (the children) are coached in observing what's going
on with the baby.

"The baby starts at two to four months - they can barely lift their heads. What
we're trying to do is to help the children get the perspective of the other.
Through the experiential learning through the baby they are learning a whole
vocabulary and fluency around discussing how the baby's feeling."

The children bond with the baby and discuss the critical decisions required when
raising a child amongst themselves, with the help of the instructor. What began
as a kind of parenting course for children has sprung into a program that Gordon
believes rewires a child's brain so he or she is more empathetic.

Research from a University of British Columbia professor and others seems to
back her up. According to a paper by UBC's Kimberley Schonert-Reichl, even three
years after the course, children's aggression and bullying behaviour was way
down and their social and emotional understanding of others remained high.

Gordon believes firmly in what she has learned and witnessed at the kitchen
tables of parents over the years. "We know (that with ) little ones that witness
violence (that) it does something to their hardwiring. The stress that comes
from living in a violent environment when you're little has increased levels of
cortisol which is injurious to the brain and if it stays up for a long time your
thermostat is also set high. It has huge negative outcomes for your physical and
mental health and your capacity to form healthy relationships."

The Roots of Empathy program is given to two age groups. The first program is
geared to children in Kindergarten to Grade 3. The second is targeted to
children in grades 4 to 8. And while the language may be more sophisticated for
the older crowd the message is always the same - empathy.

"I'm seeing the children as the agents of change in the world," Gordon explains.
"The baby is the lever that appeals to their sense of justice. The baby is the
catalyst, if you will, that allows us to have profound discussions about social
justice in Kindergarten or Grade 8."

Gordon believes that "if we are able to influence positively the capacity of
children to take the perspective of the other, and to be able to understand
themselves and find the humanity in one another, we will have children in our
boardrooms and in our war rooms who are empathetic.

"If we do not develop civic capacities for empathy we will never be able to
protect ourselves from the genocides of the future," Gordon says. "If we can
help little children understand the rights and entitlement of everybody to their
square of sand; if we can build the capacity for children to have dialogue that
is respectful, that embraces the perspective of the other, we will have a
different quality of problem solving."

She points to examples from the classroom. Both were told to her by the Roots of
Empathy instructors. In one case, a 6-year-old child who was in the program had
a panic attack on the top of a slide, recounts Gordon. Many of the other
children were waiting to use the slide. They were throwing stones and calling
him names. His best friend, who also took the Roots of Empathy course, went over
to the slide and told the other children to stop and that he was going to help
his friend. He climbed up to the top of the ladder and then put his legs and
arms around his friend and said: "Don't worry, we'll go down together."

In another instance, Gordon tells of a nine-year-old girl who was teased because
she had inexpensive velcro running shoes on. Her best friend heard the teasing
and was heartbroken. She thought all morning about how she was going to help her
friend, Gordon said. Then she asked if she could wear one of her friend's
running shoes at recess. She went out on the playground with odd shoes. "The
message to every child on the plaground or those who heard about what happened:
You make fun of my friend and you make fun of me. And you have me to deal with."

Gordon pauses as if the enormity of the stories hits her for the first time. "I
guess the big idea of trying to change the world child by child is that children
aren't just part of the future. They are 100 per cent of the future. They are
the ones who will determine the quality of existence in the world. They are the
ones who will make the policies to decide whether this is an inclusive world or
not. They are the ones who will decide who we will marginalize and the minute we
marginalize we're looking at war. They are the ones who will dictate the level
of social justice."

And those two children who demonstrated empathy for their friends may very well
change the course of humanity. "It's pretty impressive when you think about it.
Because what we see happening in these classrooms is children being heroic.
Children standing out and taking chances."

Right now that doesn't happen in any old schoolyard, Gordon maintains. More than
likely it's in a school where Roots of Empathy is taught. But one day she's
hoping that children all around the world will think nothing of taking chances
like that - being heroic and empathetic to help a friend and when they are
adults hopefully recast the world.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Rick eglinton Toronto Star Gordon with the new U.S. edition of her
book; "If we do not develop civic capacities for empathy we will never be able
to protect ourselves from the genocides of the future."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

A quest for love -- at any age

BYLINE: Lindsay Friedman, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


May 13--LIMA -- Love isn't just for the young, in fact, it may be something that
becomes more pure with age.

But because of stereotypes, the idea of new love for older generations becomes
more of a punch line than a reality. For this reason, filmmaker and director of
"The Age of Love," Stephen Loring, set out to ask a simple question of today's
retired populations: "What's in your heart?" To find out, the film follows the
humorous and poignant adventures of 30 seniors who sign up for a speed dating
event exclusively for 70- to 90-year-olds in Rochester, New York.

"This is a documentary about real people in the world," Loring said. "Its not a
scripted entertainment. I was plunging into the world of single older adults
without really having any conception of what I would find. It was about all
these people who were kind of searching and felt something was missing in their
life."

That something missing wasn't just companionship, but love and understanding
from someone they could share their life with.

"People just felt they were invisible in the world," Loring said. "It was a
common theme that bodies change but who we are remains the same and who we are,
are individuals that need to be seen and understood by another human being. That
connection is essential despite this idea that there's no opportunity to make
that connection after a certain age and society assumes that its not important
any more. ... It marginalizes people.

"The idea they should be ready to pack it in and enjoy the golden years is in
decline. Its not true. They still want to grow and be seen and have that
connection with someone who understands them, someone in their generation and
create new memories with."

To help spark conversation on the topic and even inspire action by providing an
opportunity for elders to connect, organizations are able to offer a screening
of the film, followed by a speed dating event for the elderly. As one of two
locations in the state screening the award winning film, Primrose Retirement
Community in Lima will offer both a free viewing and a following speed dating
event at noon May 23.

"There are a lot of things that change as we get older, but one thing that
doesn't change is the difficulty many of us have making new friends," said
Jennifer Mills, Primrose sales director. "It doesn't matter if you are 17 or 70,
taking that first step to meet new people is hard. We want to make it easier."

Reach Lindsay Friedman at 567-242-0362 or on Twitter @LFriedman_Lima.

___ (c)2015 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150513-LM-A-quest-for-love-at-any-age-0513-20150513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2015 The Lima News


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            March 21, 2015 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

YOUR VIEWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 747 words


The real meaning of road signs

I got my driver's license without ever taking driver's education. But I have
learned a lot about the meaning of road signs.

A yield sign means speed up so you can squeeze in between oncoming cars. A stop
sign means slow down so those cars that do stop will have time to wait for you.

A 45 mph speed limit sign means you should drive 55 or 60 mph in the right-hand
lanes, leaving the left lane for those going even faster.

A 70 mph speed limit sign means you should drive 85 or 90 in the left lane and
watch out for others going around you so they can go even faster.

? Karen Wagner, Wautoma

Citizen boards key to good government

Gov. Scott Walker wants to eliminate the citizen policy boards in the Wisconsin
Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection and the Department of
Natural Resources. He would replace them with advisory boards stripped of
policy-making authority.

The current boards protect citizen voices and have been an important feature of
open, good government in Wisconsin for many years.

The elimination will centralize power and marginalize citizen input. It is
unclear what problem this proposal is attempting to solve. As recent past
members of the DATCP board, we have powerful recollections listening to the
stories, passion and pain of those who presented their views during open citizen
comment periods.

Citizen policy boards help ensure that regulations and policies of state
government fairly reflect and address grass-roots concerns, regardless of
changing political parties.

Policy boards have authority, by construct of law, to act. They are not in place
simply to offer non-binding opinions at the request of a state agency. The DATCP
and DNR boards have exercised this authority in a highly responsible and
nonpartisan manner, on many difficult issues.

We ask the Legislature to retain the citizen policy boards to protect this
important vehicle for citizen input, and this historic tradition of open
government.

? Dick Cates, town of Wyoming, and Mike Krutza, Wausau

Public schools serve the common good

Every year around tax time, some people ask: "Why should I pay for public
schools? I have no kids there now." Of course they may have forgotten that
others paid taxes for their schooling or that of their relatives.

But the deeper answer is two-fold.

First, equal opportunity, a fundamental human and American value, requires
comprehensive, quality education for all regardless of income.

And second, our interdependence as a local and national community means everyone
benefits from public education. It serves the common good.

Unfortunately, a national movement promoting for-profit private schools has hurt
support for public education, despite some research suggesting forprofi t
private schools are less effective.

In addition, corporate education is not responsible to an elected school board,
but to their board of directors, which is concerned primarily with profits, not
pupils. In some cases, private for-profit schools are not held to the same
standards as the public schools, so accountability and transparency are avoided.

Yes, public education needs help: better teacher salaries, more respect for a
challenging career and smaller classes. But turning the essential democratic
institution of public education over to profit-driven corporations is not the
answer.

? Vincent and Jane H. Kavaloski, Dodgeville

Obama's bracket an error in judgment

Up until now, I've been pretty happy with President Barack Obama. I voted for
him twice and like the way he's handled most issues.

I applauded when he saved GM from bankruptcy, when he signed the Affordable Care
Act, and when he managed to withdraw our troops from Iraq and most of them from
Afghanistan. I also liked his stance on immigration and climate change.

But this week he did something so heinous I am thinking about tearing up all my
pictures of Obama and changing parties.

President Obama picked Arizona to beat the Badgers and go to the Final Four.

How could someone so intelligent make a pick like that? I ask you. Is he trying
to woo the people from the desert state to vote for Democrats? Is he trying to
influence John McCain? Is it just the anger of a Bears fan trying to get even?

Whatever his reason, I am hereby renouncing my support of the president for a
while ? at least until Wisconsin beats Arizona and he has to admit his error in
judgment.

In the future, I urge President Obama to stick to politics and stay away from
the brackets.

? Rick Larson, Monona

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Indiana Lawyer

                                  June 8, 2011

Groups file suits against new law

LENGTH: 295 words


Groups file suits against new law The National Immigration Law Center, American
Civil Liberties Union of Indiana, and the national ACLU Foundation Immigrants'
Rights Project filed a class action lawsuit May 25 challenging the wording of a
new Indiana law designed to curb illegal immi gration. Lewis & Kappes attorney
Angela Adams is among the attorneys representing the plaintiffs who say the law
- Senate Enrolled Act 590 - will allow police to wrongly arrest people and will
penalize immigrants for using their consular identification cards.

Since SEA 590 was first introduced in the Indiana Legislature, people around the
country have drawn comparisons between it and the Arizona law that was
introduced in 2010 as Senate Bill 1070 - which was widely considered to be the
nation's strictest immigration bill. Indiana's bill was revised during the
legislative session to remove language authorizing police to arrest people based
on their appearance.

In the ACLU complaint, Buquer et. al. v City of Indianapolis et. al. No.
1:2011-CV-00708, the plaintiffs contend that a notice of action or detainer is
not grounds for arrest.

In a statement released May 25, Andre Segura, staff attorney for the ACLU
Immigrants' Rights Project, said, "Indiana has unwisely chosen to follow down
Arizona's unconstitutional path. This law marginalizes entire communities by
criminalizing commonly accepted forms of identification. The law also undermines
our most cherished constitutional safeguards by putting Indiana residents at
risk of unlawful warrantless arrests without any suspicion of wrongdoing, much
less criminal activity."

On June 2, the NILC and ACLU also filed suit against a new Georgia immigration
law that outlaws the use of consular identification cards.

- Jenny Montgomery

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                         Copyright 2011 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                 March 20, 2008

D.N.C, N.Y.R.A., N.E.I.

BYLINE: Katharine Jose

LENGTH: 176 words


The co-chairman of the Democratic National Committee's rules and bylaws
committee says they won't seat Florida and Michigan egates without a re-vote.
[Boston Globe]

The N.Y.R.A. agreement is on hold again, because of the change of governors in
Albany. [Daily Gazette]

The New York Canal Corporation is opening the canals to boaters May 1, but on
reduced hours and with reduced staff, in an effort to cut down the budget.
[Staten Island Advance]

In an effort to reassure the public, there will be an independent safety
evaluation at Indian Point. [NEI Nuclear Notes]

Geraldine Ferraro has "no clue" why Barack Obama would include her in his speech
on race. [Daily Breeze]

Former lieutenant govenor Betsey McCaughey writes "Unfortunately, it is almost
always the case that governors marginalize their lieutenant governor." [The Sun]

An estimated 3,000 to 4,000 people showed up at City Hall to protest cuts to the
city education budget. [Lost in the Ozone]

"I don't think they want them" said Ron Paul, referring to the G.O.P. and his
supporters. [Washington Times]

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 20, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Brooklyn Arena Plan Calls For Many Subsidized Units

BYLINE: By MICHAEL BRICK

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 664 words


Trying to build political support for his proposed $2.5 billion sports and
housing complex at the Atlantic Yards in Brooklyn, Bruce C. Ratner, the
developer, signed an agreement yesterday to reserve about half of the rental
apartments for tenants who make less than $100,000 a year.

The agreement, signed with the Association of Community Organizations for Reform
Now, or Acorn, publicly aligns Mr. Ratner with a group known for tenacious
advocacy of the poor, and it publicly commits him to an unusually large
allotment of subsidized housing for a private development project. It also
serves to marginalize his remaining political opponents, residents of the area
who say they will be displaced by his project.

At a news conference announcing the agreement at Brooklyn Borough Hall yesterday
morning, a row of elected officials including Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and the
borough president, Marty Markowitz, joined Mr. Ratner and Bertha Lewis, the
executive director of Acorn, to praise one another in a celebration that
included kisses, hugs and some dancing.

''Don't think of these as subsidies; this is an investment,'' Mr. Bloomberg
said. ''I think it's the greatest example yet of Brooklyn's cultural and
economic renaissance.''

The agreement concerns 4,500 rental apartments, half of them studios and
one-bedrooms and half of them two- and three-bedrooms, in the 13 residential
buildings of the 17 proposed for the project.

Under the terms of the agreement, 30 percent of the apartments, 1,350 units,
would be reserved for families with incomes from $37,680 to $100,480 for a
four-person household paying 30 percent of its income in rent. An additional 20
percent of the apartments, 900 units, would be reserved for families making less
than $31,400 a year. Of that group, 136 units would be reserved for families
making less than $25,120 a year. The other half of the units could be rented at
market rate.

Tenants in the reserved units would have their rent payments subsidized by the
New York City Housing Development Corporation, a state public-benefit
corporation that has the authority to issue tax-exempt bonds.

The corporation plans to use a combination of bonds and reserves from
investments to finance the subsidies, said Carol Abrams, a spokeswoman for the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development. The funds will not be
committed until the developer closes on the project, Ms. Abrams said.

Mr. Ratner's company, Forest City Ratner, is the development partner of The New
York Times for its new headquarters on Eighth Avenue in Manhattan. The 21-acre
project Mr. Ratner has proposed for Brooklyn, to which he intends to bring the
Nets basketball team, faces condemnation proceedings and several reviews,
including a lengthy environmental one. The city and state have each pledged $100
million to the project, contingent on the approvals.

Mr. Ratner still needs to buy the land, which sits atop railyards at the
intersection of Flatbush and Atlantic Avenues, from the Metropolitan
Transportation Authority.

At the news conference yesterday, Mr. Ratner said each building in the project
would have the so-called 50-30-20 mix. He said that he hoped to complete the
first housing units by 2008.

Letitia James, a city councilwoman who represents Fort Greene and Clinton Hill,
tempered her praise for the agreement with Acorn with concerns that the project
was too large to be placed ''in the middle of a low-rise, brownstone
community.''

Brad Lander, director of the Pratt Institute Center for Community and
Environmental Development, said the agreement was a shrewd political move for
Mr. Ratner and a substantive accomplishment for Acorn.

''They're looking to build a broader base of support, in many ways, from a wider
geographic area of Brooklyn, in part to counter opposition from other folks,''
Mr. Lander said. ''It's a fairly transparent strategy, but it's also something
real. Acorn gets a significant amount of subsidized housing.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            July 15, 2009 Wednesday

READY TO 'TEX' IT TO NEXT LEVEL

BYLINE: KEVIN KERNAN

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 71

LENGTH: 498 words


NOTEBOOK

ST. LOUIS -  For the Yankees to be better in the second half, Mark Teixeira must
be a better hitter. That's the word from Teixeira.

"We need to play better," the first baseman said at Busch Stadium before the AL
beat the NL 4-3 last night in the 80th All-Star Game. "I personally need to play
better. I haven't hit well with runners in scoring position."Everyone on the
team expects a lot out of themselves, so we just need to play better."Teixeira
is batting .245 with runners in scoring position.

Teixeira, who went 0-for-3 as the AL's starting first baseman, is confident the
Yankees will get it together. They trail the Red Sox by three games but lead in
the wild card.

"If you go into a game with our lineup, our pitching staff you know you have a
chance to win every single night," he said. "And that's a great feeling."

It has been only half a season, but Teixeira said his decision to sign with the
Yankees was "a great decision. I have not doubted it once. As soon as I made the
decision, I knew it was the right decision because everything fell into place
perfectly."

Teixeira would like to see two changes made in baseball. He would like to see
spring training shortened and the first round of the playoffs lengthened to
seven games.

"It makes no sense to marginalize the first round," he said. "You don't play
three quarters of a football game in the postseason. Just add two games to the
first round."

*

One of the surprise All-Stars is Oakland reliever Andrew Bailey, out of Wagner
College, where he earned a degree in finance. Bailey has succeeded because he
has taken a page from Mariano Rivera's book, using the cutter as his main pitch.
He copies Rivera in every way, watches film, sees how Rivera attacks the hitters
and does the same.

"Just being in the locker room is special," Bailey said.

He had not introduced himself to Rivera before the game. Rivera had not heard of
Bailey, when someone mentioned his name to the Hall of Fame closer.

Bailey started throwing the pitch last year. "I'm just trying to get the pitch
down," Bailey said.

*

Commissioner Bud Selig addressed the Yankees' ticket prices, saying the clubs
have the right to charge what they want, but baseball is aware of the economic
hardships throughout the country.

"Baseball is the cheapest form of entertainment in the country," Selig said. He
then mentioned the high-price of concert tickets.

NEW YORK, NEW YORK

How the Mets and Yankees fared last night:

David Wright - Singled and scored in the second; struck out in the fourth.

Francisco Rodriguez - Pitched a perfect ninth inning with one strikeout.

Johan Santana -  Did not pitch.

Mariano Rivera - Pitched the ninth inning to chalk up his fourth career All-Star
save.

Derek Jeter -  HBP and scored in first inning; grounded out to second in the
third; hit into fielder's choice and

scored in the fifth.

Mark Teixeira - Reached on error in the first; grounded out to first in the
third; grounded out to first in the fifth.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BROKEN DREAM: Mets third baseman David Wright shears his bat in two
while hitting a second-inning single -  he later scored -  in the All-Star Game
in St. Louis last night, won by the American League, 4-3 over the National
League. (EPA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

Local lawmakers present during spat in state House committee

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


Jan. 28--YORK, Pa -- State Rep. Eugene DePasquale, D-West Manchester Township,
said he was talking to state Rep. Scott Perry, R-Carroll Township, before the
big blow-up in the state House Rules Committee meeting Wednesday afternoon.

They were on the House floor, talking about some legislation. House Speaker Sam
Smith said the session was canceled.

DePasquale's caucus met immediately afterward, and their leaders told him and
the other House Democrats to get down to the Rules committee meeting.

What followed was a de facto territorial dispute, punctuated by shouting and
cursing and captured for posterity on several Youtube videos.

Perry, a majority member of the Rules Committee, was present for the spat. And
DePasquale, sole Democratic member of the York County statehouse delegation, was
among the spectators. But both men disagree on the subtext of what occurred.

DePasquale said it represented an attempt to marginalize the Democratic
representatives. Perry argues that Democrats were trying to harass the
Republicans with obstructionist tactics, and Republicans were trying to put a
stop to it.

Whichever side is correct, the full House will vote on measures the Rules
Committee took Wednesday.

Republicans on the Rules Committee voted to cut the number of Democrats on House
committees from 10 to nine. They also voted to allow the House Speaker to table
amendments to bills without them coming up for a vote in the House.

Majority Leader Mike Turzai, R-Allegheny, said the Republicans' actions came in
response to the Democrats filing dozens of amendments to six pending government
reform bills.

DePasquale said he had a genuine amendment, requiring bidders on state contracts
to reveal the political contributions they've made.

Yes, DePasquale admits that members of the minority party will sometimes propose
lots of amendments just to hold up bills they don't like. But it's also part of
the game for members of the majority party to only put their own bills up for a
vote.

When that happens, DePasquale said, the only way for members of the minority
party to get its measures passed is to propose amendments. The new rules would
give the House speaker the power to arbitrarily ditch any of their measures.

"That's about as undemocratic as anything I've heard," DePasquale said.

Perry agrees that under the recently deposed Democratic majority, Republicans
had to introduce legislation as amendments. But he said Republican leadership
offered to change that, making a handshake agreement with Democrats that the GOP
would introduce their proposals as bills in exchange for Democrats not
introducing frivolous amendments.

The six reform measures taken Wednesday had already passed almost unanimously in
the previous session, Perry said. The fact that Democrats abruptly saw the need
to attach dozens of amendments was a sign they didn't intend to live up to their
side of the bargain.

"We're here to do the people's business, and we can't do that if they're going
to be standing in the way," Perry said.

To see more of the York Daily Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ydr.com. Copyright (c) 2011, York Daily Record, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110128-YO-Local-lawmakers-present-during-spat-in-state-House-committee-0128-20
110128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2011 York Daily Record


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                    September 11, 2005 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Old hostilities, inexperience threaten Afghan democracy;
Afghans and outsiders fear that members' religious and ethnic differences could
paralyze a new parliament.

BYLINE: By Jonathan S. Landay; Knight Ridder News Service

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 1008 words

DATELINE: BARAKIBARAK, Afghanistan


The last time Maulvi Qalamuddin held public office, he was the second-in-command
of the religious police who enforced the Taliban's puritanical brand of Islam,
lashing women for not covering themselves and beating men for playing music or
trimming their beards.

After receiving amnesty, the onetime deputy minister of the now-defunct Ministry
for the Prevention of Vice and Protection of Virtue is hoping for a second
chance.

Qalamuddin is one of 2,707 candidates running for 249 seats in the lower house
of Afghanistan's parliament next Sunday. About 12.4 million registered voters -
nearly half of them women - also will choose members of 34 provincial councils.
Those councils will select the members of an upper house of parliament.

The election, which will cost an estimated $149 million, is intended to be the
final phase of Afghanistan's transition to democracy, which was laid down at a
U.N.-sponsored conference in December 2001, after the United States led the
military intervention that swept the Taliban from power.

Buoyed by a successful presidential contest last year and the huge numbers of
candidates and voters who registered for the parliamentary election, U.S.-backed
President Hamid Karzai, the United States and its allies, and millions of
Afghans are hoping that the elections will help heal the religious, political
and ethnic hatreds that have built up during nearly 30 years of war.

They also hope that the elections will marginalize a rejuvenated Taliban
insurgency that has claimed hundreds of lives in the south and east and that
they will allow a gradual withdrawal of 30,000 U.S. and NATO troops.

But some diplomats, independent experts and Afghans worry that the parliament
could be paralyzed by the very political, ethnic and religious differences it is
intended to surmount.

Under the election system Karzai has chosen, candidates are essentially running
as independents, although some of Afghanistan's nascent political parties are
backing certain ones. Many candidates are running on narrow regional, ethnic,
tribal and ideological issues. Winners will likely bring those concerns to the
lower house of parliament, or Wolesi Jirga.

For instance, leaders of the country's Tajik, Uzbek and Hazara minorities are
expected to demand greater shares of cabinet and senior government posts, which
they complain are dominated by majority Pashtuns, Afghanistan's traditional
rulers.

And deep hostility lingers among ethnic and religious groups over atrocities for
which no one has been held accountable.

"The Wolesi Jirga will likely include members that are viewed as illegitimate
among segments of the population, limiting the institution's credibility," said
a July 8 report by the Washington-based National Democratic Institute. "None of
its members will have previous experience in a democratically elected
parliament. Former enemies will be forced to interact with each other in a
formal political institution for the first time."

"Whatever the outcome of the... elections, Afghanistan's democratic future is
far from ensured," warned the institute, a nonprofit group that works on behalf
of democracy.

"Due to three decades of fighting... there will be a big crisis and brawls and
the throwing of chairs in the parliament," Qalamuddin predicted over a breakfast
of flat bread, tea and cookies in his compound in Logar province, about 50 miles
south of Kabul. "These different people and groups will defend their own
interests."

Among the others seeking office are people allegedly linked to the narcotics
trade; former members of the brutal Soviet-backed communist regime; and veterans
of the Islamic guerrilla groups that defeated the Soviets in 1989, then turned
against one another after seizing power in 1992. Thousands were killed in those
conflicts.

Many experts expect that the biggest winners will be the former leaders of the
Islamic guerrilla groups that fought the Soviets.

These candidates are the best financed, and they can count on extensive networks
of former followers.

"They have the power to reach the people, to intimidate people, to give money to
people," complained Mir Ahmad Joyenda, an archaeologist and journalist who
espouses civil rights and is running a campaign for a seat from Kabul with his
own funds. "We will have a weak, fragmented parliament with a very large jihadi
presence."

Lawmakers who have no experience in parliamentary democracy will confront a
daunting workload as soon as they convene. It includes ratifying all of the
executive orders Karzai has issued to run the country since he was inaugurated
in December.

"The Wolesi Jirga will need to elect a chairperson, vice chairpersons and
secretaries; adopt rules of procedure; and make committee assignments," the
National Democratic Institute said. "Under the constitution, the Wolesi Jirga
cannot delay a bill for more than a month, placing an unrealistic burden on a
new institution, which will, in theory, need to review hundreds of pieces of
legislation in a one-month period."

Should potential differences boil over, Karzai would have to use all of his
political acumen to prevent the disagreements from turning the legislature into
a dysfunctional political wrestling ring.

While he seemed to harbor few regrets about the Taliban's excesses, Qalamuddin
appeared to be a changed man from the hard-line senior cleric who helped enforce
bans on women working outside the home and girls going to school.

He said that he would be "the first person to defend women's rights," that he
would seek compromises with political foes, and that he would push negotiations
to end the Taliban insurgency.

But he insisted that Afghans abide by strict Islamic laws. For example, he said,
"Every man needs to have a long beard."

Experts worry that such strong views could lead to paralysis in government.

Nine Afghan soldiers are arrested after a failed attempt

to assassinate the country's defense minister. A16.

Contact reporter Jonathan Landay at 202-383-6012 or jlanday@krwashington.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            December 30, 2011 Friday

Robert Scheer: Working hard to marginalize Ron Paul

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 750 words


It is official now. The Ron Paul campaign, despite surging in the Iowa polls, is
not worthy of serious consideration. According to a New York Times editorial,
"Ron Paul long ago disqualified himself for the presidency by peddling claptrap
proposals like abolishing the Federal Reserve, returning to the gold standard,
cutting a third of the federal budget and all foreign aid and opposing the Civil
Rights Act of 1964."

That last item, along with the decade-old racist comments in the newsletters
Paul published, is certainly worthy of criticism. But not as an alternative to
seriously engaging the substance of Paul's current campaign - his devastating
critique of crony capitalism and his equally trenchant challenge to imperial
wars and the assault on our civil liberties that they engender.

Paul is being denigrated as a presidential contender even though on the vital
issues of the economy, war and peace, and civil liberties, he has made the most
sense of the Republican candidates. And by what standard of logic is it
"claptrap" for Paul to attempt to hold the Fed accountable for its destructive
policies? That's the giveaway reference to the raw nerve that his favorable
prospects in the Iowa caucuses have exposed. Too much anti-Wall Street populism
in the heartland can be a truly scary thing to the intellectual parasites
residing in the belly of the beast that controls American capitalism.

It is hypocritical that Paul is now depicted as the archenemy of non-white
minorities when it was his nemesis, the Federal Reserve, that enabled the
banking swindle that wiped out 53 percent of the median wealth of African-
Americans and 66 percent for Latinos, according to the Pew Research Center.

The Fed sits at the center of the rot and bears the major responsibility for
tolerating the runaway mortgage- backed securities scam that is at the core of
our economic crisis. After the meltdown it was the Fed that led ultra-secret
machinations to bail out the banks while ignoring the plight of their exploited
customers.

To his credit, Paul marshaled bipartisan support to pass a bill requiring the
first-ever public audit of the Federal Reserve. That audit is how readers of the
Times first learned of the Fed's trillions of dollars in secret loans and aid
given to the banks as a reward for screwing over the public.

As for the Times' complaint that Paul seeks to unreasonably cut the federal
budget by one-third, it should be noted that his is a rare voice in challenging
irrationally high military spending. At a time when the president has signed off
on a Cold War-level defense budget and his potential opponents in the Republican
field want to waste even more on high-tech weapons to fight a sophisticated
enemy that doesn't exist, Paul has emerged as the only serious peace candidate.
As The Wall Street Journal reported, Paul last week warned an Iowa audience,
"Watch out for the military-industrial complex - they always have an enemy.
Nobody is going to invade us. We don't need any more (weapons systems)."

As another recent example of Paul's sanity on the national security issues that
have led to a flight from reason on the part of politicians since the 9/11
attacks, I offer the Texan's criticism this week of the National Defense
Authorization Act (NDAA). The act would allow the president to order
indeterminate military imprisonment without trial of those accused of supporting
terrorism, a policy that Obama signed into law and Paul opposes, as the
congressman did George W. Bush's Patriot Act. Paul said:

"Little by little, in the name of fighting terrorism, our Bill of Rights is
being repealed. ... The Patriot Act, as bad as its violation of the 4th
Amendment, was just one step down the slippery slope. The recently passed (NDAA)
continues that slip toward tyranny and in fact accelerates it significantly. ...
The Bill of Rights has no exemption for `really bad people' or terrorists or
even non-citizens. It is a key check on government power against any person.
This is not a weakness in our legal system; it is the very strength of our legal
system."

That was exactly the objection raised by The New York Times in its own excellent
editorial challenging the constitutionality of the NDAA. It should not be
difficult for those same editorial writers to treat Ron Paul as a profound and
principled contributor to a much-needed national debate on the limits of federal
power instead of attempting to marginalize his views beyond recognition.

Robert Scheer is editor of TruthDig.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Earth2Trump Resistance Roadshow, Rallying 5,250 in 15 Cities, Arrives in D.C.

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Arizona Center for Biological Diversity has issued the following news
release:
 The Earth2Trump Roadshow of Resistance has arrived in Washington, D.C., for the
presidential inauguration as the country's biggest, broadest grassroots
organizing campaign focused on resisting Trump's attacks on the environment and
civil rights.





 More than 5,250 people have attended Earth2Trump events in 15 cities across the
country since its Jan. 2 West Coast launch -- including more than 500 in Tucson
and 1,200 in St. Augustine, Fla. over the weekend -- and more than 150,000 have
signed the pledge of resistance. The cross-country tour is sponsored by the
Center for Biological Diversity in coordination with local organizations and
activists.



 "The turnout and energy at these Earth2Trump events have been incredible. We're
arriving in D.C. with the momentum of a major national movement that will oppose
every item on Trump's radical agenda," said Kierán Suckling, the Center's
executive director. "With thousands of newly empowered people on our side, we'll
fiercely resist policies and appointees that hurt wildlife, poison our air and
water, destroy our climate, promote racism, misogyny or homophobia, or
marginalize entire segments of our society."
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            October 2, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Secretive and blabbermouth bosses both create problems

BYLINE: Carol Hymowitz, The Wall Street Journal

SECTION: CAREERS; Pg. D12

LENGTH: 434  words


Toxic bosses come in many shapes and sizes, but two types are almost mirror
images of one another: the secretive boss who withholds information from others
and the blabbermouth who says too much, often spilling confidences.

In both instances, these bosses are preoccupied with their own status and power.
Secretive bosses believe the information they don't share makes them more
important than subordinates and peers, while the blabbermouths think that what
they divulge demonstrates their clout and membership in the inner circle. But
both kinds of bosses hurt their employees' and companies' performance.

"They marginalize and invalidate employees, or manipulate them for their own
advancement and cause them to make bad decisions," says Dory Hollander, a
psychologist and president of WiseWorkplaces, an Arlington, Virginia,
executive-coaching firm.

Dede Haskins, vice-president of enabling technology at Cigital, a Virginia
software professional-services company, says several of the nearly 30 bosses she
has had during her 22-year career were withholders.

"They disable you from being able to be successful," she says.

One boss at a prior employer knew Ms. Haskins had placed a marginal employee on
probation and was moving toward firing him. The boss supported her decision. But
he became enraged when he learned that, on a day when he wasn't at work, she had
gone ahead and dismissed the employee.

"He blew a gasket," she says.

Only then did she learn that the company was about to merge and would have to
cut staff by about 15 per cent.

Her boss had wanted to dismiss the unproductive employee later and save another
person's job, but he hadn't divulged any of this to Ms. Haskins.

"He didn't have to tell me about the upcoming merger, but he should have said,
'Make sure you let me know before you dismiss this employee,''' she says.

"Then he could have asked me to wait a while."

Since then, whenever Ms. Haskins interviews for a job, she tries to gauge
whether a prospective boss is a forthcoming team player or likely to be too
secretive.

Blabbermouth bosses, meanwhile, fall into several categories.

If they are underhandedly competitive, they may spread information that a
colleague has shared confidentially, which may be damaging to the colleague.

They may gossip about other executives and complain about directives they've
been asked to carry out.

Or they may divulge their own career or personal problems.

As a result, employees may think of their boss as a friend rather than the
person who judges their work, and they're more apt to question the boss's
decisions or imitate his or her gossipy behaviour.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

CIAA Championships Announcement

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: Winston-Salem State University has issued the following news release:
 In a meeting held by the 12 members of the Central Intercollegiate Athletic
Association (CIAA) Board of Directors, a decision was reached to immediately
relocate 8 of the 10 North Carolina-based conference championships. Due to time
constraints, particularly as they relate to contractual obligations, the 2017
CIAA Women's and Men's Basketball Tournament will remain in Charlotte as
relocation would not be in the best interest of the membership and its
student-athletes at this time.





 The CIAA's transition, beginning with the relocation of 8 championships, is the
first step in demonstrating that the conference does not support laws which
prevent communities from effectively protecting student-athletes and fans. For
the 2017 Basketball Tournament, the CIAA will focus its resources to enhance the
student-athlete experience in-venue with collaborative efforts aligning with the
Charlotte community to highlight diversity, inclusion, youth education, and
leadership. The Board will continue its discussion on hosting future
championships in North Carolina and whether the tournament will remain after
2017.



 The CIAA Board recognizes that a single decision cannot offer a complete
solution to a law that prevents communities from effectively protecting
student-athletes and fans attending championships and events. The conference
intends to increase its educational efforts to eliminate biases that exclude or
marginalize any human being, regardless of one's race, ethnicity, sexual
orientation, gender, or physical disability. The Board's decision allows the
conference to fight against any measures which prevent the fulfillment of its
mission to foster inclusive cultures for its student-athletes. With the
student-athlete experience in mind, the conference is committed to protecting
all of its championship events.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.info

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday

Sheridan College looking to graduate to university

BYLINE: Louise Brown Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. GT3

LENGTH: 492 words


Sheridan U?

The Oakville college hopes so - with luck, in the next seven years.

For the first time, one of the 24 community colleges created by former premier
Bill Davis as a more hands-on alternative to the Ivory Tower wants to become a
university.

Frustrated by growing demand for its degree programs that Ontario graduate
schools refuse to recognize - most are called "applied" degrees when offered by
a college - Sheridan president Jeff Zabudsky said the school owes it to students
to become an institution that gives its grads the most options.

"We're being driven by student demand for degrees, but I want every graduate to
be able to carry on to grad school if they choose. Currently, they confront many
barriers."

However, some fear the move to a university could squeeze out the students for
whom colleges were designed.

"We have to be sure we preserve the legacy of the colleges. We wouldn't want to
marginalize programs that serve a different set of skills and trades," warned
Professor Peter Dietsche of the University of Toronto, who holds the William G.
Davis Chair in Community College Leadership.

Dietsche said colleges serve many of the groups so under-represented at
university. Nine per cent of college students are aboriginal, 9 to 12 per cent
are disabled and college students reflect a broader range of income than those
at university. "It's uncertain what the impact of such a change would be."

Zabudsky surprised many of Ontario's academic elite this week when he revealed
Sheridan's dream at a conference about the province's pledge to create three new
university campuses directed at undergraduates.

Sheridan wants to be one of those campuses.

"To be honest, we had decided on our journey toward university status before the
government announced the new campuses - but now we're saying to the government,
'You don't have to build three new campuses. We're there already.' "

To join the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada, Sheridan's
degree programs would have to represent more than half of all programming. It
already has nine degree programs, 10 more in development and hopes to have
approval for 28 by 2014. Some 2,550 of its 18,000 students - about 14 per cent -
are in degree programs.

As well, 70 per cent of staff would have to be full-time faculty, which means
hiring more than 200 full-time professors. Sheridan has earmarked $1.7 million
for hiring in each of the next three years to work toward that goal.

Jim Robeson, director of advocacy for Ontario's College Student Alliance, said
he is pleased to see Sheridan making the move, but "we're quite concerned about
the impact this may have on the current college certificates, diplomas and
applied degrees."

Sheridan student Stephanie Kam is taking an eight-month international business
graduate certificate and calls the proposal "absolutely brilliant. It will
broaden the opportunity for students to make the transition from a diploma to
degree program more easily."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jeff Zabudsky, president of Sheridan College, foresees a university in
the next seven years. ANDREW FRANCIS WALLACE/TORONTO STAR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

The Champ and America's 2016 fight

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 637 words

ABSTRACT

Opn

FULL TEXT

An event commemorating the life of a famous American has called out to our
better selves while providing a stark contrast to the current political climate.

The memorial service Friday for Muhammad Ali was one of those moments that
should give pause to partisans on both sides of the raging national debate.

While the memorial had its share of PC and awkward moments - including a Bernie
Sanders-inspired diatribe by a progressive Jewish rabbi that drew loud applause
- the Louisville, Ky., service for the late heavyweight champion also was a
celebration of freedom.

Freedom for African Americans from centuries bowed under the lash of oppression.

The freedom of religion underlying the American compact. Muslims, Christians,
Mormons, Jews, Buddhists and Native Americans testified to how the example of
one man could stand for spiritual values: love, kindness, compassion, humility
and the strength to stand faithfully through physical suffering.

Freedom of laughter and freedom of speech, even from a man whose speech was
taken from him by Parkinson's disease.

And freedom to love and be loved. Ali's final three decades were spent with his
fourth wife, Lonnie, who served as his caregiver and his own champion, to the
very end.

All this to point out that the tawdry political debate over the past year that
has attempted to marginalize many Americans can serve a greater purpose.

With one presidential candidate unqualified, unprepared and temperamentally
unfit to serve in the nation's highest office and the other historic by her
gender but prosaic in her ties to machine politics and moneyed interests, we can
only hope both standard bearers recognize that ignoring the critical juncture
this country is facing could cause deeper unrest if unaddressed.

Perhaps the best comparison would be to 1968, as protests against the very
Vietnam War that Ali refused to engage in, raged through the body politic. A
sitting president, Lyndon Johnson, was forced to step aside from running for
re-election. Amid riots and assassinations, an opportunistic Richard Nixon came
back from the political graveyard to claim the Republican nomination and later
triumph over Vice President Hubert Humphrey in the general election, appealing
to white "silent majority" voters frightened and angry over racial discord and
political anarchy.

We aren't to that point in 2016, but watching the Donald Trump campaign and the
tactics of some Sanders supporters bitter about how they view Hillary Clinton's
locking up the Democratic party nomination, the summer ahead could be a hot one.

We hope, of course, this doesn't happen, that the kind of ecumenical and diverse
tolerance on display Friday in Louisville will triumph over the darker passions
of intolerance, anger and revenge.

Leaders bear an added responsibility to build, not tear down, to inspire and not
to divide. To whom much is given, much is expected.

"Muhammad Ali is America," said President Barack Obama in a letter written for
the service that described how he himself could dare dream of a greater future
because of Ali's example.

Or, as Ali's widow, Lonnie, said, his life and death are an example for America.
From facing down the ravages of segregation to losing the best part of his
athletic life standing up to power, to the final years of sickness and silence,
it was a profound human journey.

Muhammad Ali, as family members and friends testified at the memorial, should
live on as more than a symbol attesting to the 1960s, sports celebrity, or even
the civil rights and anti-war movements of that era. He came to stand for
something far greater than the brash young fighter of many epic battles. The
Greatest learned the lesson that all true servants eventually learn. There is
something far greater to give one's life to than momentary victories, fame or
power.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Obama slams anti-Muslim rhetoric during first visit to US mosque

SECTION: AMERICAS

LENGTH: 290 words


WASHINGTON - US President Barack Obama on Wednesday slammed anti-Muslim rhetoric
and appealed for tolerance for millions of Muslims in the country during his
first visit to a US mosque as president.

"We've heard inexcusable political rhetoric against Muslim-Americans that has no
place anywhere in our country," said Obama in an address at the Islamic Society
of Baltimore, Maryland.

"You have seen too often people conflating the horrific acts of terrorism with
the beliefs of an entire faith," he said, adding that the anti-Muslim rhetoric
started since 9/11 attacks but more recently since the attacks in Paris and San
Bernardino, California.

"We've seen children bullied, we've seen mosques vandalized," said Obama.
"That's not who we are."

Though Obama did not specifically name anyone who, in his words, resorted to
"inexcusable" anti-Muslim rhetoric in the political sphere, White House
spokesman Josh Earnest on Tuesday took a clear jab at some Republicans who he
said with "an alarming willingness" tried to "marginalize law-abiding, patriotic
Muslim Americans".

"It's just offensive to a lot of Americans who recognize that those kinds of
cynical political tactics run directly contrary to the values ... in this
country," said Earnest at Tuesday's briefing.

With the looming threat of the extremist group Islamic State to US homeland
security, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump had recently called for
a ban on all Muslims entering the United States.

Obama's address also came at a time when almost half of Americans think at least
some US Muslims have traces of animosity toward the United States.

According to a new Pew survey released on Wednesday, about 49 percent Americans
think at least some US Muslims are anti-American.


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Mayor regrets posting on blog Renner: Tea Party activist was psychologically
unstable

BYLINE: By Rachel Wells;rwells@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 614 words


BLOOMINGTON - Mayor Tari Renner regrets posting comments on a conservative blog
in which he suggested the political activist who runs the site was
psychologically unstable.

"Your BS will become apparent to anyone not on their meds," Renner said in a
Dec. 21 post to Diane Benjamin of Ellsworth, founder of the McLean County Tea
Party. "Your actions demonstrate that you're clearly not concerned about decency
or truth. Just you're (sic) own ego or some other psychological problem(s)."

His comments followed a post in which Benjamin sarcastically dubbed him "Mayor
Transparency" and said Renner was attempting to "marginalize" Alderman Judy
Stearns <\ who had recently filed a request for review of a closed meeting she
believed violated the Open Meetings Act. In the same post, Benjamin also
repeatedly referred to the closed meeting in question as "secret."

Renner, who on Monday accused Stearns of leaking information to Benjamin,
believes the council was within the law because it discussed specific employees'
performance, which is a legally allowable topic for a closed meeting under the
law, behind closed doors. General information discussed in the meeting, which
was the cause for Stearns' complaint, later was made public.

The Illinois attorney general's public access counselor has asked for meeting
records but has not issued an opinion on the allegation.

"It was obviously not a good idea," Renner said Monday of his comments. "There
was just this stuff over several days - 'you and your secret meeting.' What's
the secret meeting?" he said, noting general information discussed in the closed
session has since been publicized.

Renner said he did not mean to make light of mental health issues, but "I'm
trying to call a spade a spade in the case of Diane Benjamin."

Benjamin said she was "shocked" to read Renner's comments. "It was very
inappropriate. ... The overall tone was just condescending," she said.

Benjamin said she's an acquaintance of Stearns, but "she doesn't tell me
anything that's secret. ... In this case, she turned to me and gave me an email
Tari sent to her."

Stearns, who supported Renner during his mayoral campaign, said she considers
such emails public, and she filed the Open Meetings Act allegation as a matter
of conscience. To ignore the situation "would have condoned the discussion at
the meeting," she said.

"If you challenge power, you open yourself to being called names or
marginalized. It's the standard way to avoid an honest debate. Frankly, it's a
silencing technique,'" Stearns said. "It behooves a public official to respect
all members of the public, pretty much no matter what."

Despite the storm over her Open Meetings Act allegation, Stearns said she'll
continue to support Renner "when he follows the rules and has the best interest
of the people of Bloomington at heart."

Benjamin's posts on the topic aren't the first to rattle local officials.

Normal City Manager Mark Peterson in November wrote to Bloomington Alderman Rob
Fazzini, who'd been the subject of Benjamin's criticism. The email - which
characterized Benjamin as an "extremist" who uses "fear mongering and
intimidation" - eventually made its way to Benjamin and she posted it on her
website.

Peterson said the email was meant to be private, but he should have been more
careful with his written comments.

Normal Mayor Chris Koos wouldn't say if Renner's comments were appropriate. He
said Benjamin tends to be "very, very critical" and "in the sense that Tari's
angry about that, he has the right to express that anger."

He added that Benjamin's blog makes her "a public figure" and "she should expect
some pushback of people she's very critical of." Diane Benjamin

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tari Renner Diane Benjamin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Pantagraph


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       May 30, 2003 Friday FINAL EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 1585 words

Mares on campaign

Re: 'More insider than thou,' May 25 editorial.


I woke up last Sunday morning to a Denver Post editorial that  labeled me
deceptive, a mudslinger and a wannabe, among other  things. Normally, when I
read an item in the newspaper that  negatively characterizes me or my campaign
for mayor, I am  disappointed, but I make note of the inaccuracies and move on.
But  this editorial stuck with me. This one was particularly accusatory  and
personal.


Later that Sunday, I bought a copy of The New York Times and opened  to the
story headlined, 'Denver Mayoral Election Is a Model of  Civility.' In it was a
description of a mayor's race 'devoid of  rancor, mudslinging and negative
advertising.' I wonder if the  Denver Post editorial board and The New York
Times are watching the  same mayor's race.


The contrast was further highlighted during last Tuesday evening's  9News
debate, when both John Hickenlooper and I were asked to name  what we admired
about each other. He complimented my integrity, my  focus and the fact that I,
in John's words, 'had run a positive  campaign and focused on a lot of the
positives about the city.'


The Post described my seven years in the legislature, where I  fought for
affordable health care, children's education and  security for senior citizens
and characterized my eight years as  Denver's auditor, during which I
streamlined the office to run with  greater efficiency and better service, as
feeding at the public  trough. That description marginalizes and insults not
only me, but  every person who dedicates his or her career and life to public
service.


The Post editorial accuses me of a whisper campaign that questions  how John
Hickenlooper can justify telling Denverites to 'Vote,  baby, vote' when he
missed several of Denver's critical elections  over the last several years. That
is truly deceptive and  irresponsible journalism.


The fact is, I am the underdog in this race. I am behind in the  polls, but
climbing fast. I don't have a bevy of advisors from  Mayor Webb's office in my
campaign, but I have surrounded myself  with some of the smartest, most
dedicated and passionate people I  know.


And I don't have John's fundraising war chest, but I have a broad  base of
grassroots support from people across Denver who cheer me  on with their shouts,
car horns and friendly waves as I run the  city telling people why I want to be
their mayor.


DON MARES


Denver

Redfield plume coverage more damaging than toxins  Re: 'Colorado demands
Redfield interviews,' May 4 news story.

This story omitted important information. My wife and I live in one of the
affected homes. Brown Retail installed a remediation system to our  satisfaction
to correct the contamination. The story also failed to  say that the state
Department of Public Health and Environment had  issued two reports on the
health impacts of the plume. The  department reported no increases in cancer or
birth defects in this  area compared to the rest of the state. Also, the EPA
changed the  action level for dichloroethylene from 0.49 micrograms per cubic
meter to 200 micrograms.


Since the announcement of the Redfield plume, property values in  the area have
increased consistently. More damage can be done to  future property values by
sensationalized reporting than by the  Redfield plume.


JIM BELMEAR


Denver


Editor's note: The state DPHE has retained the lower  dichloroethylene level as
its standard.


---------------------------------------- City's lawsuit doesn't challenge
concealed-carry law


Re: 'Guns: One hit, one miss,' May 28 editorial.


I am writing to address an error in your editorial criticizing, in  part,
Denver's recently filed lawsuit on the subject of firearms  regulation. Your
criticism was based on a mistaken assumption about  the contents of the city's
complaint.


Denver is not challenging the new state mandates on how concealed  handgun
permits must be issued by local law-enforcement agencies.  The Denver Police
Department has begun receiving and processing  applications for concealed
handgun permits according to the uniform  standards and procedures now imposed
on all 64 counties of the  state. The new state mandates will result in more
permits being  issued in Denver and, apparently, far more permits being issued
in  other counties as well, judging by recent press reports.


The city's lawsuit does not challenge the permitting process now  imposed by the
state, and does not ask the court to revert to the  local-option system of
concealed carry permitting that existed  prior to the new state law.


However, Denver is arguing in this lawsuit to preserve its historic  authority
to regulate how and where handguns and other firearms may  be carried within the
city. In adopting the new concealed-carry  statute, state officials themselves
acknowledged that the right to  carry a handgun is not absolute. For example,
the permit does not  allow a person to carry a concealed handgun into a school.


Likewise, Denver is seeking confirmation from the courts of the  city's
authority to regulate firearms in its own facilities such as  parks and
recreation facilities, Denver International Airport, and  city workplaces.


DAVID W. BROADWELL


Assistant City Attorney


City and County of Denver


---------------------------------------- VOUCHER LAWSUIT


Use open enrollment


Re: 'A bad way to kill vouchers,' May 22 editorial.


So The Denver Post thinks that those of us who oppose using tax  dollars to fund
private schools are off base? Where is the scathing  editorial from The Post
regarding this in-your-face arrogance by  the legislature and the governor in
forcing down our throats yet  another scheme to transfer public money to church
schools when the  Colorado voters already resoundingly rejected such
arrangements  twice?


The prevailing ridiculous argument is that the voucher program will  help get
poor children out of so-called 'failing' schools. What a  crock! Any parent in
Colorado who wants to get a child out of a  so-called 'failing' school, or any
public school, has been able  to do so for decades, free of charge.


I live in Denver, and I sent my kids to school in Denver public  schools K-6,
and to Littleton public schools for middle and high  school. Others in my
neighborhood send or have sent their kids to  public schools in Sheridan,
Littleton, Jefferson County and Cherry  Creek.


I think it is pretty well agreed that at least a few of those  entire districts
can hardly be labeled as 'failing.' So please  tell me - why do private school
systems that are not accountable  for how they spend our money deserve to
receive it? Poor children -  or any child for that matter - can go to any school
system in the  state free of charge if their parents are unhappy where they are.


So why is it that I am expected to pay for religious education,  when many of
our public schools are better and the kids are free to  attend them?


We already have a 'voucher' plan that works exceedingly well.  It's been called
'open enrollment' for nearly two decades.


KIM SAYERS


Denver


'No-aid' rule essential


The language in the Colorado Constitution forbidding taxpayer  support of
religious institutions, including religious schools, is  also part of three
dozen other state constitutions. This is hardly  the work of one man, as The
Denver Post would have us believe.  Voucher advocates know that this wording is
ultimately a roadblock  to their school voucher crusade.


To achieve their goals, voucher proponents must first demonize  state
constitutions that forbid taxpayer support of religion. A  favorite tactic is to
assert that the language forbidding taxpayer  support of religious institutions
is anti-Catholic.


The fact is, the 'no-aid' rule was partly derived in the early  1800s to protest
a plan by a Baptist church in New York to open a  school with public funds.
There were religious battles during the  mid-1800s which included some
anti-Catholicism directed against  immigrants over which Bible to use in
schools. However, as public  education in the latter half of the 19th century
progressed,  several states modified their constitutions to restrict funding to
  only public schools.


The real purpose of the 'no-aid' to religious institutions rule  was to ensure
universal, free public education that is not under  sectarian control. We cannot
discount that fact. People still see  it as important in maintaining these
constitutional provisions.


STEVEN A. SAND


Lakewood


----------------------------------------


To Reach Us


Phone: 303-820-1331


Fax: 303-820-1502


E-mail: openforum@denverpost.com (Please send straight text, not  attachments.)


Mail: The Open Forum, The Denver Post, 1560 Broadway, Denver 80202;  or P.O. Box
1709, Denver 80201


Letters guidelines: The Post welcomes letters of up to 200 words on  topics of
general interest. Letters must include full name, home  address and day and
evening phone numbers. Letters may be edited  for length, grammar and accuracy.


Missed your favorite columnist or the latest Mike Keefe cartoon?  Archives of
columns and cartoons are available at The Denver Post  Online
(www.denverpost.com).

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 17, 2002, Wednesday, FIRST EDITION

U.S. starting point on Mideast shaken as talks begin in NYC

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 756 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- Three weeks after President Bush told the Palestinians they must
change their leaders before they get a state, renewed bloodshed in the region is
threatening to overtake diplomacy.

A bomb and shooting attack Tuesday that killed seven Israelis overshadowed talks
here among Secretary of State Colin Powell and top diplomats from the United
Nations, European Union, Russia and Arab countries.

Powell said the attack highlighted the fact that in the Middle East, "everything
begins with creating a better sense of security." U.N. Secretary-General Kofi
Annan warned that a humanitarian crisis could arise from a renewed Israeli
occupation of the West Bank.

The United States remained isolated over Bush's call, in a speech on the Middle
East on June 24, to cut contacts with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. And it
remained unclear how much progress could be made toward reorganizing Palestinian
security services or improving the lot of 3 million Palestinian people without
Arafat continuing to play a major role.


"As for Chairman Arafat," Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov said, "he is the
legitimately elected leader of Palestine, and . . .  we will continue to
maintain our relations with him."

The U.S. reluctance to move toward a Middle East political settlement until
Palestinian reforms are enacted also seemed likely to slow progress on security
and humanitarian issues.

Powell said he wished progress could be made on all fronts in the region but
that security had to come first. Annan quickly interjected that without talks to
establish a political solution, security talks "will fail."

Bush and Powell plan to meet with foreign ministers from Egypt, Jordan and Saudi
Arabia in Washington on Thursday. U.S. officials said that despite the
diplomatic disagreements here, they will move forward.

A senior State Department official said Washington plans to work with individual
Palestinian ministers to promote reform. The official could not explain how that
strategy would marginalize Arafat, who recently appointed those same ministers.

The U.S. diplomat also said the administration is considering asking Israel to
release $ 600 million in impounded taxes collected from the Palestinians. The
money would go to private Palestinian businesses that are owed money by the
Palestinian Authority. That way, the official said, a sorely needed economic
boost would not wind up in the wrong hands.

Powell did not, however, ask the EU to funnel its aid to the Palestinians
through third-party groups rather than to the Palestinian Authority, said Chris
Patten, the EU commissioner for external affairs.

"Nobody suggested we should not put money into the authority," Patten said. The
United States gives about $ 140 million a year to the Palestinians through the
United Nations, Red Cross and private groups. The European Union is providing $
230 million this year, of which two-thirds goes directly to the Palestinian
Authority, an EU spokesman said.

Per Stig Moeller, foreign minister of Denmark, which currently holds the
rotating presidency of the EU, bristled at suggestions that this money was being
misused. This aid, he said, "has more controls than any other (program) in the
world."

U.S. officials said soon there would be more meetings of working groups and task
forces on Palestinian reform, but no plans were announced for any negotiations
toward creation of a Palestinian state -- something Bush said he hoped could
happen in three years.

In fact, the vacuum in the peace process has sparked others to try to revive it.


As Powell held meetings here Tuesday, the International Crisis Group, a private,
multinational organization that tries to prevent or end conflicts, published
draft peace treaties for resolving Israel's disputes with the Palestinians,
Syrians and Lebanese.

The proposals, the most detailed ever put forward publicly, build on efforts for
peace since 1991 and unofficial meetings between Arabs and Israelis in the past
two months, said Robert Malley, the group's Middle East program director.

Malley said his group decided to issue the draft treaties in hopes of
influencing public opinion.

"Even though the U.S. administration is 180 degrees away from this, we believe
conditions are ripe," he said. "The Arab world is prepared to take some risks
and is eager to stabilize the situation. The Israelis and their opponents are at
a loss what to do.  . . .  We wanted to show it can be done."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jeff Christensen, Reuters; Discussing Mideast: Russian
Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov and Secretary of State Colin Powell meet with other
officials Tuesday.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 17, 2002, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. starting point on Mideast shaken as talks begin in NYC

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 754 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- Three weeks after President Bush told the Palestinians they must
change their leaders before they get a state, renewed bloodshed in the region is
threatening to overtake diplomacy.

A bomb and shooting attack Tuesday that killed seven Israelis overshadowed talks
here among Secretary of State Colin Powell and top diplomats from the United
Nations, European Union, Russia and Arab countries.

Powell said the attack highlighted the fact that in the Middle East, "everything
begins with creating a better sense of security." U.N. Secretary-General Kofi
Annan warned that a humanitarian crisis could arise from a renewed Israeli
occupation of the West Bank.

The United States remained isolated over Bush's call, in a speech on the Middle
East on June 24, to cut contacts with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat. And it
remained unclear how much progress could be made toward reorganizing Palestinian
security services or improving the lot of 3 million Palestinian people without
Arafat continuing to play a major role.


"As for Chairman Arafat," Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov said, "he is the
legitimately elected leader of Palestine, and . . .  we will continue to
maintain our relations with him."

The U.S. reluctance to move toward a Middle East political settlement until
Palestinian reforms are enacted also seemed likely to slow progress on security
and humanitarian issues.

Powell said that he wished progress could be made on all fronts in the region
but that security had to come first. Annan quickly interjected that without
talks to establish a political solution, security talks "will fail."

Bush and Powell plan to meet with foreign ministers from Egypt, Jordan and Saudi
Arabia in Washington on Thursday. U.S. officials said that despite the
diplomatic disagreements here, they will move forward.

A senior State Department official said Washington plans to work with individual
Palestinian ministers to promote reform. The official could not explain how that
strategy would marginalize Arafat, who recently appointed those same ministers.

The U.S. diplomat also said the administration is considering asking Israel to
release $ 600 million in impounded taxes collected from the Palestinians. The
money would go to private Palestinian businesses that are owed money by the
Palestinian Authority. That way, the official said, a sorely needed economic
boost would not wind up in the wrong hands.

Powell did not, however, ask the EU to send its aid to the Palestinians through
third-party groups rather than directly to the Palestinian Authority, said Chris
Patten, the EU commissioner for external affairs.

"Nobody suggested we should not put money into the authority," Patten said. The
United States gives about $ 140 million a year to the Palestinians through the
United Nations, Red Cross and private groups. The European Union is providing $
230 million this year, of which two-thirds goes directly to the Palestinian
Authority, an EU spokesman said.

Javier Solana, security and foreign affairs representative for the EU, bristled
at suggestions that the money was being misused. The European aid, Solana said,
"has more controls than any other (program) in the world."

U.S. officials said soon there would be more meetings of working groups and task
forces on Palestinian reform, but no plans were announced for any negotiations
toward creation of a Palestinian state -- something Bush said he hoped could
happen in three years.

In fact, the vacuum in the peace process has sparked others to try to revive it.


As Powell held meetings here Tuesday, the International Crisis Group, a private,
multinational organization that tries to prevent or end conflicts, published
draft peace treaties for resolving Israel's disputes with the Palestinians,
Syria and Lebanon.

The proposals, the most detailed ever put forward publicly, build on efforts for
peace since 1991 and unofficial meetings between Arabs and Israelis in the past
two months, said Robert Malley, the group's Middle East program director.

Malley said his group decided to issue the draft treaties in hopes of
influencing public opinion.

"Even though the U.S. administration is 180 degrees away from this, we believe
conditions are ripe," he said. "The Arab world is prepared to take some risks
and is eager to stabilize the situation. The Israelis and their opponents are at
a loss what to do.  . . .  We wanted to show it can be done."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jeff Christensen, Reuters; Discussing Mideast: Russian
Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov and Secretary of State Colin Powell meet with other
officials Tuesday.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 11, 2008 Tuesday

Clinton's No. 2? Obama scorns idea;
Insisting on lead, he rejects joint bid;
ELECTIONS 2008

BYLINE: Jeff Zeleny - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Mississippi


Brian Knowlton, John M. Broder and John Harwood contributed reporting from
Washington.

*

Senator Barack Obama implored voters here Monday to discount the political
chatter about him joining the Democratic presidential ticket with Senator
Hillary Rodham Clinton, declaring, ''I don't know how somebody who's in second
place can offer the vice presidency to someone who's in first place.''

''If I'm not ready, how is it that you think I should be such a great vice
president?'' Obama added. ''Do you understand that?''

In a town meeting one day before the Mississippi primary, Obama sought to
aggressively knock down the discussion stirred by Clinton and her husband,
former President Bill Clinton, that the deadlocked Democratic nominating fight
could be resolved by giving him the No. 2 position.

It was the most expansive answer he has given on the subject, with his tone
ranging from stern to sarcastic.

''With all due respect, I've won twice as many states as Senator Clinton,''
Obama said, over the applause of nearly 2,000 people. ''I've won more of the
popular vote than Senator Clinton. I have more delegates than Senator Clinton.''

For days, the Clintons have not-so-subtly raised the prospect of Obama joining
the ticket. It would be an ''unstoppable force,'' holding the promise of Obama's
winning urban and upscale voters and Clinton's taking rural areas and Reagan
Democrats, the former president told a weekend audience.

The Obama campaign dismissed the offer as a way to marginalize their candidate.
And on Monday, Obama dealt with the topic at some length.

''We are in a tough battle,'' he said. ''I don't presume that I have won this
election. Senator Clinton is fighting hard and she is tenacious. She has worked
hard to win the nomination. I want everybody to be absolutely clear. I'm not
running for vice president. I'm running for president of the United States of
America.''

At a time when Clinton has been using her victories last week in Texas, Ohio and
Rhode Island to say she has gained momentum in a nearly even race, Obama said
the numbers still put him in the lead.

The Illinois senator made several campaign stops in Mississippi, a Southern
state with 40 delegates at stake. Its large black population should help Obama;
polls there favor him. After that, there is an extraordinarily long gap - six
weeks - before the next primary, in Pennsylvania on April 22.

With the growing likelihood that neither Obama nor Clinton will emerge from the
primary season with the delegates needed to assure nomination, the Democratic
Party is struggling over the best way forward.

Two of Clinton's biggest supporters, both highly successful fund-raisers, have
offered to help raise millions of dollars to stage new primaries in Florida and
Michigan. Democratic delegates from those states were excluded when both states
held primaries in January in violation of a schedule approved by the national
party that was intended to favor smaller early states, starting with Iowa and
New Hampshire.

Clinton won in both states, though Obama's name did not appear on the Michigan
ballot and neither candidate campaigned in Florida.

Governors Jon Corzine of New Jersey and Edward Rendell of Pennsylvania said
Sunday that they would be willing to raise half the $30 million it would take to
run new contests in the two states. Corzine and Rendell submitted their proposal
to The Washington Post.

Senator Bill Nelson of Florida, a Democrat who unsuccessfully sued the national
party late last year to force it to recognize his state's early primary, warned
Monday of ''a political train wreck that could involve a floor fight at the
convention'' if the dispute lingers.

In a Wall Street Journal opinion article, Nelson lent support to an idea that
has been gaining ground: staging new votes using mail-in ballots. He said
Florida's Republican governor, Charlie Crist, was ''supportive'' of the idea.

In the overall race for the nomination, Obama leads with 1,578 delegates to
Clinton's 1,468, according to The Associated Press. It will take 2,025 delegates
to win nomination at the Democrats' convention in late August.

Rendell proposed the fund-raising plan on NBC. Former Senator Tom Daschle of
South Dakota, speaking for the Obama campaign, appeared on the same program and
said he would go along with it. ''We don't have any problem with that,'' Daschle
said.

Asked about the proposal by WNBC- TV, Corzine said that it had not been cleared
with Obama's campaign. He also said that the best time for new contests, were
they to happen, would be in June.

Howard Dean, chairman of the Democratic National Committee, has urged the
parties to find a solution quickly, saying, ''the only thing that can beat us is
if we're divided.''

He, too, said a mail-in ballot might provide an answer.

Many Democrats believe that if the nomination race is not resolved by June, the
party's candidate will suffer in the November general election.

''I'm very concerned,'' said Representative Mark Udall of Colorado. He warned
that unity ''could be a real challenge, especially as this thing grows more
fierce.''

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 27, 2010 Saturday

Don't marginalize religion, Elder Oaks says to Harvard law students

BYLINE: Carrie Sheffield and Jamshid Askar For the Deseret News

LENGTH: 1310 words


CAMBRIDGE, Mass. ? Elder Dallin H. Oaks urged Harvard students on Friday to take
more than a superficial approach to religion, an approach he said is exacerbated
by the secular American university system. Noting that speaking to such a
diverse audience is a challenge, Elder Oaks, a member of the Quorum of the
Twelve of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon), said, "My
object is to illuminate several premises and ways of thinking that are at the
root of some misunderstandings about our doctrine and practice." Elder Oaks
acknowledged that LDS doctrines and values are not widely understood by those
not of the LDS faith, and said that his disappointment with that "is only
slightly reduced" by research that shows "that on the subject of religion
Americans in general are 'deeply religious' but 'profoundly ignorant.'" Elder
Oaks was introduced by Harvard law professor Mary Ann Glendon, the faculty
adviser for the LDS student group (Harvard Law School does not have an LDS
professor). Glendon is a devout Catholic and former U.S. ambassador to the
Vatican.

Elder Oaks said the higher education system was partly to blame for prevailing
ignorance about many aspects of Christianity and other religions. "Many factors
contribute to our people's predominant shallowness on the subject of religion,
but one of them is surely higher education's general hostility or indifference
to religion," he said. "Despite most colleges' and universities' founding
purpose to produce clergymen and to educate in the truths taught in their
chapels, most have now abandoned their role of teaching religion. "With but few
exceptions, colleges and universities have become value-free places where
attitudes toward religion are neutral at best. Some faculty and administrators
are powerful contributors to the forces that are driving religion to the margins
of American society. Students and other religious people who believe in the
living reality of God and moral absolutes are being marginalized." "(I)t seems
unrealistic to expect higher education as a whole to resume a major role in
teaching moral values," Elder Oaks said. "The academy can pretend to neutrality
on questions of right and wrong, but society cannot survive on such neutrality."
Elder Oaks said he chose "three clusters of truths to present as fundamental
premises of the faith of Latter-day Saints." Those clusters are: The nature of
God, including the role of the three members of the Godhead, and the corollary
truth that there are moral absolutes. The purpose of life. The three-fold
sources of truth about man and the universe: science, the scriptures and
continuing revelation, and how we can know them. "Our theology begins with the
assurance that we lived as spirits before we came to this earth," he said. "It
affirms that this mortal life has a purpose. And it teaches that our highest
aspiration is to become like our Heavenly Parents, which will empower us to
perpetuate our family relationships throughout eternity. "We affirm that
marriage is necessary for the accomplishment of God's plan, to provide the
approved setting for mortal birth and to prepare family members for eternal
life. "There are many political, legal and social pressures for changes that
de-emphasize the importance or change the definition of marriage, confuse gender
or homogenize the differences between men and women that are essential to
accomplish God's great plan of happiness. Our eternal perspective sets us
against such changes." Elder Oaks also explained why personal revelation is such
a fundamental premise to Mormons. "Some wonder how members of The Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) accept a modern prophet's teachings
to guide their personal lives, something that is unusual in most religious
traditions," he said. "Our answer to the charge that Latter-day Saints follow
their leaders out of 'blind obedience' is this same personal revelation. We
respect our leaders and presume inspiration in their leadership of the church
and in their teachings. But we are all privileged and encouraged to confirm
their teachings by prayerfully seeking and receiving revelatory confirmation
directly from God." Elder Oaks' visit to Harvard, his first on the campus, was
organized by Benjamin Geslison, president of the Harvard Law School Latter-day
Saint Students Organization. "It's difficult to overstate the value of this
opportunity to hear Elder Oaks speak and to ask questions about the Mormon faith
from one who can speak on behalf of the church and not just as a member of the
faith," Geslison said. Geslison said the speech and Q&A was being recorded by
the LDS Church and would likely be broadcast in between sessions of general
conference. After speaking for about 45 minutes, Elder Oaks answered questions
on everything from homosexuality and Proposition 8 in California to personal
revelation and the nature of adoptive families. Elder Oaks was a law clerk to
Chief Justice Earl Warren and worked as a professor at the University of Chicago
Law School. He served nine years as president of Brigham Young University and
was a justice on the Utah Supreme Court. He resigned from the court before his
ordination in 1984 as a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles. Ben DeVan,
a student at the Harvard Divinity School, asked Elder Oaks what made Mormon
revelation different from revelation received by Muslim founder Muhammad and
Mary Baker Eddy, founder of the Christian Science movement. "Why should we
believe that what Joseph Smith said is true as opposed to these others?" said
DeVan, a Christian from Atlanta. "If you want to know, go to the ultimate
source," Oaks replied. "The answer to that question can only come from God
himself. That's what I encourage anyone who asks me about it. ... I can't
promise when it will happen with anyone, but I can promise it will happen." When
asked by another student from Harvard Divinity School whether Mormons considered
themselves to be evangelical Christians, Elder Oaks demurred. "In many
organizational things that they do, we are not identified, and so it's a hard
question to answer," Oaks said. "We sympathize with some things, but if a person
were describing the religious landscape, I don't think we'd want to be listed in
the religious landscape as evangelical Christianity. ... And from what I read
about some of the pronouncements from some of their leaders, I think that
feeling would be mutual." The 300-seat room inside the Ames Courtroom at Austin
Hall was filled to capacity. The audience was made up largely of students at
Harvard Divinity School and Harvard Law School. For five years running, the
Harvard Law LDS student organization has brought in a prominent LDS lawyer or
academic to address the Harvard community as part of its Mormonism 101 Series.
"I'm not a Mormon, however, I feel that today's event was very enlightening. ...
I found a lot of the things that Dr. Oaks spoke about to be interesting," said
Michael De'Shazer, 21, a graduate student studying computer science student at
Harvard Extension School. "For Mormonism 101, it was pretty good." Two years ago
the series featured Elder Clayton Christensen, a professor at Harvard Business
School and an area seventy. Last year's keynote speaker was Tom Griffith, a
federal judge on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. "Kudos
to the organizers and to those who attended for creating a forum in which people
of good will could talk civilly to one another about important matters,"
Griffith told the Deseret News. "Preparing my remarks forced me to think through
the best way to explain who we are in a relatively short period of time to a
remarkable group of people who knew something about Latter-day Saints but wanted
to learn something more." To read a full text of the speech, click here. e-mail:
jaskar@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            February 22, 2008 Friday

Obama to skip 'Black Union'

BYLINE: By William Douglas, McCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: NEWS; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 866 words


WASHINGTON -- Presidential politics will take center stage in New Orleans on
Saturday at the annual "State of the Black Union" symposium, where the hottest
topic is likely to be which candidate is there and which one isn't.

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will address a largely
African-American crowd of thousands in New Orleans' Ernest M. Morial Convention
Center -- where thousands of the city's poorest residents sought shelter in
squalid conditions after Hurricane Katrina.

Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., Clinton's Democratic rival, is skipping the event.
He'll focus instead on campaigning in Texas and Ohio in hopes of delivering a
knockout blow to Clinton in those states' presidential primaries on March 4.

The Republican presidential candidates, Sen. John McCain of Arizona and former
Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, also declined to attend the symposium, which
television and radio talk show host Tavis Smiley organized and will host.

Clinton, meanwhile, is attending, because she has to try to woo back
African-American voters who've deserted her in droves, political analysts say.
Within a year, African-American support has flipped from favoring her to backing
Obama by as much as 80 percent to

90 percent in recent primaries.

Clinton could receive a cool reception from African Americans, who think that
her campaign injected race into South Carolina's Democratic primary last month
to try to marginalize Obama as "the black candidate."

"Her coming to the event, it's a bit of a risk. She could get a chilly
reception," Walters said.

"If it hadn't been for South Carolina, she could go into the forum expecting a
good reception."

Minyon Moore, a Clinton campaign adviser, said the New York senator doesn't know
what to expect on Saturday.

"After all that's been reported and said, what hasn't changed is the commitment
of Hillary, and Bill, Clinton to civil rights and racial equality," Moore said.
"If people are willing to listen to her, we'll win the day."

(EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE)

Saturday's events will deal largely with issues in Smiley's best-selling book,
"The Covenant with Black America," which explores how the African-Americans
should address key problems that affect them.

After Clinton readily accepted the invitation and Obama didn't, Smiley began to
criticize Obama for not responding to his invitation, saying that some
African-American leaders are concerned because Obama hasn't spoken enough about
African-American issues on the campaign trail.

Obama brushed off Smiley's criticism last week during an appearance on the "Tom
Joyner Morning Show" radio program, which has a largely African-American
audience. He said he does address issues covered in Smiley's book.

"I'm going to have to call Tavis and straighten him out on this -- I don't know
why he (Smiley) hasn't called me directly," Obama told Joyner. "If the notion is
that I should only be talking to black people, then I'm not going to win the
presidency, because there are a whole lot of people out there who are white,
Latino or Asian who've got a whole bunch (of issues) as well."

Obama's campaign offered Michelle Obama to speak on her husband's behalf in New
Orleans, but Smiley declined the offer. Obama then sent a letter to Smiley
officially turning down his invitation because he'll be campaigning in Texas and
Ohio, where he still trails Clinton in opinion polls but is narrowing the gap.

Smiley called Obama's decision "a critical miscalculation and a missed
opportunity."

"I think as close as this race is, the concerns of African-American people are
important," Smiley said in an interview with McClatchy Newspaper. "The Clinton
campaign has made moves -- the appointment of Maggie Williams as campaign
manager -- to aggressively go after the African-American vote."

The Smiley-Obama flap has fueled sometimes-heated debate within the
African-American community. Smiley, speaking on the Joyner program, hinted that
he's received death threats for his Obama comments, though he declined to
elaborate.

"I've been getting barbecued a lot lately," Smiley told McClatchy. "But it's
never been about me. It's only about me now because some people are trying to
change the subject. It's about who's coming and who's not."

(EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE)

Many say Smiley is in an ego-driven snit over Obama's rejection. A headline on
an article last week on The Root, an African-American-oriented Web site, blared
"Who Died and Made Tavis King."

"Tavis and his guests have every right to criticize Obama if they have
substantive disagreements with his policy, his approach to politics or his
viability as a general candidate," wrote Melissa Harris-Lacewell, a Princeton
University African-American studies associate professor. "They do not have a
right to create a false, racial litmus test."

Others find fault with Obama.

"Obama's campaign is unraveling," a reader named Jean wrote in a response to a
Smiley-Obama post on McClatchy's Election 2008 blog. "His followers act like a
cult. Tavis is a very respected broadcaster and has a right to expect
cordiality."

------

(c) 2008, McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.

----------

ARCHIVE PHOTOS on MCT Direct (from MCT Photo Service, 202-383-6099): TAVIS
SMILEY

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 7, 2005 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Don't Marginalize The United Nations

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Editorial Desk; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 131 words



To the Editor:

Whatever the merits of the reforms that Ruth Wedgwood advocates for the United
Nations, I would note that United Nations ''reform'' means something very
different in much of the rest of the world: reform of the Security Council to
make it more representative.

As much as Ms. Wedgwood sees the United Nations as inefficient, other countries
see it as undemocratic.

Perhaps if the United States proposed a bargain -- a more representative
Security Council in exchange for management and other changes that the United
States says are essential -- the result would be a reform package acceptable to
all member states, not just to the Bush administration and its supporters.

Gregory H. Fox
Detroit, Dec. 5, 2005

The writer is an associate professor of law at Wayne State University.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 5, 2015 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

WSSC's rift with advisory panel swells

BYLINE: Katherine Shaver

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 893 words


Relations between Maryland's largest water and sewer utility and the advisory
board that represents its nearly 2 million customers have grown so heated, both
sides say, that five years of simmering tension has boiled over into a public
fight.

Some members of the Customer Advisory Board (CAB) say the Washington Suburban
Sanitary Commission's general manager doesn't answer their letters and refuses
to meet with them regularly. They say concerns they've voiced on behalf of the
utility's customers in Montgomery and Prince George's counties, including
complaints about WSSC's call center and a billing structure that can penalize
larger households, receive no response. A recent public letter to the utility
says that the customer panel deserves more "respect and trust."

"They've really tried to marginalize us in the past year," said CAB Chairman
Vincent Berg, who represents Montgomery and has served on the panel for nine
years. "They say they're interested in ratepayers, but I don't think they really
are. They just want their money."

WSSC officials say some CAB members have berated employees and overstepped their
charge, trying to govern the utility instead of merely providing advice.

"You don't legislate respect, you don't demand respect," said WSSC spokesman Jim
Neustadt. "Respect is earned - mutually earned."

The rift became public Nov. 18, when Berg read the CAB's letter aloud to the
WSSC's governing board at its monthly meeting. It bubbled to the surface after
several years of relative quiet at the bi-county utility long known for
political infighting. It also comes amid upheaval in the utility's leadership.

On Nov. 3, WSSC's governing board chose a new general manager, Carla Reid,
during a hastily called meeting that even some top county government officials
didn't know about and most of which occurred behind closed doors. The board then
significantly curtailed Reid's authority as general manager, limiting the size
of contracts she could approve and whom she could hire for her executive team
without the board's blessing.

Meanwhile, the chairwoman of the six-member board, Adrienne Mandel, resigned
abruptly Oct. 31 after eight years. Mandel, a former state delegate, told The
Washington Post that she wanted to retire from public service. However, several
sources said she resigned in protest after Prince George's County Executive
Rushern L. Baker III (D) and Montgomery County Executive Isiah Leggett (D)
insisted on Reid, a former top WSSC official who had also worked for both
executives, as general manager.

Some who keep a close eye on the public utility - one of the largest in the
country - have been left scratching their heads.

"It's difficult to understand what's really going on, since there are so many
changes happening at once," said Del. Alfred C. Carr Jr. (D-Montgomery), who has
been critical of WSSC's billing structure.

With a $1.3 billion annual budget controlled by two counties that differ
dramatically in their political cultures and local economies, WSSC has been a
political hot spot for years, even as it provides the most basic public services
of drinking water and sewage disposal.

WSSC officials say that there's no turmoil at the top and that problems with the
CAB aren't connected to the changes in leadership. WSSC's current general
manager, Jerry N. Johnson, announced his retirement in February but has provided
a smooth transition by staying on until his replacement can take over, Neustadt
said. The change in commissioners resulted from their personal decisions to
retire or resign, he said.

The board's reduction in Reid's authority as a new general manager isn't
unusual, Neustadt said. Commissioners have done so before, he said, as "a
cautious approach" until they become more comfortable with the new leader and
restore more discretion. Commissioners did the same with Johnson and an interim
general manager, Neustadt said.

The problems with the CAB long preceded the leadership changes, he said. "We've
been dealing with CAB issues for some time," Neustadt said.

Both sides agree that the bad feelings date to 2011, when Johnson disbanded
another customer-run board. That board has heard complaints from customers who
believe an unusually high bill stemmed from extenuating circumstances, such as
an unknown leaking toilet. A 2011 internal WSSC audit found that the dispute
board violated utility policies and posed a "financial risk" by reducing
customer bills by too much.

The CAB members who served on the dispute-resolution board were kicked off
before WSSC  reorganized the panel with new members. The CAB members said they
had awarded some relief in almost every billing case after WSSC budget cuts to
another program resulted in a tenfold increase in their caseload.

"We couldn't cope with the workload," said Albert Nunez, a Montgomery resident
and CAB member for 25 years. "What were people supposed to do" if they couldn't
pay their bills? he said. "You can't live without water."

Some CAB members say they hope that a new general manager - Reid's contract is
still being negotiated - will offer both sides a fresh start if they can repair
the personal and political damage.

As John O'Master, a Prince George's resident who has served on the CAB for six
years, said, "Unless we can get past that legacy, we'll never enjoy the
relationship with WSSC that we want."

katherine.shaver@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

YOUR VIEWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 714 words


Walker policies marginalize women

I understand why women feel marginalized by Gov. Scott Walker. Whether it is
equal pay, basic preventive health care or reproductive rights, the governor
consistently supports policies that deny women their fundamental rights and
equality.

Forcing women to endure state-dictated abortion counseling designed to
discourage a safe and legal medical procedure, and then withholding the
procedure for 24 hours, are coercive policies supported by Walker.

At best, these policies are paternalistic. At worst, they are meant to control
and shame women seeking abortion.

Does our governor truly believe women buy into the disingenuous political
rhetoric that these policies are in their best interests? And remember, this is
from a Republican governor who decries government as too intrusive.

I have been a women's health care nurse practitioner for over 20 years. I would
never use my position to coerce a woman.

I will not vote for Walker. I have a daughter, and I want her to grow up in a
state where women are treated with the respect and dignity they deserve.

- Ann Baggot, Madison

Plagiarism shows Burke a 'blank page'

"Plagiarism is the fear of a blank page," quipped author M. Mokhonoana. In other
words, this bootlegging is used by unprincipled people who either want all the
credit or have nothing worthwhile to say.

Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke withheld her jobs plan from the
public while claiming to have spent many hours preparing it.

When finally revealed, parts of the plan have been exposed as stolen
word-for-word from the jobs plans of three other states. Burke has since cut
ties with Eric Schnurer, a consultant who ghost-wrote her plan. Her afterthought
was that she is "disappointed."

Burke's track record is vivid. Wisconsin lost jobs when she served as
Wisconsin's secretary of commerce. This liberal millionaire has exported jobs
from her Wisconsin corporation to overseas locations. This shows her "blank
page."

Republicans wants to build jobs. Democrats create dependencies.

- Doug Wellumson, Arkdale

Accomplishments, not race, define Holder

A big news story on Friday was that Eric Holder, America's first black attorney
general, is resigning.

Is that all the man is known for, being the first black AG? Doesn't that kind of
journalism just perpetuate the race issue? And everybody does it.

I don't care if he is the first or last black AG. I respect the man for what
he's done.

- Terrance Stewart, Madison

Those without ID must take initiative

We who support showing a photo ID to vote do not want to prevent anyone from
voting. We simply want everyone who votes to be who they say they are.
Suppressing Democratic voters has nothing to do with it.

When I read 300,000 Wisconsinites do not have personal IDs, I wondered who they
are, how that number was determined and how they function without an ID.

Assuming they actually exist, they should be able to exercise the
resourcefulness to go to a Division of Motor Vehicles site to get an ID. Do they
have no family or friends who can assist them?

For those confined in nursing homes, is there no one in their lives who can
assist them in obtaining an ID and acquiring, completing and returning an
absentee ballot?

I don't believe Wisconsin's voters are helpless, and if they need to take some
initiative and put forth some effort to ensure the integrity of their vote, that
is a good thing, not a bad thing.

- John Voss, Madison

Disqualify AG hopeful who won't enforce law

In Friday's article on the race for state attorney general between Susan Happ
and Brad Schimel, the charges that each has been soft on sexual assault was most
revealing - not about the sexual assault cases, but about enforcing state laws.

If Democrat Happ actually said she would not enforce state law requiring
abortion doctors to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals, as the
article reported, she has disqualified herself from the AG race.

How can anyone running for attorney general think that some laws should not be
enforced? How can such a candidate think he or she can override the governor,
the state Senate, Assembly and the Wisconsin Supreme Court? Such thinking is
outrageous.

The AG is elected to enforce all the laws, not to enforce the laws that fit his
or her personal ideologies.

- Ray Unger, Madison

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 25, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SPECIAL TEAMS;
How important are they in today's NFL? Are they really a third of the game? Some
consider them nothing plays. The Bills would have half their wins without them.
Bottom line: your team can't win without them!;
The art of special teams play seems to have diminished since the days of Steve
Tasker, but football minds such as Bill Parcells feel it can still play a big
part in wins or losses.

BYLINE: By Tim Graham - News Sports Reporter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1709 words


A timeworn football maxim insists special ?teams are one third of the game.

That sure sounds important, yet they're so often blinked at.

In unrelated interviews last week, ?legendary punter Ray Guy rekindled the old
argument that more special-teams players belong in the Pro Football Hall of
Fame, and taciturn New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick delivered a
500-word lecture on the subject.

A few days later, superstar tight end Rob Gronkowski broke his forearm blocking
on an extra point in the fourth quarter and with the Patriots ahead by five
touchdowns, sparking criticism against Belichick for using a prized player on an
insignificant play.

The NFL, meanwhile, continues to devise ways to marginalize special teams.
Whether for injury-litigation concerns or fan ?boredom, rule changes continually
lessen the impact of special teams to the point Steve Tasker predicts kickoffs
and extra points eventually will abolished.

And there's a segment of the football community, including players, who don't
consider special teams real football.

"I just play a different sport than all these guys," Buffalo Bills kicker Rian
Lindell said while trying to explain an embarrassing effort to stop Miami
Dolphins return man Marcus Thigpen's 96-yard touchdown last week.

"Making that tackle would be as odd as if somebody threw me a basketball and
told me to hit a three-pointer."

Despite any special-teams stigma, the Bills enter this afternoon's game against
the Indianapolis Colts with a 4-6 record bolstered by a pair of victories
directly attributed to the kicking game.

The Bills failed to score an offensive touchdown against the Dolphins but won
with a Leodis McKelvin punt return and four Lindell field goals. A blocked
Arizona Cardinals field-goal attempt in Week Six forced overtime and allowed the
Bills to win.

So what is the actual value of special teams in today's NFL?

There have been 21,025 plays from scrimmage this season, with 827 of them
resulting in a touchdown or a safety. That's a score on 3.9 percent of all
snaps.

There have been 3,166 kickoffs and punts, with 21 of them being returned for
touchdowns. That's 0.7 percent of all kicks.

Bills special-teams coordinator Bruce DeHaven noted the data shows they're
barely a fifth of a game's plays on a busy day. But when he worked under Bill
Parcells with the Dallas Cowboys, they came up with a couple remarkable stats.

"We always talked about hidden yardage, the starting point after kickoff and
kickoff return or the net punting," DeHaven said. "If you can come up with 100
yards difference in field position, normally that equates to about seven
points."

Parcells recalled that as of a few seasons ago, teams that scored a
special-teams touchdown won 75 percent of the time.

But the Bills ranked first in special teams three times under coordinator Bobby
April during their 12-year playoff drought. Special-teams dominance didn't get
them far.

The difference between the NFL's best and worst kickers isn't nearly as vast as
quarterbacks, left tackles, linebackers or cornerbacks. Whatever one
special-teams unit can do so often is a push with the opponent.

It's enough to make a team tinker. The Bills this year drafted and released
kickoff specialist John Potter and cut punter Brian Moorman in search of an
edge.

"We look at kickoff-return start line as one of our big stats, and if you're
averaging the 24 compared to the 21, that's from here to the garbage can,"
Lindell said, pointing to a bin in the Bills' locker room. "But it's 20 spots in
the rankings."

Tasker, the Bills' seven-time Pro Bowler on special teams, made the argument
special teams truly are a third of the game and not 16 to 21 percent as the play
count indicates.

"One, it's the only play in football where you deliberately give the ball to
your opponent," Tasker said. "It's a changeover play, which is enormous in
football. Possession is what you need, right?

"Two, it's also a play where 40 or 45 yards of field position will be given or
taken. Ninety to 95 percent of field position is dictated by the kicking game.
Three, on field goals or field-goal defense, you're going for points on this
play.

"Those 20 percent of the snaps are one-time shots."

>Not so special

Sometimes, a special-teams play is weighted like an anchor.

Bills fans don't need to be told how unsettling it feels to watch a game decided
not by an offensive or defensive player, but by a special-teams play.

Because of that, they won't feel sorry for how Parcells' coaching career ended.
Scott Norwood's missed field goal in Super Bowl XXV gave Parcells his second
championship with the New York Giants.

But the last game Parcells coached was with the Cowboys in the 2006 playoffs.
Down by a point to the Seattle Seahawks with 79 seconds to play, Parcells (with
DeHaven as his coordinator) sent out his field-goal unit for a 19-yard attempt.
Extra points are 20 yards long.

Cowboys quarterback and holder Tony Romo fumbled the snap and was tackled.

"I don't think I'm getting over that one any time soon," Parcells said by phone
this week.

Infamous gaffes are seared into our memories and galvanize the stigma that
special-teamers aren't to be taken as seriously as other football players.

Take, for instance, Dolphins kicker Garo Yepremian. With the Dolphins on the
verge of closing out their perfect 1972 season, Yepremian turned the Super Bowl
into slapstick.

Rather than kick a field goal to give the 17-0 Dolphins a symbolic 17-0 lead
late in the fourth quarter, his attempt was blocked. He gathered the ball and
comically tried to throw it with hands "that aren't big enough to palm a tennis
ball," said Dolphins running back Jim Kiick. The ball slipped out, and Yepremian
for some reason batted it like a volleyball.

Washington Redskins cornerback Mike Bass plucked the ball and ran right past a
pacifistic Yepremian for a touchdown to put the game in sudden doubt.

"I was standing next to [Dolphins defensive tackle] Manny Fernandez," Kiick said
by phone this week, "and I heard him say, ?If we lose this game, we're just
going to kill him.' They meant it. They were angry. It could've cost us the
game."

What if rugged Hall of Fame fullback Larry Csonka ? also blocking on the right
wing, the same place Gronkowski lines up, by the way ? had cost the Dolphins the
Super Bowl with a goal-line fumble? Would his teammates have wanted to kill him?

"Oh, I don't think so," Kiick said with a laugh.

Special-teamers often aren't considered the genuine article. Kickers and punters
aren't alone as quasi-outcasts (kicker Jan Stenerud is the only full-time
special teamer in the Hall of Fame).

Coverage stars such as Tasker, Mark Pike, Blasdell native Ron Wolfley, Bill
Bates, Bennie Thompson, Mosi Tatupu and Larry Izzo are on the fringe, too.

"I don't think any of us will see the inside of the Hall of Fame," Tasker said,
"because it's a play where most guys think ?If you're playing special teams it's
because you're not good enough to get on the field otherwise."

Parcells ? a gridiron man's man if ever there was one ? disagreed with the idea
special-teamers don't belong in the Hall of Fame. He also shot down the notion
he'd be able to handle the way his coaching career ended better had he lost on
an end-zone interception.

"It's a football play," Parcells said of the botched field goal, "and it shows
you that everything in football's important, and everything can be
game-affecting."

Special teams have become more of a science over the past 30 years. Teams used
to divvy up the various units among their position coaches. Now, many teams aid
their special-teams coordinator with an assistant or a kicking specialist.

"Now it's to the point where everybody's coached well," DeHaven said. "The
margin for error is a lot slimmer. You've got to work your tail off just to
break even. If you're not prepared, it will beat you."

>Shifting rules

The NFL has been a special-teams antagonist. The competition committee routinely
has tempered kick and coverage plays over the years.

"The rules changes over the past 20 years have been about making them go away
and not be a factor," Tasker said. "It all boils down to making those plays more
antiseptic and less creative and takes away their potential impact in the game."

To allay concerns over catastrophic injuries such as Bills tight end Kevin
Everett's broken neck in 2007 and the proliferation of concussion lawsuits
against the NFL, kickoffs were moved last year from the 30-yard line to the 35
to produce more touchbacks.

The NFL moved the kickoff spot back to the 30-yard line in 1994. The touchback
rate dropped that year from 26.5 percent to 7 percent. It went up to 16.4
percent by 2010.

This year, 48 percent of kickoffs are touchbacks, leading many to wonder if the
NFL would prefer to eliminate kickoffs eventually.

"It rounds out the game," Lindell said. "You don't want to just start at the 25
at the beginning of the game. Then it's PE class."

About 53 percent of all punts aren't returned, but that's mostly because punters
have gotten so much better at directional and Australian-style punts, not
because of rule adjustments.

Other rules changes that have softened special teams include field goals no
longer winning an overtime game on the opening possession, no three-man wedges
on kickoffs, at least two players must be outside the numbers on every kickoff,
gunners can't run out of bounds on punt coverage and defensive penalties on
touchdown plays being assessed on the kickoff to shorten the field.

"There's no question that the punt return or the kick return is the most
exciting play in football," Tasker said, "but you've got to go through six dozen
of them to get a good one."

As for extra points, Belichick has opined they're not good for the game because
they "are non-plays." Kiick suggested moving the spot back 10 yards to create
some drama. Tasker proposed forcing teams to run an offensive play for the
conversion.

"The rules around the league over the last 15, 20 years have slowly eroded that
special-teams ability to make a difference," Tasker said.

"Particularly in this day and age, when you see what looks like a great play on
special teams it's because somebody on the other side has made an enormous or
stupid mistake. That's the atmosphere in the league right now."

email: tgraham@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Protests at Democrats' Health-Care Events Spark Political Tug of War;
Sparring Threatens To Drown Out Policy Debate

BYLINE: Philip Rucker and Dan Eggen; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1282 words


Hectoring protesters at a handful of Democratic town hall forums became a flash
point Wednesday in the health-care debate, as party leaders cast the critics as
"angry mobs" trying to "destroy President Obama" while Republicans accused
Democrats of dismissing public opposition to their proposals.

As House members head home for the August recess, some Democrats have been met
by taunts, jeers and, in one case, an effigy. Video footage of the
sometimes-belligerent protests has taken hold online and on television in a
relatively quiet news week, threatening to drown out any health-care debate.

That has fed a political tug of war over whether the protests, at gatherings
from Pennsylvania to Texas to Wisconsin, have been organized by conservative
groups or sparked by average citizens voicing their own displeasure.

Democrats have sought to marginalize the objections as part of a fringe
movement, prompting House Minority Leader John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) to respond
Wednesday: "Democrats are in denial. Instead of acknowledging the widespread
anger millions of Americans are feeling this summer toward Democrat-controlled
Washington, Washington Democrats are trying to dismiss it as a fabrication."

Seeking a Middle Ground

Amid the rancorous partisanship, some political figures have tried to find a
middle ground.

Sen. Robert P. Casey Jr. (D-Pa.) said Wednesday, "We have to be careful we don't
just jump to the conclusion and label every bit of opposition above a certain
decibel level as organized and contrived." And White House spokesman Robert
Gibbs said this week that the opposition includes voices that are genuine.

"Look, I don't doubt that there are people that come to ask their members of
Congress honest questions about the direction of the country," Gibbs said. "I
also have no doubt that there are groups that have spread out people across the
country to go to these things and to specifically generate videos that can be
posted on Internet sites."

Obama, meanwhile, called for support Wednesday from the 13 million people on his
e-mail list, asking them to commit to attending at least one health-care event
this month.

"This is the moment our movement was built for," Obama wrote in the message,
distributed by Organizing for America. He continued: "There are those who profit
from the status quo, or see this debate as a political game, and they will stop
at nothing to block reform. They are filling the airwaves and the Internet with
outrageous falsehoods to scare people into opposing change. And some people, not
surprisingly, are getting pretty nervous. So we've got to get out there, fight
lies with truth, and set the record straight."

The Democratic National Committee released an advertisement Wednesday alleging
that "desperate Republicans and their well-funded allies are organizing angry
mobs" to "destroy President Obama."

Several conservative groups have taken the lead in organizing opposition, but
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael S. Steele denied that his party
is behind the town hall uproars. "We're not inciting anyone to disrupt
anything," he said. ". . . To sit back and say this is some Republican cabal is
a bunch of baloney."

Steele blasted Democrats' accusations in an RNC fundraising appeal sent out
Wednesday night. "They're using this fear-and-smear tactic to silence ANY
American who disagrees with their risky scheme. . . . It's a page out of their
standard playbook of name calling and outright lies to stifle all debate," he
wrote.

'Strategy Memo'

Liberals have seized upon a "strategy memo," issued by the Connecticut-based
group Right Principles, which calls on conservatives to "pack the hall" and
"yell out and challenge" lawmakers. The group's leader has ties to FreedomWorks,
an advocacy organization headed by former House majority leader Richard K. Armey
(R-Tex.).

Gibbs said Tuesday that Conservatives for Patients' Rights and other groups
"have bragged about organizing and manufacturing that anger." But CPR founder
Rick Scott disputed those accusations and said a growing number of Americans are
increasingly worried about Democratic plans for health-care reform. "I agree
that everyone needs to be civil, and I'm not aware of anyone who says they
shouldn't be," Scott said.

Another major group, Americans for Prosperity, has supplied thousands of printed
placards for protests around the country. Its president, Tim Phillips, said the
conservative group would "never condone disruptive behavior."

In interviews, some top congressional Democrats denounced the town hall
opponents as marginal and shrill. House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer (D-Md.)
called them "very rabid people," describing how, at a forum in Upstate New York,
a man shouted at him, "You're lying to me."

"When you've been around as long as I have, it becomes pretty evident pretty
quickly that this is an organized effort," Hoyer said. "Normal citizens just do
not act that way."

"Labeling an entire group of people who have legitimate questions and concerns
as extremists is one of the most insulting things we've heard in a very long
time," responded Antonia Ferrier, a spokeswoman for Boehner.

Aggressive Tactics

Several recent polls suggest that many Americans are uneasy about Democrats'
health-care plan, and Boehner predicted last week, before leaving Washington,
that Democrats are "likely to have a very, very hot summer" as they discuss
health-care reform with their constituents. And indeed, some have.

Over the weekend in Philadelphia, Sen. Arlen Specter (D) and Health and Human
Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius faced critical questions and boos. On
Maryland's Eastern Shore, an effigy of freshman Rep. Frank M. Kratovil Jr. (D)
was hanged from a noose outside his district office.

In Connecticut, activists showed up at an event featuring Sen. Christopher J.
Dodd (D), who said last week that he has prostate cancer. One man shouted from
the side of the road: "How come we don't just give Chris Dodd painkillers? Like
a handful of them at a time. We can flush it down with Ted Kennedy's whiskey."

Rep. Brad Miller (D-N.C.) reported a telephone death threat this week: A
constituent called his Washington office and reportedly threatened him because
he was not holding town halls.

And Saturday at a supermarket near Austin, Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D) was mobbed by
about 200 people. Some held signs calling Doggett a "traitor to Texas" and a
"devil to all people."

"This was very much feigned outrage that creates a phony grass-roots appearance
of people coming out with their pitchforks," Doggett said. "But the folks who
arose were Republican stalwarts."

"We all recognize that legitimate opposition is an important part of this
dialogue, but we also recognize that tactics like threatening an elected
official's life, hanging effigies and joking about someone's bout with cancer
have no place in public life," White House spokesman Reid Cherlin said Wednesday
night.

Many Democrats, however, have convened town halls with no fireworks. In
Virginia, Rep. Tom Perriello (D), a freshman in a vulnerable district, said his
nightly gatherings have been largely peaceful. "I think Southern hospitality is
winning the day," he said.

Rep. Chris Van Hollen (Md.), who chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee, said lawmakers are determined to continue holding town halls. The 30
most vulnerable Democrats are scheduled to hold more than 1,000 events this
month, he said.

Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) said she hopes conservative opponents understand
that being "rude and obnoxious is not very persuasive" if their objective is to
change lawmakers' minds.

Staff writers Ceci Connolly, Michael A. Fletcher and Perry Bacon Jr. contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Joey Gardner -- Salisbury Daily Times; On Maryland's Eastern
Shore, Rep. Frank M. Kratovil Jr. (D) talks to people protesting the Democrats'
health-care policy prior to a town hall meeting. An effigy of the freshman
congressman was recently hanged from a noose outside his district office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 11, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Critics of Plant Cheer Report's Findings

BYLINE:  By LISA W. FODERARO

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: GREENBURGH, N.Y., Jan. 10


Lawmakers and critics of the Indian Point nuclear plant renewed calls today for
the plant's immediate shutdown after the release of a report that called
evacuation plans for the plant unworkable.

From northern Westchester County, where the plant is located, to Washington,
reaction to the report, which was commissioned by Gov. George E. Pataki last
summer, was almost jubilant, with critics of the plant hoping it would lend
legitimacy to their cause.

In a news conference held today with county and state officials from Westchester
and Rockland Counties as well as antinuclear activists, Richard L. Brodsky, a
state assemblyman from Westchester, called the report a landmark.

"They tried to marginalize us -- 'It's the crazies, the environmentalists, the
people with beards,' " Mr. Brodsky said. "It's not. It's the soccer moms,
retired people and union members who have fought on the substance of one idea:
these evacuation plans need to be exposed for what they are."

But not everyone embraced the report. Mayor Dan O'Neill of Buchanan, home of
Indian Point, defended the plant and said he had only minor concerns about the
evacuation plan. "I continue to believe that the Indian Point nuclear power
plants are among the safest and most secure facilities in the country," he said.

Although nuclear plants contribute 87 percent of the village's property taxes,
Mr. O'Neill insisted that "Buchanan is not willing to trade safety for lower
taxes."

The report on the plant was prepared by a consulting firm run by James Lee Witt,
a former director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

It concluded that the county's plan for evacuating the area in the event of a
disaster at Indian Point, and the federal guidelines the plan rests on, do not
take into account the new threat of terrorism. The findings also criticize the
plan's premise that people beyond the 10-mile radius would not flee in the event
of a nuclear accident.

Mr. Brodsky, the chairman of the assembly's committee on corporations,
authorities and commissions, released an evaluation of the plant's emergency
plan last February that came to many of the same conclusions.

Today, Mr. Brodsky implored Governor Pataki and the executives of the four
counties -- Westchester, Rockland, Putnam and Orange -- surrounding the plant to
call for its immediate shutdown. He also asked those officials not to send the
Federal Emergency Management Agency its annual letters at the end of the month
certifying the county's emergency plans for the plant.

But the Westchester County executive, Andrew J. Spano, who today again urged
that the nuclear plant be closed, explained that the county's role was limited
as far as the approval process went. The county, he said, is merely given a
checklist to complete for the state Emergency Management Office, with specific
questions about the number of bus drivers at the ready and the number of
informational brochures distributed. The state then uses that information to
decide whether to certify the plan.

Still, opponents of the plant said that the consultant's report should motivate
the state and the counties not to certify their plans.

"They have not only a legal responsibility but a moral responsibility not to
participate in a farcical sham process by FEMA to pretend that these plans are
workable when they're not," said Alex Matthiessen, executive director of
Riverkeeper, an environmental group that has been a relentless critic of the
plant.

In Washington, the report's release prompted Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton to
say she would, among other things, reintroduce the Nuclear Security Act, which
calls for enhanced federal security and preparedness standards.

Representative Nita M. Lowey appealed to the director of the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, Joe M. Allbaugh, to decertify the emergency plan.
Representative Sue Kelly demanded that the plant be shut down, at least
temporarily.

In Westchester, the response was more personal. James E. Cavanaugh, town
supervisor in Eastchester, 23 miles southeast of the plant, said the report
confirmed what a lot of people have felt all along. "You can't get from White
Plains to the Tappen Zee Bridge during rush hour," he said, "so you're certainly
not going to be able to move tens of thousands of people away from the plant in
a short period of time."

Joan M. Thompson, the superintendent of the Hendrick Hudson school district,
which includes the plant in its borders, said the report highlighted weaknesses
she and others have long pointed out. She doubted, for instance, the plan's
supposition that bus drivers from around the county would be willing to drive
into the "belly of the beast," in the event of a major release of radiation to
help evacuate schoolchildren.

Some residents within the 10-mile radius said the report's findings confirmed
their darkest imaginings. Scott DeGiana, a Peekskill resident who owns a moving
company, said: "If an accident happens, we're dead men."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Alex Matthiessen, center, of Riverkeeper, a group critical of
the Indian Point nuclear plant, at a news conference yesterday in Greenburgh,
N.Y. (Richard L. Harbus for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                                August 21, 2000

IBM slowly opening up

By Michael Vizard, Tom Sullivan, and Ed Scannell

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 661 words

AS PART OF its crusade to marginalize operating systems such as Windows,
 IBM is leaning toward giving the Standard Edition of its WebSphere
 application server to the open-source community.

 As an extension to the Apache Web server technology, IBM hopes WebSphere will

 be one of the final pieces it needs to make sure all OS-level middleware
 services are available as open-source technologies.

 "Once we get the WebSphere run-time engine embedded in a wide variety of
 applications, this is the next logical step," said Valerie Olague, Somers,
 N.Y.-based director of product marketing for business transformation at IBM.


 For IBM, the key issue driving this move is to prevent Microsoft, Sun, or any

 other vendor from using a core technology to dominate the industry. This
 point was reinforced in the most recent edition of the IBM annual report, in

 which company CEO and Chairman Lou Gerstner said that eliminating technology

 choke points is a key goal for the company.

 IBM officials contend that their approach to enabling technologies is in
 sharp contrast to those of Microsoft and Sun, both of whom are leveraging
 their respective investments in Windows and Java to limit choice.

 "I think [IBM's] move is acknowledging [the] reality ... that more and more
 people are not building [applications] to specific operating system
 environments. Whenever possible, they are building to a higher level than the

 OS," said Dan Kusnetzky, senior analyst at IDC, in Framingham, Mass.

 In general, IBM officials said that efforts such as Microsoft.NET and Sun's
 iPlanet are little more than attempts to extend open technologies using
 proprietary technology.

 "The problem is that even if what they offer is 90 percent healthy and only
 10 percent rat poison, the rat poison is still going to kill you," said Scott

 Hebner, director of e-business marketing at the IBM Software Group.

 Hebner said that should Microsoft gain the acceptance of a major
 industry-standards body such as the European Computer Manufacturers'
 Association for its forthcoming C# initiative, IBM would likely place support

 for C# on a par with Java given Sun's reluctance to make Java a truly open
 standard.

 If IBM gives WebSphere to the open-source community, it will have a profound

 impact on the 40 or so vendors offering rival application servers, in that
 these products will become commodity level.

 "If all you're doing is spitting out EJBs [Enterprise JavaBeans], it doesn't

 matter what the app looks like," said Tracy Corbo, senior analyst at
 consultancy Hurwitz Group, in Framingham, Mass. "We might see consolidation
 because we don't need 40 application servers."

 As a result, Corbo continued, application server vendors such as Bluestone
 and BEA will have to address IBM's open-sourcing WebSphere to compete,
 although Corbo doubts such companies will release their application servers
 to the open-source community.


 What's on offer in WebSphere Standard Edition
 WebSphere SE's feature set could prove a boon to open-source developers.
 * Enhanced Java, leveraging Java 2 Software Development Kit V1.2.2
 * Support for JSPs (JavaServer Pages)
 * XML-compliant DTD (Document Type Definition) for JSPs
 * Support for the Java servlet 2.1
 * High-speed pooled database access
 * XML server tools
 * 7XSL (Extensible Stylesheet Language) support
 * IBM HTTP server
 * Tivoli Ready Modules
 * Machine translation for dynamic language translation of Web page content
 * Integration with IBM VisualAge for Java

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 InfoWorld Media Group


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

Indian prime minister readies for three-day Canada visit

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 687 words


VANCOUVER * Anticipation of an Indian prime minister's first visit to Canada in
42 years is building as fans and foes of Narendra Modi see him as either a rock
star of economic development that could benefit both countries or a suppressor
of minority rights.

Modi's three-day trip starting Tuesday is being billed by the Canadian Prime
Minister's Office as an opportunity to broaden the trade relationship involving
education, energy and science and technology.

Modi, who swept to power last May as leader of the Hindu nationalist party, will
attend official meetings in Ottawa before giving a speech at Ricoh Coliseum in
Toronto and then visiting both Sikh and Hindu temples in Vancouver and Surrey,
B.C.

Balpreet Singh, spokesman for the World Sikh Organization of Canada, said the
group is calling on Modi to address escalating attacks on minorities including
Christians and Muslims in India. The group also wants the two governments to
address attempts to marginalize Canadian Sikhs as extremists and denial of visas
for Sikhs in Canada.

Jatinder Singh Grewal of Sikhs For Justice said the group has asked Attorney
General Peter MacKay to start legal proceedings against Modi, who was a chief
minister in the Indian state of Gujarat in 2002, when minorities including Sikhs
and Muslims were killed in riots.

"People of that calibre do not have the right to enter the free world," Grewal
said, noting the United States denied Modi a visa in 2005 for his alleged role
in the riots though he was later cleared by a court and invited to the U.S. last
fall.

During a rousing speech at Madison Square Garden in New York last year, Modi was
hailed as a hero whose policies could jump-start the economy of the world's
largest democracy while benefiting international partners.

Protesters outside denounced Modi for human rights violations and Grewal said
his group will do the same in Toronto, where Modi is slated to visit a monument
honouring 329 victims of the Air India bombing in 1985 and at his visits to the
B.C. temples.

Grewal said Sikhs for Justice has called on Prime Minister Stephen Harper to ask
Modi to hold a referendum to create an independent homeland carved out of the
Indian state of Punjab.

He said 15,000 Sikhs across Canada have signed petitions for the referendum,
which would be held internationally in 2020 and allow Sikhs from around the
world to move to their indigenous state, develop their own economy beyond its
agricultural roots and live without fear of persecution.

Grewal, who is 36 and was born in Canada, said the separatist state that may be
called Khalistan would be a draw for Sikhs, similar to Jews who have chosen to
move to Israel from elsewhere and retain dual citizenship.

"It's our legal right under international law to have the right to
self-determination as defined in the United Nations," he said.

V.I. Lakshmanan, chairman for the non-partisan Canada India Foundation, which
fosters public policy and a stronger relationship between the two countries,
said Modi's visit could enhance economic and cultural opportunities for both
democracies.

"Beyond the economy, in terms of the global village how the two democracies can
come together can be very helpful," he said.

Ranjit Hayer, executive board member of the Khalsa Diwan Society, which runs the
Ross Street Sikh Temple, North America's largest gurdwara, said people wanting
to attend during Modi's 30-minute visit on Thursday had to apply to get in.

He said the RCMP are doing security checks on the 700 applicants but that only
about 300 people will be selected.

Hayer said Modi will also visit the temple's exhibit of the Komagata Maru
incident of May 1914, when the Canadian government denied entry to 376
passengers, mostly Sikhs, who were forced to returned to India aboard the
steamship.

Vancouver police Sgt. Randy Fincham said the department has been working with
the RCMP to prepare for Modi's visit, which includes a dinner with Prime
Minister Stephen Harper.

Indira Gandhi was the last Indian prime minister to visit Canada in 1973 when
Pierre Trudeau was Canada's prime minister. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Times &;
Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday

Indian prime minister's visit being met with mixed reaction

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


VANCOUVER - Anticipation of an Indian prime minister's first visit to Canada in
42 years is building as fans and foes of Narendra Modi see him as either a rock
star of economic development that could benefit both countries or a suppressor
of minority rights.

Modi's three-day trip, starting Tuesday, is being billed by the Canadian Prime
Minister's Office as an opportunity to broaden the trade relationship involving
education, energy and science and technology.

Modi, who swept to power last May as leader of the Hindu nationalist party, will
attend official meetings in Ottawa before giving a speech at Ricoh Coliseum in
Toronto and then visiting both Sikh and Hindu temples in Vancouver and Surrey,
B.C.

Balpreet Singh, spokesman for the World Sikh Organization of Canada, said the
group is calling on Modi to address escalating attacks on minorities including
Christians and Muslims in India. The group also wants the two governments to
address attempts to marginalize Canadian Sikhs as extremists and denial of visas
for Sikhs in Canada.

Jatinder Singh Grewal of Sikhs For Justice said the group has asked Attorney
General Peter MacKay to start legal proceedings against Modi, who was a chief
minister in the Indian state of Gujarat in 2002, when minorities including Sikhs
and Muslims were killed in riots.

"People of that calibre do not have the right to enter the free world," Grewal
said, noting the United States denied Modi a visa in 2005 for his alleged role
in the riots, though he was later cleared by a court and invited to the U.S.
last fall.

During a rousing speech at Madison Square Garden in New York last year, Modi was
hailed as a hero whose policies could jump-start the economy of the world's
largest democracy, while benefiting international partners.

Protesters outside denounced Modi for human rights violations and Grewal said
his group will do the same in Toronto, where Modi is slated to visit a monument
honouring 329 victims of the Air India bombing in 1985 and at his visits to the
B.C. temples.

Grewal said Sikhs for Justice has called on Prime Minister Stephen Harper to ask
Modi to hold a referendum to create an independent homeland carved out of the
Indian state of Punjab.

He said 15,000 Sikhs across Canada have signed petitions for the referendum,
which would be held internationally in 2020 and allow Sikhs from around the
world to move to their indigenous state, develop their own economy beyond its
agricultural roots and live without fear of persecution.

Grewal, who is 36 and was born in Canada, said the separatist state that may be
called Khalistan would be a draw for Sikhs, similar to Jews who have chosen to
move to Israel from elsewhere and retain dual citizenship.

"It's our legal right under international law to have the right to
self-determination as defined in the United Nations," he said.

V.I. Lakshmanan, chairman for the non-partisan Canada India Foundation, which
fosters public policy and a stronger relationship between the two countries,
said Modi's visit could enhance economic and cultural opportunities for both
democracies.

"Beyond the economy, in terms of the global village how the two democracies can
come together can be very helpful," he said.

Ranjit Hayer, executive board member of the Khalsa Diwan Society, which runs the
Ross Street Sikh Temple, North America's largest gurdwara, said people wanting
to attend during Modi's 30-minute visit on Thursday had to apply to get in.

He said the RCMP are doing security checks on the 700 applicants, but that only
about 300 people will be selected.

Hayer said Modi will also visit the temple's exhibit of the Komagata Maru
incident of May 1914, when the Canadian government denied entry to 376
passengers, mostly Sikhs, who were forced to return to India aboard the
steamship.

Vancouver police Sgt. Randy Fincham said the department has been working with
the RCMP to prepare for Modi's visit, which includes a dinner with Stephen
Harper.

Indira Gandhi was the last Indian prime minister to visit Canada in 1973 when
Pierre Trudeau was Canada's prime minister.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Bit of a Balancing Act for Republicans Critical of Paul

BYLINE: By RICHARD A. OPPEL Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 672 words


MANCHESTER, N.H. -- Republicans who were alarmed by the strong performance of
Representative Ron Paul in Tuesday's Iowa caucuses must tread carefully as they
deal with his rise: he has legions of supporters and could mount an independent
bid should be fail to get the party's nomination.

Surveys of voters as they prepared to caucus on Tuesday underscored the power
that Mr. Paul, a Texan, has to draw young voters, first-time voters and
independents to the Republican Party. These groups are sought after by a party
seeking to broaden its base, and they can be critical to turning out the vote in
the general election, as Barack Obama proved in 2008.

Mr. Paul has so far said he has ''no intention'' of competing in November unless
he wins the Republican nomination.

The 76-year-old Mr. Paul, the oldest candidate in the presidential race, had
strong backing from those under 40 on Tuesday night, winning support from half
of caucusgoers 24 and under and from nearly half of those between 25 and 29,
according to surveys conducted by Edison Research for television networks and
The Associated Press.

He also won about a third of the vote among people in their 30s, the data
suggest. The only age group that Mitt Romney won, according to the exit poll,
was caucusgoers 65 and older, helping propel him to victory.

Mr. Paul -- who arrives here in New Hampshire on Friday seeking to shore up
support before next week's primary -- also won the support of one-third of
first-time caucusgoers, suggesting his ability to draw new voters to the polls.

''If we marginalize these supporters who have been touched by Ron Paul and what
he has believed in over all these years, well, then, through either a
third-party run of Ron Paul's or the Democrats being able to capture some of
those independents and these Libertarians who have supported what Ron Paul's
been talking about, well, then the G.O.P. is going to lose,'' Sarah Palin said
Tuesday on Fox News.

But while his lower-tax, antigovernment platform lines up with the goals of
economic conservatives in the party, his antiwar and noninterventionist foreign
policy is viewed as heretical by many of the same voters. Gov. Rick Perry of
Texas has even gone as far as suggesting that Mr. Paul would allow Iran to build
nuclear weapons to ''wipe Israel off the face of the earth,'' with the United
States perhaps to follow. But Mr. Perry's state chairman in South Carolina,
Katon Dawson, drew a distinction between candidate-driven campaign-trail attacks
on Mr. Paul and any deeper criticism by the Republican establishment.

''I don't think you can say the Republican Party is whacking Ron Paul. I haven't
seen evidence of it,'' said Mr. Dawson. But he said the party must be careful
not to alienate his supporters, especially independents, whose numbers are
growing faster than those of voters registered in either party.

''We need them,'' he said. ''Barack Obama has got all hands on deck, and we have
to have every independent that comes in the booth. There is a risk of alienating
a lot of groups the Republican Party needs.''

The question is, Just how many of Mr. Paul's supporters really are potential
Republican loyalists? Some of his organizers are famously known for saying they
would work for him or for no one.

In fact, the Iowa surveys also confirmed what rival Republican campaigns have
long maintained: that as much of Mr. Paul's support comes from those who are not
Republicans as from those who are. Independent voters -- who made up about a
quarter of caucusgoers -- supported Mr. Paul 43 percent of the time, the data
suggests. Among those who identified themselves as Republicans -- three-quarters
of caucusgoers -- he picked up just 14 percent.

That support base could hamper him in primaries in which voting is limited to
registered members of the party.

The bottom line: Mr. Paul's absolute vote total in Iowa was split close to
evenly between Republicans and independents, while the other leading candidates
got 80 percent or more of their support from self-identified Republicans.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ron Paul's supporters at a caucus-night party in Ankeny, Iowa.
Other candidates must make sure not to alienate his backers. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ERIC
THAYER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 11, 2010 Saturday

Rough play

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 438 words


The Kansas Chamber of Commerce is playing political hardball, and not all of the
organization's members are happy about it.

Their displeasure is understandable, because the chamber may be shooting itself
- and its members - in the foot with its increasingly harsh tactics.

Stung by the Legislature's approval this year of a sales-tax increase the
chamber bitterly opposed, the state group went on the offensive.

It recruited candidates to run in the August primary against several Republican
House members who'd voted in favor of the increase. Its political action
committee has begun raising funds to stage attack campaigns against some House
Democrats in the upcoming general election.

That's all well within the chamber's rights, but the organization risks
alienating moderate Republicans and Democrats in the process.

While the chamber remains firmly aligned with staunch conservatives, its
campaigns against candidates in the middle and on the left threaten to
marginalize it on the far right.

That's not necessarily a good place for lobbyists to be. It's hard to influence
people through closed doors.

Hence the nervousness among a few local chamber members.

It's not the only source of discomfort between the locals and the state
organization, either. As the debate over the tax increase was raging, 14
chambers broke ranks by releasing a letter expressing support for a "rational"
tax bump. The breakaway chambers argued it was needed to prevent deeper cuts in
public schools, state universities, transportation infrastructure and other
basics.

Some businesses also have cut ties to the chamber. Perhaps the most remarkable
member of that group is J.E. Dunn Construction, although it should be noted that
Dunn is the lead contractor for the Statehouse renovation project.

Granted, there are times when the state chamber's mission will not square with
the goals of local chambers.

Because state government plays such a prominent role in Topeka's economy, for
example, it stands to reason that the chamber here would be more willing to
accept a tax increase than the state organization, whose duty is to protect the
interests of businesses statewide.

So it would be impossible for the state chamber to please all of its members on
every matter. Considering its membership includes 750 companies and 70 local
chambers, there's bound to be dissension from time to time.

But the chamber's growing reputation as a take-no-prisoners political player
only adds to the friction.

It would be one thing if the chamber supported candidates in line with its
agenda, but actively gunning for those with opposing views is a matter of
justifiable concern.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 19, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Amex-Nasdaq deal could spur others

BYLINE: David Rynecki

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 328 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- The National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD)
and the American Stock Exchange agreed Wednesday to a merger that
challenges the New York Stock Exchange and could spur realignment
of other markets.

The deal promises to revive the Amex, the nation's third-largest
market, with $ 100 million in new technology and allows the NASD
to offer an alternative system to the Nasdaq Stock Market, the
No. 2 market. The NASD also gains a solid foothold in options
trading.


"The combined organization will create a market of markets,"
NASD Chairman Frank Zarb told a news conference, adding that mergers
with other markets are conceivable. "This is a major plus for
the investor. We drive down costs big time."

Under terms of the agreement, both markets will share a common
technology but will remain separate entities under the NASD umbrella.
Listed companies will have a choice of two vastly different market
structures: the Nasdaq's computer-driven dealer system and the
"open outcry" Amex.

But first, the 864 Amex members and the Securities and Exchange
Commission must provide formal approval. Members already expressed
concern that the merger marginalizes their business and could
devalue their seats. George Reichhelm, a 40-year Amex veteran,
sold his seat last week for the below-market price of $ 425,000
in protest. Others want more details before making a decision.

Critics say the NASD has yet to explain how it plans to save hundreds
of millions of dollars annually other than by combining administrative
operations. "This reminds me of some of these corporate mergers
where it seems to be something other than fundamental economics
that are driving the merger," Professor Craig Pirrong at Washington
University says.

Amex Chairman Richard Syron says his market made a choice "to
determine our own destiny . . . one way or the other, the world
of exchanges is going to be different after this."

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            November 17, 2013 Sunday
                                2 Tampa Edition

GMS SEEK TO MARGINALIZE SHOOTOUTS

BYLINE: DAMIAN CRISTODERO

SECTION: SPORTS; LIGHTNING; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 407 words


Death to the shootout.

It will not happen, of course. Television demands regular-season games conclude
with a winner and a loser, and fans seem to like the game-ending gimmick.

But general managers last week, by seriously talking about extending and
modifying overtime, acknowledged they want to end regular-season games by
playing the game, not with a glorified skills contest that has no resemblance to
the 65 minutes that come before it.

Proposals include extending the five-minute, sudden-death, four-on-four overtime
to eight or 10 minutes and, more radically, playing five minutes four-on-four
and five minutes three-on-three.

Playing three-on-three, the theory goes, creates more open ice for players to be
creative. It also means fewer players to defend if mistakes are made, creating
more scoring chances. As Lightning right wing Teddy Purcell joked, "Just another
reason for coaches to get mad at you."

But would three-on-three really create a more exciting finish? Lightning coach
Jon Cooper isn't so sure. He also made it sound as if three-on-three is a little
too close to the gimmick that is the shootout.

"Less guys on the ice doesn't mean more scoring," he said. "I'm not going to say
if I'm for or against it, but people would rather watch a hockey game. I'd
rather watch a 10-minute four-on-four than a five-minute three-on-three.
Three-on-three becomes a guy basically lugging the puck around. There is more
room on the ice, but it becomes a one-on-one game. You might as well just go to
a shootout. That's a one-on-one game, too."

Said Purcell: "You don't want to make a mistake, so it does turn into a chess
match with not a lot of guys taking chances."

Purcell said he'd like to see some modification to overtime if only to avoid
what happened in 2009-10, when the Flyers won a playoff spot over the Rangers by
beating New York in a shootout in their regular-season finale.

"That," Purcell said, "is a tough way to settle things."

The proposals will get a further airing at March's GM meetings, and Lightning
general manager Steve Yzerman said he would prefer to see a longer four-on-four
overtime because he believes four-on-four is "extremely exciting."

Captain Marty St. Louis said perhaps teams should be required to play
four-on-four with only one defenseman. From the other side of the locker room,
someone suggested three-on-three with no goalies.

That certainly would eliminate the need for shootouts.

- cristodero@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Grade deflation: Group marginalizes lawmaker's worth

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 237 words


The Legislature's been out of session since late May, but it's never too late to
score a political point by ranking lawmakers, right? An activist group founded
by trial lawyers ranked legislators this week on how "right" or "wrong" they
were on a range of issues considered important to the group. In our view, the
lower the ranking, the better the lawmaker is for business and the average
citizen.

Legislative scorecards, rolled out annually by groups all along the political
spectrum, are usually good for little more than a one-day splash in the media,
no matter who produces them. Voters typically don't consider the scorecards when
going to their polling places.

Only one legislator got a perfect score on ratings released by the Oklahoma
Foundation for Consumer & Patient Rights. None scored less than 50 percent. In
general, Democrats scored better than Republicans.

Rep. Kris Steele, R-Shawnee, was graded at just 66 percent despite being the
co-author of at least two bills cherished by the foundation. Steele has done
more than almost any lawmaker in recent years to advance the cause of health
care for lower-income Oklahomans.

He's passionate about improving care and lowering the number of uninsured
Oklahomans. Apparently, though, he voted the "wrong" way on too many bills to
achieve even a "C" average on the scorecard. By "wrong," of course, we mean
bills sought by trial lawyers for their own enrichment.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 6, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

AVERSION TO FAT KEEPS SURGEONS BUSY ON BREASTS

SECTION: YOUR LIFE; Pg. G07

LENGTH: 677 words


Americans love big breasts. That's bad because if you gain weight to get bigger
breasts you might get fatter, and here in America, we hate fat.

That is why women look at other women's breasts displayed on fashion magazine
covers. We look to torment ourselves. It's much more neurotic than erotic.

I began exploring this question last week, but just scratched the surface of
what could be a military-industrial-fashion-entertainment complex conspiracy.

"Our societal standard is a woman who's thin, toned and muscular, and has
curves, mainly in the breasts," said David Sarwer, a psychologist at the
University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine's Penn Center for Human
Appearance. "That collection of features rarely occurs in nature."

Hollywood deceives us in many ways, he said, by carefully positioning, lighting,
airbrushing, and digitally enhancing women to look more like this ideal. Not
surprisingly, about a third of American women report they are dissatisfied with
the size and shape of their breasts, Dr. Sarwer said. Each year, more than
250,000 get breast implants.

Hundreds of before-and-after pictures are easy to find on the Web. What they
make clear is that we're already deep into the dystopian future predicted by
movies such as Gattaca, in which enhanced humans run the world and marginalize
the few remaining "naturals." How naive of those filmmakers to think we'd start
by enhancing our brains!

Why do women do it? Ted Eisenberg, a Philadelphia plastic surgeon who
specializes in breast enhancement, said many of his patients complain their
breasts changed during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Others are intensely
self-conscious about their asymmetrical breasts. He doesn't treat 16-year-olds
who get implants as a birthday present, he said; that situation is rare, at
least outside California.

Other women, he said, want implants because they feel disproportional. Their
tops are too small, they think, for their bottoms.

I could see that in maybe a few of the before pictures, but most of them looked
fine. Why would they want to go under the knife? The clue appears a little
lower, where the ribs jut out.

These were skinny women. They looked like they needed pasta, not major surgery.
One was listed as 5-foot-6 and 110 pounds. Breasts are mostly fat. How can the
body maintain them when it's deprived of the vital building material?

The implants are more about looking better in clothes than looking better naked,
Dr. Eisenberg said. Women who once had trouble finding flattering blouses can
suddenly wear anything.

Of course, those fashion designers are in on it. They're giving us clothes that
fit the enhanced and make naturals feel deficient, or, in other cases, fat.

Even Eve Ensler, the author of the Vagina Monologues, has fought the
mind-infecting influence of the conspiracy. Though she's spent years raising
consciousness and erasing shame over women's most taboo and secret body parts,
she can't seem to deal with her own stomach fat.

Even as her play was demystifying the vagina around the world, stomach fat was
always on her mind.

In her new semiautobiographical performance piece, The Good Body, Ms. Ensler
contemplates going after the coveted Cosmo cover figure from the other direction
- maintaining enough fat to sport full breasts and then getting the rest
liposuctioned away. Lots of women go this route, but thankfully she decides
against it.

The biggest hazard of all this dysmorphic body angst is that it cuts into our
precious time when there are so many important things to do. That's what Ms.
Ensler concluded. If she really wanted to fit society's ideal, she said, she
wouldn't be fighting against war, censorship or rape.

"I would be sucking, spending, scrubbing, shaving, pumping, pricking, piercing,
perming, cutting, covering, lightening, tightening, hammering, flattening,
waxing, whittling, starving and ultimately vanishing," she said.

YOU CAN REACH FAYE FLAM, A SCIENCE WRITER AT THE PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER, AT
215-854-4977 OR FFLAMPHILLYNEWS.COM. TO SEE HER RECENT WORK OR POST A COMMENT GO
TO HTTP://GO.PHILLY.COM/ASKFLAM.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday
                                 Drive Edition

Southern Baptists vote to oppose Scout policy

BYLINE: Carla Hinton, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


HOUSTON - The Southern Baptist Convention approved a resolution Wednesday
expressing its opposition to and disappointment in the Boy Scouts of America's
new policy allowing gay Scouts.

The resolution was voted on by members at the denomination's annual meeting in
Houston. It also calls on the Boy Scouts to remove executive and board leaders
who tried to allow gays as both members and leaders without consulting the
religious groups that sponsor Scout troops.

While the resolution does not recommend that Southern Baptists drop ties with
the Scouts, it expresses support for those churches and families that decide to
do so.

Oklahomans react

The Rev. Nick Garland, president of the Baptist General Convention of Oklahoma,
the Oklahoma affiliate of the SBC, said the resolution was a way for Baptists to
address a complicated issue.

"Southern Baptist messengers dealt with a complex, controversial issue in a wise
way - one that simultaneously restated in a reasonable manner our well known
stance on the issue of homosexuality as it related to Scouting and also offered
a positive, prayerful path for churches wishing to provide ministry to boys,"
Garland, who attended the Houston meeting, said Wednesday. Garland is senior
pastor of First Baptist Church of Broken Arrow.

However, Scott Hamilton, executive director of the Cimarron Alliance, an
advocacy organization for the Oklahoma City metro lesbian, gay, bisexual and
transgender community, expressed harsh criticism over the measure, saying it
"will further marginalize children who are already marginalized by society."

"I think that anyone today who stands in opposition to equality for all people,
especially children, will soon find themselves on the wrong side of history,"
said Hamilton, who is associate pastor of Church of the Open Arms in Oklahoma
City. "To pass a resolution such as this signals to a whole new generation that
the Baptist church is not a welcoming place for young people who are gay,
lesbian, transgender and bisexual."

Other issues

Because all Southern Baptist churches are independent, the denomination cannot
force a church to drop ties with the Scouts.

However, churches occasionally are kicked out of the convention for practices
considered incompatible with Southern Baptist beliefs.

The resolution takes a softer tone than the denomination has many times in the
past - something that the Rev. Wade Burleson, senior pastor of Emmanuel Baptist
Church in Enid, said he found surprising and helpful.

"I am extremely grateful that there was no boycott of the Boy Scouts. When you
end up boycotting organizations you don't like, you end up doing more harm than
good," Burleson said.

Burleson said he liked the idea that Baptist congregations will ultimately make
the final decision about sponsoring Boy Scout troops.

Burleson said the Boy Scouts is a worthy organization in which many good people
are involved.

He said the resolution approved Wednesday is sensitive to Baptist churches that
want to continue sponsoring Boy Scout troops because it is a good outreach for
young people and their families.

Hamilton said young people affected by the convention's resolution will look for
support outside the church if they do not get it from within.

"Eventually they will seek other places to find validation and support and if
they can't find it at home or at church, my fear is it will be in a bar, in a
crack house or out on the streets," he said.

In other resolutions introduced Wednesday, the membership passed a resolution
calling on all Southern Baptists to report allegations of child abuse to
authorities.

The nation's largest Protestant denomination has resisted implementing some type
of database of ministers accused of abuse, saying all churches are independent
and the denomination does not have the authority to order local churches to
submit that information.

Members amended the resolution to urge denominational leaders to use caution
affiliating with groups or individuals with questionable practices for
protecting children.

It is unclear whether the amendment was aimed at any specific person or
practice, but it comes after some Southern Baptist leaders expressed support for
Sovereign Grace Ministries. That group faces accusations that church officials
covered up child sexual abuse.

Burleson, who did not attend the national gathering in Houston, spoke out at the
SBC's annual meeting in 2007 to request that convention leadership consider
setting up a database to track sexual predators preying on Baptist
congregations.

Contributing:  The Associated Press


LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Contributing: The Associated Press

GRAPHIC: The Rev. Fred Luter Jr., president of the Southern Baptist Convention,
and senior pastor of the Franklin Avenue Baptist Church in New Orleans, speaks
Wednesday to denomination members in Houston. AP PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               May 22, 2001, Tuesday, 4 State / Suncoast Edition

Raiders lose suit vs. NFL

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 620 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES



Al Davis and the Oakland Raiders lost a $ 1.2-billion lawsuit that claimed the
NFL sabotaged a deal for a new stadium and forced the team to leave Los Angeles.

A jury voted 9-3 Monday in favor of the NFL, rejecting breach of contract
claims, unjust enrichment and other violations of the league constitution and
bylaws. It also rejected that the NFL acted with "oppression, malice or fraud"
in dealing with the team that left Los Angeles in 1995 after negotiations fell
through for a stadium at Hollywood Park.

Neither Davis nor  commissioner Paul Tagliabue was in the courtroom for the
verdict. Tagliabue, who testified, was in Chicago to prepare for owners
meetings.

Davis, an NFL maverick often at odds with the league and fellow owners, sat in
the front row throughout the six-week trial and spent five days on the stand.

"The jury upheld the NFL's position on all issues in the case," NFL spokesman
Joe Browne said. "The truth regarding what happened is found in the Raiders' own
June 23, 1995, media release announcing their decision to leave Los Angeles. It
stated: "The Raiders organization has chosen to relocate to Oakland.' "

Raiders attorney Joe Alioto said the team will review the decision to determine
if the verdict will be appealed.

The NFL made three major gains with the verdict, said David Carter, a sports
marketing consultant.

"It reinforces their authority as the league's governing authority. It allows
them to gain some control over the L.A. market. And I think it begins to
marginalize Al Davis in the eyes of some of the National Football League,"
Carter said.

In 1982, Davis moved his team from Oakland to Los Angeles. After the 1995
season, the Raiders moved back to Oakland, and the Rams went to St. Louis,
leaving the city without an NFL franchise.

When the NFL decided to expand to 32 teams, it preferred to put a franchise in
Los Angeles. However, various groups could not get their plans together, and a
site could not be agreed upon. So the team was awarded to Houston, which had
lost the Oilers to Tennessee.

BEARS: With an offer from one team in hand, former Eagles personnel boss Tom
Modrak will interview this week for the general manager's job.

Modrak will fly to Chicago to interview with president and chief executive
officer Ted Phillips, Bills general manager Tom Donahoe said. Donahoe told
Modrak he has a job with the Bills if he is interested.

"We spoke again this morning with Tom and reiterated our interest in trying to
get him here in Buffalo," said Donahoe, who worked with Modrak when both were
with the Steelers.

BILLS: Buffalo bolstered its offensive line by claiming Craig Heimburger off
waivers from the Bengals.

EAGLES: Former Dolphins scout Tom Heckert was hired as director of player
personnel.

Heckert will manage the college and pro scouting departments, and work on all
player personnel matters with coach Andy Reid.

RAVENS: The Supreme Court declined to review the case of an amateur artist who
successfully claimed the team stole his idea for a logo.

The court's action, taken without comment, is a victory for artist Frederick
Bouchat. Bouchat faxed his drawing to an office shared by team owner Art Modell
months before the Ravens' shield-shaped logo made its debut.

Bouchat, a security guard who never went to high school, contended the Ravens
logo is a copy of a bird and shield drawing he made in 1995, before the
expansion team's name or logo were chosen.

He sued the Ravens and a division of the NFL for $ 10-million, and jurors sided
with him after a five-week trial in federal court in Baltimore in 1998.

BRONCOS: The team signed rookie defensive back Greg Brown and released
quarterback Steve Stenstrom.


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Al Davis

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Travis GOP officials move to marginalize Morrow

BYLINE: Sean Collins Walsh American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1045 words


Travis County Republican Party officials are taking the first steps to distance
the party from Robert Morrow, the conspiracy theorist whose election last week
as county GOP chairman made national news.

Party insiders are collecting signatures from precinct chairmen on a letter
meant to limit any damage caused to the party by Morrow, who will take office in
June, and the county GOP's executive committee was expected to take up a
resolution condemning its chairman-elect at a meeting Tuesday night. On
Saturday, Morrow's own precinct rejected his request to become a delegate to his
state senatorial district GOP convention, the first step in the process that
leads up to the state convention in May.

The letter, which county officials began distributing at Tuesday's meeting,
states that its signers wish to "disassociate" themselves from Morrow. "We are
happy to work with Republicans from all backgrounds who share the basic
principles of the Republican Party, but Mr. Morrow's personal history of
disrespect and lack of common decency give us considerable concerns about his
ability to lead the Travis County Republican Party," the letter says. "We are
praying that Mr. Morrow seeks help."

Brendan Steinhauser, an Austin-based GOP strategist and precinct chairman, said
he helped write the letter.

"This is a situation where the precinct chairmen of the Travis County Republican
Party need to come together do the right thing and make it clear that these
types of comments do not reflect our values as conservatives, as Republicans, as
decent, good people," Steinhauser said.

Morrow has doggedly promoted his theories over the years on the assassination of
President John F. Kennedy and various theories on the Bushes and Clintons,
including that the two families have conspired in organized crime. His lewd
tweets are directed at Republicans and Democrats alike.

It's unclear what, if anything, the party can do beyond criticizing Morrow,
whose stream of profane and offensive Twitter posts continued Tuesday. The
office is enshrined in the Texas Election Code, and Morrow would have to commit
a felony or not show up to meetings to be removed.

"They have no legal recourse, and they are neutered gerbils, and the people of
Travis County have spoken as to my candidacy," Morrow said.

Travis GOP Vice Chairman Matt Mackowiak, a political strategist, has said he and
others are researching ways to prevent Morrow from taking office or to limit his
power once he does.

But Austin City Council Member Don Zimmerman, who helped Morrow run for precinct
chairman in the past, says the party should put the brakes on the anti-Morrow
effort.

"His views do not reflect the values of the Republican platform, but he did win
the Republican primary," said Zimmerman, who is a conservative Republican
activist and holds a nonpartisan elected office. "I don't like the whole
situation. I'd rather have this put off until May or June, when he gets closer
to taking office."

Zimmerman said he met Morrow in 2003 when they were campaigning against the
creation of the Central Heath district because it entailed a new property tax.
Morrow was the hardest-working activist in the area, Zimmerman said. But Morrow
changed in recent years, Zimmerman said, and the council member no longer
supports his views.

"He has changed in the last five or six years. Some of the posts and some of the
rants he's been quoted on - he didn't used to do that a decade ago. So I'm not
sure what's going on," Zimmerman said. "He may be doing that for publicity
reasons, and obviously I don't support what he's been doing recently."

Zimmerman said he helped Morrow campaign for precinct chairman "years ago."
Morrow, however, said Zimmerman helped him in 2014 when he lost to Pattie Walker
in a runoff for Precinct 212 chairman.

Morrow said he's not sure if he ran before 2014 and might have done so in 2012.
County records show Morrow having run for precinct chairman only in 2014, but
party elections in 2012 were scrambled by the legal saga involving Texas'
redistricting maps, and the county records might not reflect elections that the
county party held internally. Morrow said he didn't run for office before 2012.

Morrow said that, despite Zimmerman's suggestion that his social media posts
have become more extreme in recent years, he doesn't believe he has changed.

"It's been pretty much the same for years, but then again most people have
ignored my Twitter page," Morrow said. "Don Zimmerman and I are longtime friends
and anti-tax activists at the grass-roots level."

Asked about Zimmerman's comments on Morrow's recent posts, Morrow said, "That's
not surprising. I have no problem with that. I also have no problem with any
other Republican politician distancing themselves from me. I just don't care."

Contact Sean Collins Walsh

at 512-912-2939.

Twitter: @seancwalsh

letter concerning RObert Morrow
  Letter on Robert Morrow being circulated among Travis County GOP precinct
chairs:
  Dear Travis County voters,
  Due to historic outrageous and vulgar public statements made by Robert
Morrow, the newly elected (on March 1) Travis County Republican Party chairman,
 we feel it is our obligation to take a public stance before his position
begins June 2016.
  There is significant public objection to allow him to take office as he does
not reflect the values of our Republican Party nor the values of common decency
 and respect for others. We disassociate ourselves with Mr. Morrow's use of the
 chairman's position as a "bully pulpit" as he does not speak for Republicans
in Texas. This is very disappointing to many of us who work hard to promote the
 party and its candidates, and we are praying that Mr. Morrow seeks help.
  Our Travis County Republican Party family stands strong, united, and
committed
  to the mission of life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness in an open and free
 society
  with prosperous communities and flourishing families. We are happy to work
  with Republicans from all backgrounds who share the basic principles of the
Republican Party, but Mr. Morrow's personal history of disrespect and lack of
common decency give us considerable concerns about his ability to lead the
Travis County Republican Party.
  We invite you to join us as we work to improve the Travis County Republican
Party.


LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 18, 2016 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

MLK speaker decries language that marginalizes young African-American men

BYLINE:  By Jim Gallagher St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 406 words


FERGUSON o The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. used "words as paint" to draw a
portrait of a society beyond racism, says Leah Gunning Francis.

The Eden Theological Seminary associate dean in remarks at a King holiday
commemoration Sunday afternoon decried a media-fanned language she contends is
moving the dialogue on race in the opposite direction.

"Who decided that the word thug should be attached to African-American young
men?" Francis asked the commemoration of the King holiday at the Florissant
Valley campus of St. Louis Community College.

Francis, the keynote speaker at the annual event, is the author of "Ferguson and
Faith: Sparking Leadership and Awakening Community."

She deplored conversations that "depict so many young men as thugs and denigrate
young women."

The images, Francis said, create discrimination, encourage violence and prompt
people who don't know young black men to assume the worst.

It was negative words and images, she added, that prompted George Zimmerman to
assume that a black 17-year-old walking through the neighborhood was up to no
good.

Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch volunteer, called police, then shot the teen,
Trayvon Martin, during a struggle in Sanford, Fla., in 2012. A jury found
Zimmerman not guilty of homicide. Martin was walking to join his father at a
home in the same neighborhood.

A false stereotype of black men has "created an imagination that is
death-dealing," she said. "Words do in fact create worlds."

By contrast, King's words spoke of hope and healing. His famous "I Have a Dream"
speech in 1963 aspired toward a better society. It was "a spoken word that lived
and breathed and continued to find life and meaning," Francis said.

---

MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. DAY EVENTS

Old Courthouse When o 10 a.m. Monday Where o  Downtown St. Louis Program o
Speeches; march to Washington Tabernacle Baptist Church, 3200 Washington Avenue
for interfaith service.

Christ Church Cathedral When o  9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday Where o 13th and Locust
streets Program o Daylong reading of writings and speeches of King. Drop-in
event.

Southern Illinois University Edwardsville When o  8 a.m. Wednesday Where o
Morris University Center Conference Center  Program o Black Lives Matter
conference and King remembrance lunch. Registration required for the free
conference at siue.edu/blm2016. Lunch follows at 11:30 a.m. featuring the Rev.
Traci Blackmon. $25 for lunch; call 618-650-3208.

More events o www.hssu.edu

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Leah Gunning Francis speaks about her book, "Ferguson & Faith:
Sparking Leadership & Awakening Community," at Left Bank Books on Aug. 4, 2015.
Photo by Brad Lyons/Courtesy of Chalice Press  Leah Gunning Francis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

CARDINAL SAYS 'RADICAL FEMINISM' MARGINALIZES MEN, FOSTERS ABUSE

BYLINE:  MIKE TIGHE  La Crosse Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: LA CROSSE


Cardinal Raymond Burke blames radical feminism for many problems perceived in
the Catholic Church, including clergy sexual abuse of boys and the decline in
vocations to the priesthood.

Confusion about men's identity and roles has festered for 50 years, the former
bishop of the La Crosse Diocese is quoted as saying in an interview with Matthew
James Christoff, founder of the New Emangelization Project, a men's ministry
initiative.

"It's due to a number of factors, but the radical feminism which has assaulted
the church and society since the 1960s has left men very marginalized," said
Burke, a native of Richland Center.

"Unfortunately, the radical feminist movement strongly influenced the church,
leading the church to constantly address women's issues at the expense of
addressing critical issues important to men," Burke told Christoff during the
interview, conducted when Burke was in La Crosse last month to celebrate the
feast day of the Shrine of Guadalupe he founded when he was bishop.

Burke declined an interview with the La Crosse Tribune during that visit, saying
he couldn't fit it into his schedule.

"The goodness and importance of men became very obscured and, for all practical
purposes, were not emphasized at all," Burke told Christoff.

Christoff, who lives in the Minneapolis area, converted to Catholicism in 2006
and founded the project in 2013 "to help the church confront the Catholic
?man-crisis,'" according to the project's website.

"There can be no New Evangelization without a New Emangelization, creating
generations of Catholic men who are on fire for Jesus Christ and His Holy
Catholic Church," the website says.

Church ?very feminized'

Because of the "man-crisis," Burke said, the church became "very feminized.
Women are wonderful, of course. They respond very naturally to the invitation to
be active in the church. Apart from the priest, the sanctuary has become full of
women.

"The activities in the parish and even the liturgy have been influenced by women
and have become so feminine in many places that men do not want to get
involved," he said.

Men opt out early in life, the former archbishop of St. Louis said, adding, "The
introduction of girl servers also led many boys to abandon altar service. Young
boys don't want to do things with girls. It's just natural."

The Vatican approved girl servers in 1983, a decision that was reaffirmed in
1994, with the notation that boy servers should be encouraged because that role
was viewed as an apprenticeship of sorts for the priesthood.

In July 1994, La Crosse Bishop John Paul decreed that females could serve at the
altar, at the discretion of the pastor.

When Burke was bishop of La Crosse, he advanced regulations during a diocesan
synod in 2000 that only males could serve at pontifical Masses, which are those
where a bishop presides, according to diocesan records. The reason cited was the
vocational connection and the possibility of the bishop becoming acquainted with
young men who might be interested in the priesthood.

The synod stipulated: "The practice of having only male servers for the
pontifical ceremonies, as a means for the Diocesan Bishop to promote vocations
to the priesthood, is to be continued."

Burke contended in the interview that the advent of female servers reduced
priestly vocations.

But recently, he said, "We can also see that our seminaries are beginning to
attract many strong young men who desire to serve God as priests. The new crop
of young men are manly and confident about their identity.

"This is a welcome development, for there was a period of time when men who were
feminized and confused about their own sexual identity had entered the
priesthood," Burke said. "Sadly, some of these disordered men sexually abused
minors ? a terrible tragedy for which the church mourns."

Burke also acknowledges the abuse of women, saying, "Everyone understands that
women have and can be abused by men. Men who abuse women are not true men, but
false men who have violated their own manly character by being abusive to
women."

Many men don't go to confession today because the concept of sin has
disappeared, said Burke, who was demoted last fall from his position as head of
the Vatican's highest court after making remarks critical of Pope Francis.

"The denial of sin was a breakdown in the sense of what is demanded of men as
men of Christ, " Burke told Christoff in the 3,670-word interview, the full
transcript of which is available at www.newemangelization. com.

To repair that rift, priests must reengage men in the importance of the Mass,
the family, modesty and their roles as fathers, Burke said.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Bill would give Kinston mayor veto power

BYLINE: David Anderson, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words


March 11--The mayor of Kinston is largely a figurehead position, but if the
General Assembly passes House Bill 310, that position could become much more
powerful.

"One of the impetuses for looking for something like this is the City Council's
actions regarding the mayor in the past few weeks," said Rep. Stephen LaRoque,
R-Lenoir, the bill's sponsor.

The members of the City Council and Mayor B.J. Murphy have been at odds in
recent weeks over Murphy's support of a bill by LaRoque to repeal Kinston's
annexation when the council was against it.

"It appears that they tried to marginalize the mayor in his position," LaRoque
said.

Murphy refused to sign a resolution passed unanimously by the council opposing
LaRoque's annexation legislation, and then wrote a letter to the legislature
expressing his support of the bill, without telling the council.

The council voted to remove Murphy from the U.S. 70 Corridor Commission --
although they stressed it was not related -- and later passed an ordinance
stripping the mayor of his traditional duty of signing council resolutions and
other documents.

"The elected chief executives in our country tend to have the veto," LaRoque
said, noting that the president of the United States and governors have the
power to veto legislation.

He said only a few mayors in North Carolina have veto power, though. One
exception is the mayor of Charlotte, and LaRoque consulted with former Charlotte
Mayor and gubernatorial candidate Pat McCrory when developing HB 310.

"It's uncommon, but my belief is, once other mayors see the bill, they're going
to want it, too," he said.

HB 310 amends the Kinston city charter to give the mayor power to "veto any
action adopted by the council, including ordinances and resolutions."

In order to make a veto, the mayor must give the city clerk written
notification, and the item in question would be placed on the agenda for the
following meeting. The item must then be re-approved by a four-fifths majority
council vote to become effective, according to the legislation.

"If it passes it would be a tool that I would use, hopefully on a rare
occasion," Murphy said of a veto. "But I do think it goes without saying that
our democracy demands a system of checks and balances, whether that's city
government, state government or at the federal level."

The mayor said he most likely would not veto items unanimously passed by the
council -- such as the resolution against LaRoque's annexation bill -- but he
would have vetoed the votes to remove him from the commission or to remove his
signing rights.

"We just need sometimes a chance to pause and hopefully let cooler heads
prevail, and that's what the veto will do," Murphy said. "It'll give us a bit
more time to do that, assuming it passes, of course."

David Anderson can be reached at 252-559-1077 or danderson@freedomenc.com

BREAKOUT BOX:

Rep. Stephen LaRoque has been a primary sponsor of the following local bills:

HB 5-Kinston Annexation Repealed

HB 156-Lenoir County Fox Trapping

HB 310-Kinston Mayoral Veto

HB 66-Greene County Commissioners (would create commissioner districts)

He also has been a co-sponsor of four local bills regarding Wayne County this
session

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110311-KI-Bill-would-give-Kinston-mayor-veto-power-0311-20110311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2011 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 12, 2008 Saturday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Publicly Financed Elections

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTER; Pg.

LENGTH: 128 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Drowning in Special-Interest Money'' (editorial, Jan. 2):

We need strong, alternative voices to marginalize special-interest media
campaigns that mislead voters. If only voters would recognize the net gain of
allocating a few billion for publicly financed election campaigns. That would
likely save taxpayers tens of billions from the tax exemptions and public
expenditures that elected officials now support to please the contributors they
need.

Alternatively, schools (indirectly through students) and libraries, allied with
journalists, should engage the public with entertaining games and contests that
also teach voters what they need to know to compare candidates based on their
relevant attributes.

Mark S. Nadel Arlington, Va., Jan. 2, 2008

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 28, 2009 Saturday

Effective advocacy

BYLINE: Tribune Editorial

SECTION: BREAKING; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 417 words


Utah Senate Bill 214, which would make the independent Committee of Consumer
Services part of the state Department of Commerce, is called the "Office of
Consumer Services Act." The "Public Utility Windfall Act" would be a better
name.

This misguided measure would politicize the office, marginalize the committee
and redraw the advocacy agency's organizational flow chart, essentially moving
politicians and utility lobbyists to the top of the list.

The committee would be demoted to a mere advisory role, and would lose the power
of veto over the governor's choice of consumer services director. The director
would assume the duty of deciding how and when to step into the fray on behalf
of residential consumers and small businesses when utilities request rate
increases. And his or her allegiance would likely lie not with the consumers but
with the boss at the Department of Commerce, the governor who does the
appointing and the lobbyist-loving state senators who would confirm the
appointment.

Sponsored by Sen. John Valentine, R-Orem, and sent to the Senate floor by a 3-2
vote of the Transportation and Public Utilities and Technology Committee
Wednesday, the bill is billed as a timely and proper response to a performance
audit conducted by the state Legislative Auditor General's Office that found the
committee lacked technical expertise.

But taking the power and independence away from the six-member committee and
putting the bureaucrats in charge is only one of the options the auditors
present.

The other involves appointing committee members with more technical expertise,
and changing the composition of the board to better represent different
geographic areas. That could be easily accomplished by expanding the board and
refining the system, not neutering the committee.

As it now exists, the committee operates democratically. Members cast votes, set
policy and direct the director and staff members. Plus, the positions are
unpaid, so committee members are immune from political pressure.

Simply put, the system works. That's evident in the audit -- "The CCS has been
an effective utility consumer advocate," the auditors conclude. And it's evident
in recent rate cases before the state Public Service Commission, where the
committee's advocacy helped save consumers millions of dollars.

Valentine is right when he says that a more clear delineation of powers is
needed between the director and the committee. But the impartial committee, not
a paid political appointee, should hold the reins.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday

Rolly: Conservative wing of the Legislature marginalizes moderate Republicans

BYLINE: Paul Rolly

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Opinion

LENGTH: 601 words


Last week I wrote about the gerrymandering of Utah legislative districts by the
Republican-dominated Legislature in 2001 and how it disenfranchised voters by
fragmenting Democratic blocs into Republican-dominated districts.

While Republicans generally beat Democrats by about 59 percent to 41 percent in
statewide elections, they have a 73 percent majority in the Legislature, which
indicates a manipulation that gives Republicans a disproportionate advantage in
the body that makes Utah laws.

This week, I want to extend that premise to dissect a sort of unofficial
gerrymandering that takes place within the Republican Party that disenfranchises
not only Democrats, but moderate Republicans as well. By combining Democratic
districts into one, as was done in several cases in the 2001 GOP redistricting
scheme, or scattering Democratic areas into Republican districts, most of the
legislative districts in Utah are not competitive between the two major parties.

So the races become intra-party battles - Republican on Republican - decided in
the GOP convention or primary.

It is a political fact that the people running to become delegates to political
conventions are activists, more passionate on certain issues than the average
members of their party. Republican delegates tend to veer right of the
mainstream of the party and Democratic delegates tend to veer left of theirs.

That's why, in Democratic conventions, candidates who declare they are against
abortion, or against laws designed to protect gays from discrimination, stand
little chance of surviving the party convention. Conversely, a gun control
advocate who wants to expand wilderness-designated areas in Utah is dead on
arrival as a candidate in the Republican convention.

So the fewer the competitive districts, the better the chance for candidates on
the extreme ends of their parties to be elected and represent us in the
Legislature. Democrats, through Republican gerrymandering, have been rendered
nearly extinct in the Legislature. The next target: moderate Republicans.

Republican advocates for public education in the Legislature, like Sheryl Allen
of Bountiful, Mel Brown of Coalville, Corey Holdaway of Taylorsville, Kay McKiff
of Richfield and Steve Mascaro of West Jordan, have been treated as outsiders by
their own caucus, now dominated by ultraconservative, anti-tax legislators who
spend much of their time on wedge issues like the evils of Darwinism and the
United Nations.

The conservative caucus, which has grown into the dominant force on the
Republican side of the aisle, definitely has litmus tests for acceptance, such
as being pro-voucher, anti-tax, pro-privatization and pro-traditional marriage.
Once a dominant group like that gains power, and isn't forced by political
pressures to listen to anyone else, its members' constant reassurances to each
other that all their views are the right ones render outside influences moot.

Hence, the Legislature ignored the public's consistent rejection of private
school vouchers by passing the bill anyway, then doing everything it could to
defeat the ensuing referendum that repealed their bill.

The conservative Legislature now is exploring ways to do away with public
recreation centers, swimming pools and golf courses, despite the sentiments of
its Republican constituents. It has tried to whittle down the rights of credit
unions over the years, despite overwhelming public support for credit unions. It
seems constantly at odds with public sentiment on the level of support that
should be given to public schools and their teachers. I could go on.

Yet these guys always win.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Mississauga News

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Sheridan to become university?

BYLINE: Torstar Network

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 503  words


Sheridan U? The community college, which just opened its Mississauga business
campus last fall, hopes so. For the first time, one of the 24 community colleges
created by former premier Bill Davis as a more hands-on alternative to the Ivory
Tower wants to become a university.

Frustrated by growing demand for its degree programs that Ontario graduate
schools refuse to recognize - most are called "applied" degrees when offered by
a college - Sheridan College president Jeff Zabudsky said the school owes it to
students to become an institution that gives its grads the most options. "We're
being driven by student demand for degrees, but I want every graduate to be able
to carry on to grad school if they choose. Currently, they confront many
barriers." However, some fear the move to become a university could squeeze out
the students for whom colleges were designed. "We have to be sure we preserve
the legacy of the colleges. We wouldn't want to marginalize programs that serve
a different set of skills and trades," warned Prof. Peter Dietsche, of the
University of Toronto, who holds the William G. Davis Chair in Community College
Leadership. Dietsche said colleges serve many of the groups so under-represented
at university. Nine per cent of college students are aboriginal, nine to 12 per
cent are disabled and college students reflect a broader range of income than
those at university. "It's uncertain what the impact of such a change would be,"
he said. Zabudsky surprised many of Ontario's academic elite this week when he
revealed Sheridan's dream at a conference about the Province's pledge to create
three new university campuses directed at undergraduates. Sheridan wants to be
one of those campuses. "To be honest, we had decided on our journey toward
university status before the government announced the new campuses - but now
we're saying to the government, &lsquo;You don't have to build three new
campuses. We're there already.'" To join the Association of Universities and
Colleges of Canada, Sheridan's degree programs would have to represent more than
half of all programming. It already has nine degree programs, 10 more in
development and hopes to have approval for 28 by 2014. Some 2,550 of its 18,000
students - about 14 per cent - are in degree programs. As well, 70 per cent of
staff would have to be full-time faculty, which means hiring more than 200
full-time professors. Sheridan has earmarked $1.7 million for hiring in each of
the next three years to work toward that goal. Jim Robeson, director of advocacy
for Ontario's College Student Alliance, said he's pleased to see Sheridan making
the move, but "we're quite concerned about the impact this may have on the
current college certificates, diplomas and applied degrees." Sheridan student
Stephanie Kam is taking an eight-month international business graduate
certificate and calls the proposal "absolutely brilliant. It will broaden the
opportunity for students to make the transition from a diploma to degree program
more ea

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             June 2, 2005 Thursday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 715 words


TEACHERS' FOCUS: STUDENTS, NOT STUDIES

Agua Fría Elementary School teachers are working each day to use all classroom
time available for valuable learning and for developing attributes which are not
measurable in test scores, such as student motivation, self-confidence and
analytic-thinking skills. Testing outcomes to measure teacher effectiveness does
nothing but set teachers apart. A longitudinal study does not take into account
either the group dynamic of each class in which the individual student finds
him/herself from year to year or outside issues -- divorce, new residence, etc.
-- that impact the child's ability to learn from year to year. This kind of data
further marginalizes the early primary teachers who do not have as many
measurable outcomes as upper- grade teachers.

While I believe mentoring is an important part of professional development, this
kind of evaluation would increase the stress on our already overburdened
teaching time and take away the from the true focus from our work -- the student
learning process.

Eslee Kessler

Kindergarten/

first-grade teacher

Agua Fría

Elementary School

Iraqi enforcers

The Iraqi Wolf Brigade, an elite police force accused of harassment, torture,
etc., is feared by the losers and praised by the winners in Iraq.

We should turn over all detainees to the Iraqis. I bet the whole insurgency
would be over within a month.

Henry H. Griswold

Santa Fe

Psychobabble

The fact that your paper would give voice and actually print the letter from
Hari Prem (May 23) is beyond my comprehension.

Although I'm fully aware that bigotry is present even in our "open-minded" city
of Santa Fe, I don't understand why you would print a letter from someone who
sounds like he's been meditating under a piñon tree to find the underlying
causes of homosexuality.

What credentials does this person possess that made your editors come to the
conclusion that his "karmic disease theory" deserved publishing?

This woo-woo kind of thinking that gives Santa Fe such a bad rap is total
psychobabble -- and the fact that you would publish a letter from someone who
attaches the word "disease" to being gay is an utter insult.

As a gay man who would like to think Santa Fe has a progressive and enlightened
news source, I am totally disgusted with The New Mexican.

Bill Steers

Santa Fe

Puppy mills

Puppy mills are breeding facilities that produce pure-bred puppies in large
numbers.

They are inhumane, designed to maximize profits and disregard physical, social
and emotional health. Puppy-mill puppies are more likely to have physical and
behavioral problems.

Puppy mills lurk behind ads in newspapers. The best way to stop puppy mills from
continuing their abuse is to stop buying and adopt.

Good breeder characteristics are available on www.StopPuppyMills.com. Great
information can be found on The Humane Society of the United States
(www.hsus.org).

The best place to get your next pet is The Santa Fe Animal Shelter & Humane
Society (www.

sfhumanesociety.org). Shelter animals have been spayed or neutered and have
received age-appropriate vaccinations and veterinary checkups.

Rescue groups are another excellent resource for finding a pure-bred dog
(www.petfinder.org).

People who love dogs need to help stop them from being mistreated by making sure
they are not supporting a puppy mill.

Sloan Cunningham

Santa Fe

Rescue us!

Whether the people selling puppies at the county fairgrounds recently were
"breeders and brokers" or "puppy-mill breeders" matters not. The fact is that
for every puppy brought into the world, another must die for lack of a home.

Interesting that in the same Sunday New Mexican, in another section, Pets of the
Week showed photos of adorable pups waiting to be adopted at both the Santa Fe
Animal Shelter & Humane Society and the Española Animal Shelter.

And if there were not enough adoptable animals at those two shelters, there were
five other agencies listed -- all overrun with dogs waiting to belong to
someone.

For the past 30 years, each one of our many dogs -- of every imaginable shape,
size and color -- became a wonderful addition to our household, and each one
enriched our lives beyond our furthest imagination.

Readers should consider our shelters when they want a companion animal and take
in a "critter" that badly needs a home.

Geri Aron

Santa Fe

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday
                                 Idaho Edition

Election reform? Caution needed

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 515 words


Another close election. Another round of efforts to alter or dump the Electoral
College. If only it were that easy.

Back in September, U.S. Rep. Brian Baird of Vancouver, Wash., introduced a
resolution to replace the Electoral College with the direct election of
presidents. Baird said he was troubled by complaints, especially from young
constituents, that the current system was a deterrent to voting. Do we really
want to alter voting to satisfy those who can't be bothered with the other
contests on the ballot? Besides, whatever the merits of direct presidential
elections, they aren't going to happen. Congressional representatives from
smaller states would kill such an idea. And even if two-thirds of both chambers
passed a constitutional amendment necessary for such a change, voters in 38
states would have to approve. Again, small states are not going to vote against
their interests.

But that's not the only idea out there. Other reformers are floating changes
that would preserve the Electoral College, while trying to mitigate its
winner-take-all approach. Rep. Wendy Jacquet, the House minority leader in the
Idaho Legislature, plans to propose a bill that would award electoral votes
proportionally. Such a system would have given President Bush three of Idaho's
four electoral votes for winning 68 percent of the total vote in the state.

In Republican-dominated Idaho, that plan will get less support than Kerry did.
But there are nonpartisan reasons to oppose such a scheme. Colorado voters
rejected a similar plan; the compelling argument was that a change would further
marginalize the state, because the ultimate prize would shrink.

Even if all states changed at once, problems would arise. Studies of past
elections show that it would be difficult for candidates to win 270 electoral
votes (the amount needed to win) in close races, especially if strong
third-party candidates were involved. If all candidates fall short, elections
are thrown into the U.S. House of Representatives. Four out of the past 10
elections would have wound up in the House (1960, 1968, 1992 and 1996). If we're
a divided nation now, just imagine Congress deciding who gets to be president.

Another reform idea is to apportion electoral votes by congressional districts.
For instance, Bush would have won the electoral vote of the 5th District in
Washington state. But that system would only heighten the incentives to redraw
boundaries for partisan gain. Such a system would not have changed the outcome
of the past two elections, but it would have forced a tie in 1976 and it would
have flipped the result in 1960, which brings us to the final point.

While Democrats might think the Electoral College represents a structural
disadvantage, it wasn't always that way. Democrats used to rule the South and
small states elsewhere. The current political alignment isn't permanent either.

The worst reason for change is to achieve partisan outcomes. If change is to
come, it should be for better reasons. In the meantime, beware of simple
solutions.

TYPE: Column, Commentary, Editorial: Our View

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 18, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Burk: If War, Cancel Masters;
Otherwise, Protests Would Be Subdued

BYLINE: Leonard Shapiro, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 624 words


Martha Burk said yesterday she would like to believe Augusta National Golf Club
would cancel the Masters if the United States goes to war in Iraq in the coming
days. But if the tournament goes on as scheduled starting April 10, she and her
organization still intend to be in Augusta to protest the club's all-male
membership policy, though likely in a more subdued manner.

"If they do not cancel the tournament out of deference to our fighting men and
women, we will still be there," said Burk, chairwoman of the National Council of
Women's Organizations who has led a national campaign to open Augusta National
to women members. "The tone will be different than what it might have been. We
don't want to marginalize ourselves while the nation's mind is on the war.

"We need to point out that what they're doing [on the club's membership
policies] is wrong. We will still have a presence there if they go on with it.
But our methods and our message will be slightly different, depending on
national events."

Augusta National spokesman Glenn Greenspan said in a statement yesterday that,
"planning continues for this year's Masters Tournament, and just like other
major sporting events, we will be evaluating the situation as it unfolds. But
for Ms. Burk to use the possibility of war as an opportunity to inject herself
into the news again is the lowest form of self-promotion."

Burk's group is planning to protest on the third day of the tournament,
Saturday, April 12. The NCWO applied for a one-day permit to allow 24 protesters
at the front gate of the club and another 200 protesters across Washington Road,
the main thoroughfare leading to the club. Instead, Richmond County Sheriff
Ronnie Strength granted permission for a protest in a 5.1-acre area owned by
Augusta National that is a third of a mile away from the front entrance.

The American Civil Liberties Union last Monday filed suit in the 11th Circuit
federal court in Augusta on Burk's behalf as well as Jesse Jackson's
Rainbow/PUSH Coalition, which also plans to protest during Masters week. The
suit challenges a recently passed city ordinance giving the Richmond County
sheriff the power to grant such permits. The suit seeks an expedited hearing on
the issue, and a permanent restraining order from enforcing what the ACLU
considers to be an unconstitutional ordinance. As of yesterday, the court has
not ruled.

Burk said yesterday that despite the lawsuit, she has not given up hope that she
can still negotiate with the sheriff's department on a suitable site. She also
said that if she were running the tournament during a time of war, "I'd cancel
it." During World War II, the Masters was not played in 1943, '44 and '45.

"To be down there partying in Augusta when the country is at war is unseemly,"
Burk said. "If I were organizing it, I would consider postponing it just for the
public image it would put forth. It is a money-lavishing activity. We would also
be highlighting the public money through defense contractors that finds its way
to Augusta National.

"If I were a CEO of General Electric, Bechtel, Motorola or U.S. Steel [all with
executives listed as club members], I would not want my membership highlighted
at a time when millions in public money is coming into my company. I really do
think they have a problem."

Janice Mathis, general counsel for Rainbow/PUSH, said yesterday her group will
follow Burk's lead, and also indicated their protest plans likely would change
from a full-scale demonstration to what she described as "other forms of
expression, perhaps an educational forum about why gender equity matters. We're
all keeping our options open. But if women can go to Iraq and fight . . . they
ought to be able to join Augusta National."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday

Letter: Do more than talk diversity, Utah Democrats

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 196 words


The lack of diversity from the Democrats here in Utah is abysmal. How can a
party that asserts to be all-inclusive have very few minorities within its own
party?

Instead, the party is full of white faces that assert that diversity is what
makes Utah great. Although they do assist and have a helping hand in one
oppressed community, the LGBT community, they aren't the only oppressed
community in Utah.

There are many more that need a voice and representation within Salt Lake alone.
There are Utah citizens that are discriminated against on a daily basis because
they aren't white, including discrimination by Utah Democrats. I'm sure Utah and
the Democrats would love to claim that they aren't racist, although, being a
minority in Utah, the story is very different.

In order to achieve change in Utah, Democrats need to be more inclusive and not
marginalize Utah's minority population. Diversity is not a quota. It's something
you strive for. Utah can do better than just seek the acceptable amount of
colored people within its organizations. In the words of Bobby Kennedy, "The
future is not a gift. It's an achievement."

So let's strive to achieve better.

David Lopez

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

TOP LOCAL STORIES OF THE WEEK

SECTION: METR; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 692 words


MONDAY

Seton back in Sendero's network: About 10,000 Central Texans insured by Sendero
Health Plans again will have access to Seton Healthcare Family facilities and
doctors, officials said Monday.

Sendero parted ways with Seton, Central Texas' largest health care provider, in
November in a dispute over how much the plan was pay-ing Seton for health care
services.

The two parties have reached an agreement on the rates, said a spokesperson for
Central Health, Travis County's public hospital district.

TUESDAY

Travis GOP officials move to marginalize Morrow: Travis County Republican Party
officials are taking the first steps to distance the party from Robert Morrow,
the

conspiracy theorist whose March 1 election as county GOP

chairman made national news.

At a meeting Tuesday, party insiders collected signatures from precinct chairmen
for a letter meant to "disassociate" themselves from Morrow, who will take
office in June.

The county GOP's executive committee also took up a resolution condemning its
chairman-elect. It's unclear what, if anything, the party can do beyond
criticizing Morrow.

WEDNESDAY

Probe: VA clerks admit altering wait-time data: A long-awaited internal
investigation has found that Department of Veterans Affairs scheduling clerks
throughout Central Texas masked the true nature of wait times at hospitals and
clinics in the region by inputting false appointment data.

More than 20 VA employees, from San Antonio to Kerrville to Austin, told
investigators they engaged in the practice, according to a report released
Wednesday.

Several said supervisors instructed them to manipulate the data and that they
feared being fired if they did not participate.

The VA hasn't disciplined a single Texas employee in the wake of the
investigation, according to the U.S. House Committee on Veterans' Affairs.

Amplify Austin drive raises a record $8.5 million: Amplify Austin, the online
day of giving in Central Texas, raised more than $8.5 million by the end of its
fourth annual event Wednesday.

Despite missing its stated goal of $9 million for the year, Celeste Flores,
executive director of I Live Here, I Give Here, which organizes the event, was
upbeat about the fundraiser's final numbers, pointing out that the 24-hour event
broke last year's $7.7 million record by nearly a million dollars.

THURSDAY

Panel to issue recommendation on teen's shooting: Austin Police Monitor Margo
Frasier said Thursday night that the panel tasked with delivering a
recommendation to Austin Police Chief Art Acevedo on whether an officer who shot
and killed an unarmed teen should be disciplined will finish its review in one
week.

Frasier's announcement came at the end of an emotional meeting in which dozens
of people voiced their frustrations over David Joseph's death on Feb. 8, which
has put a new strain on police and minority relations in Austin.

After receiving the Civilian Review Panel's recommendation, Acevedo will decide
whether officer Geoffrey Freeman should be disciplined for the shooting.

FRIDAY

Obama visits Austin for SXSW: After several weeks of buildup, concerns about
traffic and even a minicontroversy involving Nancy Reagan's funeral, President
Barack Obama spoke at South by Southwest on Friday, the first time a sitting
president has visited the 30-year-old festival.

As part of the Interactive portion of the fest, Obama called for tech leaders to
get involved to increase voter turnout and to combat the influence of violent
extremism among young people.

The president also held two fundraisers during his visit and ate at Torchy's
Tacos. He left for Dallas after 7 hours in Austin.

Austin urges court to dismiss ride-hailing ballot challenge: The city of Austin
told the Texas Supreme Court in a filing Friday that its ballot language for the
May 7 ride-hailing election isn't deceptive or unclear, and the court should
reject a motion filed the day before to force a rewrite.

An Austin music manager, working in conjunction with Uber, filed the motion.

Voters will decide whether to throw out an ordinance the City Council passed
Dec. 17 setting requirements for ride-hailing companies and replace it with
another ordinance backed by Uber.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa, Mike Sweet column

BYLINE: Mike Sweet, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 842 words


Feb. 21--Fawzia Koofi is a living argument for why women -- not men -- should
run the world.

Because of that, she has a target on her back and a bounty on her head.

She goes to sleep every night and awakens each morning wondering if she will
live out the day or be murdered by the misogynist males who run Afghanistan like
a religious-themed whorehouse where women are chattel to be used, abused and
killed for any terrible reason.

There are many decent modern men in Afghanistan who treat women respectfully.
But far more men -- many of them political, religious and judicial leaders --
are trapped in their ignorance, willful and otherwise, fueled by religious
intolerance, and possessed of a lust for power driven by brutality devoid of
reason and compassion.

These bad men, the Taliban and those like them, intimidate, marginalize or when
that fails, murder men and women like Koofi who disagree with them.

Now 36 and the widowed mother of two girls, Koofi has survived several
assassination attempts and expects more lie ahead now that she is running for
president of Afghanistan.

She made history in announcing her bid to replace Hamid Karzai. His dozen years
in office, highlighted by corruption, has left the country a social, economic
and political disaster zone that military intervention and economic assistance
by the U.S. and other well-intentioned foreign nations has failed to alter. A
disaster that Koofi hopes to reverse.

She was one of 90 women originally elected to parliament after the U.S. and the
Northern Alliance of warlords drove the Taliban into what unfortunately became
only temporary exile. She now serves as vice president of the National Assembly,
another precedent for an Afghan woman and a launch pad for her presidential
aspiration.

She has been a fierce advocate for women's rights, which were non-existent
during the Taliban's rule and which, once gained, have gradually slid backwards
as Karzai yields to the enormous power of the ultraconservatives and religious
fanatics. His recent support for the assertion by some clerics that men can beat
their wives for certain reasons might play in certain conservative circles there
and elsewhere. But it's also proof that Afghanistan is by any democratic
standard a failed state.

Koofi's life story is compelling. The 19th child of 23 sired by her polygamous
father, she was left to die at birth because her mother thought a son would earn
her more favor in a household with seven wives. Allowed to live for whatever
reason (perhaps destiny), she was the only girl in her family who went to school
and then college. The Taliban ended her plans to become a physician. They also
imprisoned her husband, who died in 2003 from the ill effects of that
experience.

The couple had two daughters, Shuhra and Shaharzad, ages 10 and 12. They are the
loves and hopes of Koofi's life, their existence and their uncertain futures the
very reasons for her crusade to bring equal rights and opportunity to her
country, which was recently ranked the absolute worst place in the world for
women to live.

Koofi was in the U.S. recently promoting her books, "The Favored Daughter" and
"Letters to My Daughters." The latter contains letters she writes to her
children each time she leaves for the hinterlands on government business or a
political visit.

An example: "Today I am going on political business to Faizabad and Darwaz. I
hope I will come back soon and see you again, but I have to say that perhaps I
will not."

"First, don't forget me. Finish school, live independently, stay with your aunt,
study abroad...

"A girl needs an education if she is to excel in this man's world. Explore the
world. Be brave.

"Make your country a better place."

Toward that noble end Koofi rails unafraid against the rampant corruption
endemic to government and society. She wants the Karzai government to stop
accepting the foreign aid that provides 80 percent of the economy. Most of that
goes into the pockets of the rich and powerful, not ordinary people.

The country's vast mineral wealth is its salvation, if its leaders allow it.

"If you provide people with jobs, you are certainly contributing to reducing
security risks" because, she believes with perfect logic, people with jobs have
neither the time nor the interest in joining the Taliban.

Koofi is philosophical about her chances to win the presidency in a deeply
conservative country. And also about her chances of surviving a presidential
campaign that will take her into the murderous lion's den of Talibanland.

Fear, however, is a currency she ignores in pursuing the democratic ideals of
justice and equality.

"All of us human beings will die one day," she wrote her children in one letter.
"Maybe today is the day I will die. But if I do, please know that it was for a
purpose."

All Afghans, her children and the world beyond can only hope destiny has a much
higher purpose in mind than the death of a true leader.

___ (c)2013 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130221-QW-The-Hawk-Eye-Burlington-Iowa-Mike-Sweet-column-0221-20130221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2013 The Hawk Eye


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

Official says logo issue could 'marginalize' UND

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 97 words


GRAND FORKS (AP) - The head of the University of North Dakota's future
conference said the continuing controversy over the school's Fighting Sioux
nickname could overshadow its athletic programs.

Big Sky Conference Commissioner Doug Fullerton said UND could become a
"marginalized Division I program" if the issue drags on, and believes the school
would "become of less use" to the league if that's the case.

UND is scheduled to begin play in the Big Sky next season.

State lawmakers are scheduled to meet in November to vote on repealing a law
requiring the school to keep the nickname.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

Christie takes aim at Lonegan

BYLINE: By Cynthia Burton; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 491 words


With less than six weeks to go in New Jersey's Republican gubernatorial primary
campaign, front-runner Christopher J. Christie yesterday finally acknowledged
his closest competitor with a negative radio ad, a sign the race is tightening.

Analysts said Christie had been unable to marginalize Steve Lonegan by ignoring
him, and now must take steps to keep him in second place.

Although a Quinnipiac University poll on Wednesday showed Christie leading
Lonegan by 46 percent to 37 percent, analysts say the race is volatile.

"There is not a lot of clarity, and it is not out of the realm of possibilities
that Lonegan could win, because this is New Jersey and he's more conservative
than Christie," said Sharon Schulman, director of Richard Stockton College's
Hughes Center. "So, now that there is no clear winner, neither one of them can
just run against the governor. They have to run against each other."

In Christie's ad, male and female narrators using shame-on-you tones describe
Lonegan's record of losing elections and characterize his policies as expensive
to taxpayers.

They chide him, saying, "Steve Lonegan, now desperate, you attack Chris Christie
with false, negative ads," according to the spot. Then the crusader music cuts
in, and the ad touts Christie's record as a federal prosecutor who won guilty
pleas or convictions from 130 elected and appointed officials.

Christie's campaign said it ran the ad because it was tired of Lonegan's radio
and mail advertising mischaracterizing Christie's views on abortion and
taxation.

"These things have been misrepresented over the past months, and this ad is a
chance to set the record straight," said Christie's campaign manager, Bill
Stepien. "Now's the time to start drawing contrasts."

Christie is against abortion, with exceptions for rape and incest. Lonegan does
not make those exceptions, which he says makes him more pro-life than Christie.

Lonegan, a former mayor of Bogota, responded to Christie's attack by cutting two
new radio ads. They play off Christie's attack and present Lonegan as the June 2
primary's real conservative.

Conservative Republicans are the primary's battleground because historically
they have voted in greater numbers than moderate Republicans. That is why both
candidates are talking about abortion and tax cuts.

Lonegan said the ad fight "defines the difference between me and Chris Christie.
He supports the progressive income-tax redistribution schemes of Barack Obama
and Jon Corzine, including the phoney [property] tax rebates."

Although the Christie ad livens up the race, it has pitfalls for the
front-runner.

"It gives credence to Lonegan's candidacy," said political scientist Brigid
Harrison of Montclair State University. "In some ways, it indicates the race
didn't shape up the way [Christie] thought it would."

Contact staff writer Cynthia Burton at 856-779-3858 or cburton@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 22, 2013 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

The Open Forum Letters to the Editor

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 1116 words


Rep. Mike Coffman's ideas to cut defense spending

Re: "Smarter ways to cut defense spending," Feb. 19 guest commentary by Rep.
Mike Coffman.

A hardy congratulations to Rep. Mike Coffman for his insight and foresight in
addressing the much-needed cuts to a hugely bloated Defense Department budget.
Mr. Coffman, having seen the military industrial complex up close and personal,
is in an excellent position to speak out against what too many others are afraid
to, for fear of looking somehow unpatriotic.

It is especially refreshing for these views to come from a guy on the Republican
side of the aisle, where just the mention of defense cuts is usually unheard of.
We can only hope that both parties recognize the wisdom in what Coffman has to
say, and that his own party doesn't try to marginalize him, as it has with other
truth-sayers, such as Chuck Hagel.

John Sullivan, Denver

* * *

I'm a civilian who doesn't know much about our military, but I believe U.S. Rep.
Mike Coffman does. I'll defer to the congressman and grant his proposed military
cuts are sound. However, Coffman fails to provide context to his plan. It's
disingenuous to not mention his reasonable plan cannot come to pass until the
unreasonable obstruction of Republicans in Congress comes to an end.

No plan can be put into place to avoid the drastic sequestration cuts until
Coffman and his caucus abandon their intractable stance on raising revenue.

It's not certain if GOP sandbagging is in order to protect those who do not need
protection or if the obstruction is out of the disdain the party shows President
Obama. To no matter, it is self-serving for Coffman to offer his plan as a
better solution than sequestration when his party's destructive obstinance
ensures it will never be implemented.

AJ Feldmann, Fort Collins

* * *

So Mike Coffman wants to cut defense spending, and he lists 15 suggestions on
how to do it, and No. 14 was to spend less on military bands.

I was a drummer in various Air Force bands in the '50s, during and after Korea.
I served a year in Iceland in mud, snow, wind, cold and blizzards and lived in
Quonset huts, and we played music many nights during the week for dances,
concerts, talent shows, etc. We backed up Bob Hope when he put on a Christmas
show, and many other USO shows there. I was also stationed at Lowry Air Force
Base when President Eisenhower made that the summer White House, and we stood on
the flight line waiting for his plane and other VIPs to land so we could play
honors.

At that time the entertainment we provided for the troops and also the general
public was appreciated. I guess times have changed and Coffman doesn't feel the
military bands serve any purpose anymore. I would certainly hate to see them go.

James Patterson, Brighton

Tax on health insurance premiums not in the works

Re: "Your W-2 shows what your health insurance really costs," Feb. 18 $mart
story.

Your article reports that W-2 forms now include, for information purposes only,
the full amount paid by you and your employer for health insurance premiums. The
article also speculates, twice, that this information may be used in the future
to levy a tax on workers. What is the purpose of including this speculation in
the article? The law doesn't include such a tax, there is no one advocating such
a tax, and there is certainly no political will for it at this time. The
speculation only serves to increase confusion and fear about the Affordable Care
Act and to feed suspicion of government.

Dennis Logan, Northglenn

Ticket-selling practices put soccer fans in tough spot

Denver area soccer fans are stuck between a rock and a hard place, thanks to
TicketHorse. The March 22 World Cup qualifier between the U.S. men's national
team and Costa Rica has been declared "sold out." What would appear to be proof
of Denver's status as a savvy soccer town is really just evidence of
TicketHorse's inability (or unwillingness?) to stop third-party scalper sites
from buying up nearly every seat to resell at 100 percent mark-ups. If soccer
fans fail to scoop up these tickets and fill the seats, Denver loses a chance to
shine on an international stage. If we pony up the cash, we validate this
practice.

Damned if we do, damned if we don't.

Rebecca L. Hannon, Westminster

Legislator's comments on rape, self-protection

Re: "Lawmaker issues apology for his remark on rape," Feb. 19 news story; and
"Tweet revenge for Democrats' 'war on women,' " Feb. 20 news story.

State Rep. Joe Salazar's comments about how a woman should protect herself at a
college campus are laughable. Creepy predators are not fazed by Mr. Salazar's
suggested defense options: "call boxes," "safe zones" and "whistles."

I was a resident assistant at a college campus. I know what happens to women
there; I was awakened more than once to respond to incidents involving young
ladies on my floor who were victimized. Unfortunately, most of those ladies were
under 21, so were not allowed to have a concealed-carry permit and thus carry a
gun. But to think that my old statistics professor would not have the right to
arm herself while she walked to her car is ludicrous.

Beth Hunter, Arvada

* * *

Rep. Joe Salazar was trying to make a very salient point about guns on campus --
or guns anywhere, for that matter. And that point is that fear prompts gun
ownership in the first place and fear can easily lead to accidental shootings.
Granted he spoke (after 12 hours of debate) clunkily, if not inartfully, but in
no way did he come off as insensitive.

I think it is shameful of Republicans or anyone to try to make this an issue of
"the war against women." This wasn't even in the same ballpark as the comments
of Missouri Congressman Todd Akin on "legitimate rape." Republicans have a long
search ahead before they find a Democratic equivalent of Akin, and this isn't
it.

Denis Gessing, Castle Rock

* * *

I am shocked and embarrassed that a member of our state legislature demonstrated
such complete ignorance regarding women and their ability to "determine if they
are about to be raped." I am even more appalled at his suggested "alternatives"
for women to protect themselves.

A member of my family was kidnapped, raped, tied to a tree and set on fire. My
roommate in college was assaulted on the campus of the university I attended.
Another close friend was raped by someone at that same university pretending to
be a police officer. I guess had they been in a so-called "safe zone" or used a
"call box" or "whistle," these horrific events wouldn't have occurred.

I have a concealed-carry permit, my daughter will soon have hers, and make no
mistake, I would not hesitate for one moment to use my gun to protect myself or
my daughter.

Carol Perry, Castle Rock

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                August 20, 2009

Women in IT: Success and struggle;
Nine women tell of making their way in what remains a male-dominated profession

BYLINE: Ellen Messmer

LENGTH: 2998 words


Though IT remains largely a male-dominated realm in the United States, women are
now believed to constitute 15% to 25%of technical professionals -- though
women's ranks in management are about only 8%.

Slideshow: A closer look at nine women in IT A rare few, Eva Chen among them,
have made it to the top.

"I was always interested in writing programs, I wrote Fortran and Cobol," says
Chen, CEO of Trend Micro, who recalls she was a typical code-writing "geek" when
she founded Trend with her sister and brother-in-law in 1988 after coming from
Taipei for graduate study at the University of Texas.

Chen, studying international business management, was involved in projects at
the university's computer lab using an IBM 4381, and "I wanted to be the
teaching assistant." But the lab teacher said she had to focus on getting a
degree in information systems to do that. So she did, and that helped put her on
a path to found Trend Micro, becoming its chief technical officer, which
eventually involved managing 1,200 engineers.

"I remember saying I couldn't handle more than 10," Chen says, "then it grew."
In 2004, Chen became CEO of publicly traded Trend Micro, today one of the larger
antimalware security vendors with a global presence.

When it comes to sources of inspiration, Chen says she's thankful for a family
that voiced belief in what women could do, including a grandfather in Taiwan, a
legislator who helped overturn archaic laws there that prohibited women from
owning inherited property.

But for women IT professionals, it's not always an upbeat story.

There's troubling evidence that some high-tech firms are pushing highly educated
female workers to the brink of burn-out in a business atmosphere that expects
round-the-clock hours, is brutally dismissive of family life and marginalizes
them in a sea of highly educated men.

"In high-tech companies, 'flexibility' often means staying until midnight
coupled with the expectation of increased productivity and constant
availability," concluded a recent report entitled "Climbing the Technical
Ladder: Obstacles and Solutions of Mid-Level Women in Technology."

The extensive report, which took a year to complete, was done by researchers
from Stanford University and the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology,
supported by HP and others. The researchers surveyed 1,795 mid-level technical
professionals in seven high-tech firms in Silicon Valley and the San Francisco
Bay Area, not disclosing the names of the firms which allowed them access.

Survey participants were both mid-level men and women about a decade into their
careers and making salaries topping $125,000.

But the study found the go-go life of the Silicon Valley/Bay Area was hitting
women harder than men for a number of reasons.

One was simply that the mid-level technical men who participated in the study
were far more likely to have a spouse or partner who didn't work full-time and
accepted the main responsibility for the household, including children. In
contrast, the technical women usually were married or partnered with
professionals like themselves -- but the women were the household managers.

"They call it the second shift," said Jerri Barrett, director of marketing at
Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology, who notes these women might be
doing their business job at home into the night but their lack of visibility at
the office made it look like they aren't involved.

The researchers found a third of the women interviewed had decided to delay
having children in order to achieve their career goals, while 18% of men
indicated the same. And for the sake of their jobs, 9% of the surveyed women
decided to forego children completely, compared with 3.5% of men.

Men and women alike largely agreed the Silicon Valley/Bay Area high-tech work
experience was decidedly anti-family. And for women, this also meant a sense
their careers were stalling. In fact, women were stereotyped as "family focused"
and "unwilling to travel, and are more likely than men to be passed over for
promotions," concluded the report.

"The high-tech work pace is so extreme that academic researchers refer to it as
a work-family 'conflict' rather than work-family balance," the report noted.
"Work-family conflict hits women at the mid-level especially hard. When the
demands of family life are irreconcilable with work responsibilities, women are
often forced to choose between work and family life in this 'all or nothing'
proposition. ... When it comes to providing opportunities for technical women,
high-tech firms lag sharply behind those in other sectors."

The Stanford/Anita Borg Institute report offered few answers besides "flextime"
and "mentoring" to keep women from deserting Silicon Valley high-tech jobs; the
report notes other research indicates women are jumping ship at rates far higher
than men.

But women who have managed to conduct tech-oriented careers across industry,
academia and venture-capital firms tend to be enthusiastic advocates for it
because their chosen fields are often exciting, sometimes lucrative and
encourage innovation.

"I'm part of the advanced technology group and we do the software development,"
says Grace Egan, vice president of engineering product management at Time Warner
Cable in Broomfield, Colo. The goal for Egan is managing the in-house
engineering team, sometimes working in parallel with outside vendors, to work
with business management to come up with new digital services, such as networked
DVR. "It's cool," she says.

It doesn't particularly bother Egan that most of her career, which includes
stints at Prodigy Services and MCI, she has been one of the few women in a
male-dominated field -- just as the handful of women engineers on her staff of
50 are today.

"I had four brothers and played a lot of sports," says Egan, a mother of two.
"You build confidence in yourself. Sometimes you do look around the room and
say, 'I'm the only lady here.' But you just become one of the players."

Nonetheless, women in IT acknowledge they find a kind of refuge in women-only
conferences, such as next month's Women's Executive Forum, run by Joyce
Brocaglia, CEO of recruiting firm AltaAssociates, which specializes in IT
security recruitment on the executive level.

"I look forward to it because it's one of the best networking events," says
Maria Cirino, managing director of Boston-based venture capital firm .406
Ventures (.406 being a reference to the batting average of legendary Boston Red
Sox player Ted Williams).

Williams "wouldn't swing at just anything that came at him in the strike zone,"
says Cirino, who says she and her two business partners, Larry Begley and Liam
Donahue, strive to keep that philosophy.

The firm .406 Ventures has closed $170 million for its investment fund. "We did
it the old-fashioned way," Cirino says. "We had 800 phone calls, 343 meetings
and got 20 yes" answers to drum up money from investors. The firm has invested
in more than two dozen start-ups, including Veracode and Bit9.

Cirino, also founder and former CEO of Guardent, which was acquired by VeriSign,
says the vast majority of the firm's investments are doing well, even in the
current dismal economic environment. One investment, Health Dialog, recently
sold for $780 million to a British consortium.

In addition to the Women's Executive Forum, Cirino will also attend another
women-only event, the Women's Private Equity Summit -- and is taking a ribbing
from her male colleagues about "chick boondoggles."

Though some may object to the idea of retreats based on gender, many women
insist that female-only gatherings are where they feel there's a level of
candidness and camaraderie, a kind of re-energizing, that's hard to find in the
usual conferences that are mainly men.

Cirino says sexism may exist in some areas of IT but she hasn't experienced any.
But she adds, "IT is a demanding industry, and for a lot of women, it is about
choices. But it's not fair to say you can't have a family."

In some parts of the world, the idea of women in traditional male job roles is
simply rejected in business -- by men at least.

This means when women IT professionals walk into such situations, they find
themselves treading gingerly -- often using male associates as cover, making
them the main presenters of ideas they would otherwise be the first to express.

Rhonda MacLean, who now heads up her own consulting firm MacLean Risk Partners
after a long career that saw her become head of IT security at Boeing, Bank of
America and Barclay's, has been in different countries where it was obvious that
businessmen who arrived for a meeting simply had no cultural basis for
interacting with women equally in positions of authority.

"I knew it was tough for them culturally," MacLean says. "I also felt it was
more important to respect others' cultures."

So, in these circumstances, she would prep "a couple of my guys to lead the
discussion, and I piped in when need be."

Many women professionals cite these kinds of experiences abroad. But such
instances are not the norm today, and MacLean says she encourages young women --
as well as racial minorities not yet largely visible in the world of IT -- to
consider high-tech a great field to enter.

"I achieved more than I ever dreamed," says MacLean, whose career began at
Lanier Business Products selling office automation equipment when Boeing asked
her to set up its first office automation program.

At the time, she was a single mother with two children in the aftermath of a
divorce. Her mentor was Texas lawyer Joe Roady, for whom she worked as a legal
secretary, who told her she could be whatever she wanted to be.

"I loved solving business problems," MacLean says, adding the secret is to
surround yourself with smart, hard-working people ... and listen to what they
have to say.

Patricia Titus, CISO at Unisys, found her enthusiasm for high-tech was ignited
while in the Air Force assisting in intercepting Russian Morse Code
communications during the Cold War. Living with her two children later in the
Washington, D.C. area, she ended up at a company called Auspex Systems, learning
to be a systems administrator mainly through on-the-job training.

Later she joined the Treasury Department as a technical adviser to the CIO Jim
Flysik, eventually taking on a security role, all the while spending time
listening to engineers at work and in conferences who loved to share their
knowledge.

"I enjoyed their intellect and dialog," says Titus, noting, yes, it was usually
a room full of men and a few women. "The men wanted you to be successful, too."

She credits John Stewart, now CSO at Cisco, for providing encouragement back in
those early days.

After the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, she joined the Transportation Security
Administration (TSA) and got involved in IT security deployments there as CISO.

Now CISO at Unisys, where her job is coordinating with dozens of people for the
Unisys network strategy and services, she's glad things have turned out as well
as they have. Married last year to the acting CIO of the Department of Labor,
Tom Wiesner, with a grown daughter now working in IT in government, high-tech
has become a family affair.

Some women say they found themselves stepping up the ladder for ironic reasons.

Emma McGrattan, who manages the engineering team at open-source database firm
Ingres, said back when Ingres was owned by CA, she was working for the then head
of engineering, who gave her all his work to do.

"He got all the glory, and I got the hard work," she says. But when he left, it
seemed natural to just make her head of engineering, and she didn't even have to
lobby for it. About 25% of the Ingres IT engineers today are women.

McGrattan says she always liked computers and programming, and back in a private
high school in Dublin, Ireland, her place of birth, an extracurricular computer
class on Saturday helped her discover early on what she wanted to do as an
occupation.

With it being a majority-male high-tech world, McGrattan says there's a sense of
a role model when women like Linda Sanford, IBM's senior vice president of
enterprise transformation, climb the ladder to success over the span of their
career.

Living now just outside New York City, she says she likes the fact the "job is
very portable" and that she manages a team of employees in Europe and America,
which makes it fairly convenient to let her pop over and see her family in
Ireland.

Sherita Ceasar, vice president of cross-platform applications and engineering
services at Comcast in Philadelphia, is in charge of about 60 employees, mostly
engineers, to develop digital services that increasingly blend elements of the
telephone, TV and PC.

A graduate of Illinois Institute of Technology with a master's degree in
mechanical engineering, Ceasar relishes leading a development team responsible
for defining road map services at Comcast. As an African-American woman, she is
a statistical anomaly in the broader ranks of high-tech upper management.

As to the early factors that contributed to her ability to excel academically,
Ceasar credits the Illinois Institute of Technology (IIT) program of 30 years
ago which had an "early identification program" that went into high schools to
encourage students with the top grades to go into engineering. It was a
successful program, she says, that attracted a significant number of
African-American students, in addition to all manner of young adults, to enter
engineering through work-study programs and stipends. That IIT program has
unfortunately not been kept vibrant, but there are efforts to revive it, and the
country as a whole would probably benefit from similar efforts, she says.

"The journey for women is not paved so smooth that we can be complacent," Ceasar
says. "But I think that times are truly evolving in a positive direction."

Tyelisha Shields, a young African-American woman who hails from Concord, N.C.,
can testify to the power of mentoring that helped her pursue her goal of a
master's in computer science and information security at Carnegie-Mellon
University's Information Networking Institute. Shields, who has a B.S. in
computer science, has received a scholarship to study at the graduate level at
CMU, thanks to funding provided by the Executive Women's Forum (EWF) scholarship
program.

Grateful to Dena Haritos Tsamitis, director of the CMU program, and Joyce
Brocaglia, who heads EWF, Shields says she's determined to make it, despite
being brought up in a single-parent home, noting graduate work is important to
be competitive in today's job market.

But Shields also notes the irony that she is the only American in her current
study program, with most of her classmates from India and elsewhere.

"The majority of my classmates are foreigners," she says. "And my Southern
accent is hard for them to understand, and their accents are hard for me to
understand." That has the impact of isolating people.

When the 1950's musical "My Fair Lady" had the fictional British Professor Henry
Higgins singing "Why Can't a Woman be More Like a Man?" there was nobody on
stage to sing back an answer. But Haritos Tsamitis observes that young men and
women don't necessarily find the same things appealing.

When male students want to take a break, she notes, "they tend to do
paintballing or touch football or go drinking at the local pub or smoke cigars,"
activities that female students seldom chose.

To give female engineering students alternatives that allow them to "just be
themselves," says Haritos Tsamitis, there are separate activities for them,
"like chocolate tasting or watching a chick flick."

The male students are invited to attend special events hosted by the women's
group, though some male students may complain about why there's a separate group
for women at all and not one for men. It's a debate she knows will probably
always be there, but Haritos Tsamitis says this women-only group "creates an
opportunity for women to connect and create professional development through
mentoring."

Some women in the IT field say mentoring is something they say they benefit from
well into their careers.

Women in Cable Telecommunications (WICT) is a 30-year-old Chantilly, Va.,
organization dedicated to women's participation in that industry, pay equity and
women's advancement. It fosters leadership training in which small numbers of
professional women join retreats in their vicinity for management-style confabs
with their female peers.

"It was a godsend," says Egan, noting her company Comcast has backed the effort.
The WICT estimates that 15% of all technology jobs in the cable
telecommunications industry are held by women -- which includes designing or
deploying software and hardware -- based on information provided by the
industry.

"Having more women gives a balance of perspective, it's a diverse set of
experiences," says Vicki Hamilton, senior vice president for enterprise
performance at Turner Broadcasting System's operations and strategy group, who
leads a team of 10 that takes responsibility for high-tech projects across
Turner to align with business goals.

Women are major purchasers of high-tech software and services, and having them
there contributing to their development just makes sense, say many women
professionals.

One analyst who has watched the world of high-tech and executive management for
a long time say women professionals do tend to bring a certain "sensibility,"
especially in communications skills often defined as '"female traits" that men
should be more inclined to emulate, not disparage.

Men too often try to lead through directives, says David Foote, CEO and chief
research officer at consultancy Foote Partners.

"Look, I've said to male executives, taking them aside when I was sure none of
their employees were listening, and told them that the military-style command
and control isn't working, you need patience, listening is an intuitive approach
to effect change," Foote says. "I've said, seriously, if there's a lot of
'female' in you, that's a good thing, not a bad thing."




LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2009 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Concord Times (Freetown)

                               September 18, 2013

For Being Without Electricity Over a Year - Leicester Road Residents Plan to
March On State House

BYLINE: Samuel J Kargbo

LENGTH: 373 words


Residents in the Leicester road community, in constituency 106, in the central
Freetown, have informed this medium about an imminent plan to march on state
house, in a peaceful demonstration to inform the president about their perceived
feeling of neglect, as they have been without electricity for over a year and
half now.

The residents have held meetings where they reached a consensus to stage a
peaceful demonstration to state house, where they hope to have audience with
President Koroma and present their grievances to him.

Residents who spoke to this reporter expressed regret that authorities concern
have been slow to respond to their demands in respect of the damaged
transformer, despite several representations.

An aggrieved resident, Bala Mansaray told Concord that since the construction of
the road at Leicester junction, the community has been in total darkness, and
blamed the National Power Authority for their failure to install a new
transformer after the previous one was damaged.

Mansaray opined that if the community had high placed officials in governance,
the problem would have been fixed, and that they have been marginalize by the
government because many residents are middle and low earning citizens. He
revealed that as a result of no electricity in the area, thieves raid homes
almost on a daily basis, with residents living in fear of their lives as some of
the robber often resort violence.

Adama Kamara, a house wife, said her husband was recently stabbed by thieves
while returning home from work. She said her husband was stabbed on his way
home, while the robbers made away with his bag containing money and other
valuables.

She also lamented the economic impact of the constant power outage in the area
as parents have had to resort to buying candles for their children and wards to
study at night, which portends serious fire hazard.

Officials at the NPA have blamed the problem on the ongoing road construction in
the area. They alleged that Compagnie Sahélienne d'Entreprises (CSC) engineers
were to blame for the damaged transformer, and that the Senegalese company
should pay the cost of fixing a new transformer.

This reporter could not reach officials of the CSE for their comments as they
were available.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            November 23, 2009 Monday

WASHINGTON PEOPLE

BYLINE: Joe Adler, Steven Sloan and Stacy Kaper

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3 Vol. 174 No. 210

LENGTH: 708  words


Paul Finds Traction

Regardless of whether Congress ultimately passes Rep. Ron Paul's measure to open
the Federal Reserve's books to an audit, the Texas Republican wins the award for
legislative tenacity.

Before last week's head-turning passage of Paul's amendment by the House
Financial Services Committee, the libertarian former presidential hopeful had
made a habit of proposing beat-downs of the central bank, which typically
garnered little congressional support.

As early as 1983, Paul proposed increased transparency at the Fed, and attracted
18 co-sponsors.

Paul subsequently introduced measures either to require greater central bank
disclosure - or abolish the central bank - in 1999, 2002, 2003, 2006 and 2007.
But none of those efforts ever attracted more than four co-sponsors.

Fast forward to 2009, when the Fed's political support - or lack thereof -
rivals that of Citigroup. Paul's amendment, now attached to Chairman Barney
Frank's regulatory reform overhaul, has a whopping 313 co-sponsors. Frank - who
opposes the amendment - is grappling with how to remove the measure before the
bill heads to the floor.

Ironically, Paul's provision would have gone nowhere without Frank. The
Massachusetts Democrat pointed out how Paul's own party - while in the majority
- tried to marginalize him by denying him a subcommittee chairmanship in 2003.

"I do want to emphasize ...being the first [chairman] in 26 years to give the
gentleman from Texas a chance to offer his legislation," Frank said Thursday,
when the committee passed the measure 43 to 26.

When Paul was denied his chairmanship, Frank added: "He said to me quite
preciously at that time, 'I guess I'll have to wait for you to be chairman to
get anywhere on this.' Well, I am the chairman and you are getting something."

B of A in a Nutshell

A hearing before the House Financial Services panel Tuesday was a perfect
demonstration of the staffing problems that have plagued Bank of America Corp.
lately. Lawmakers pushed B of A director Charles Gifford to confirm whether
Brian Moynihan, B of A's president of global consumer, small-business and card
services, is in line to succeed Ken Lewis as chief executive.

B of A has been careful to avoid naming potential CEO candidates but the
situation was all the more dicey on Tuesday because Moynihan happened to be
sitting right next to Gifford.

"He is a very talented executive at Bank of America," Gifford said.

Compounding the weirdness at the witness table was testimony from Timothy
Mayopoulos, the general counsel B of A fired nine days after he expressed doubt
that the bank could walk away from its deal to buyMerrill Lynch.

"I was stunned," Mayopoulos said of his dismissal.

Moynihan again found himself in an uncomfortable position. He initially
succeeded Mayopoulos as B of A's general counsel and said he did not know the
rationale behind his termination.

"I do believe he was capable of doing the job," Moynihan said.

What Do You Think?

Bankers call it a customer service. Regulators call it a credit risk. But what
do consumers think of overdraft protection? The Onion provided some insight last
week, sort of. On the heels of the Fed's Nov. 12 rule banning overdraft fees
without customer permission, the satirical newspaper ran man-on-the-street
opinions about life without the charges.

Marc Mercer, one respondent to the make-believe poll, said he was good with the
Fed rule "as long as I still get penalized for using my credit cards."

Commercial construction estimator Kelly Jolicouer said she would still pay the
fees as a courtesy to her bank. "I usually send them a few bucks when I go over,
anyway, just for their trouble."

Ray Mason, unemployed, summed up the rule's impact this way: "I guess banks will
just have to make money the old-fashioned way - selling bad mortgages and
causing a global financial collapse."

Moving On ...

Darlene Rosenkoetter, a lobbyist for the Consumer Bankers Association, has left
the trade group for a job on Capitol Hill working as a staffer for Tennessee
Republican Sen. Bob Corker, a member of the Senate Banking Committee.

Chuck Jones has left his lobbying position with Timmons & Co. Inc. for one with
the New York Stock Exchange, where he is working on issues including financial
regulatory reform.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                             July 23, 2009 Thursday

Top SAG race still a mystery

BYLINE: Jay A. Fernandez

SECTION: TELEVISION INDEX; NEWS

LENGTH: 724  words


SAG's filing deadline for fall elections came and went Thursday, and it remains
unclear who will face each other for the presidency. Only Unite for Strength,
formed last year in opposition to the MembershipFirst faction led by SAG
president Alan Rosenberg, has gone public with its complete slate.

Ken Howard will lead the charge as Unite for Strength's candidate for president,
and Amy Aquino will run for secretary-treasurer. Unite for Strength also will
field 33 candidates from the guild's Hollywood Division for seats on the
national board of directors.

Months ago, Rosenberg stated provisionally that he will seek a third term, but
first national vp Anne-Marie Johnson or another candidate could heed the call to
represent MembershipFirst in the elections.

On the eve of MembershipFirst announcing its slate Sunday during a scheduled
fundraiser, the Unite for Strength candidates took direct aim at and issue with
their political opponents of the past year.

"This election offers members a stark choice between two leadership approaches:
Attempt to go it alone or unite for strength," Howard said. "From 2005-08, SAG
experienced the divisive, go-it-alone approach of MembershipFirst. They went to
war with AFTRA, sought to marginalize New York and the branches and repeatedly
alienated other entertainment unions.

"With increasing consolidation of media companies and new technologies
transforming our business, we will pay dearly if we're not smart and strategic
about our future," he added. "I'm running for president as a Unite for Strength
candidate because I believe the only way actors will get our fair share of the
pie is if we're united both internally and with our labor partners. If SAG
members elect me and my fellow Unite for Strength candidates, we'll make a clean
break with the divisive leadership approach of MembershipFirst and focus on
building maximum unity with AFTRA and other entertainment guilds to give us real
power when we sit down to negotiate contracts."

Thursday was the last day individuals and groups could file petitions stating
intent to run for office in the fall elections. The guild does not make the
names official until Aug. 10, when it will announce qualifying candidates for
open officer and board seats.

In addition to the president and secretary-treasurer positions, a third of the
69 national board seats are open.

Ballots are scheduled to go out to members Aug. 25, with results due Sept. 24.
The newly seated board will meet for the first time Oct. 5.

On Tuesday, the Los Angeles Economic Development Corp. delivered a report that
none-too-subtly implied that the outcome of SAG's fall elections will be
critical to the health of film and TV production during the next
year-and-a-half.

"The balance of power between the moderates and the hardliners will be important
as late in 2010 a TV contract will have to be negotiated," the report said.

Veteran LAEDC economist Jack Kyser indicated that self-described moderates
maintaining control of SAG's national board would be a better development for
the Los Angeles film community because the Hollywood recession has been
amplified by a nine-month contract impasse while MembershipFirst hardliners were
in power.

Candidates on Unite for Strength's national board slate include incumbent
Hollywood Division board members L. Scott Caldwell, Gabrielle Carteris, Assaf
Cohen, Tim DeKay, Dule Hill, Clyde Kusatsu, Doug Savant, William Smitrovich,
Richard Speight, Stacey Travis, Ned Vaughn and Marcia Wallace.

Joining them are actors Michelle Allsopp, Christian Clemenson, Ellen Crawford,
Patrick Fabian, Richard Fancy, Jason George, Clark Gregg, Hill Harper, Gregory
Itzin, David Lawrence, Dawnn Lewis, John Carroll Lynch, D.W. Moffett, Jenny
O'Hara, Michael O'Keefe, Mandy Steckelberg, Amir Talai and Nancy Travis;
background and motion-capture artist Woody Schultz; voice actor Bob Bergen; and
stuntman/coordinator Conrad Palmisano.

Howard, elected last year to the national board, is Emmy-nominated for the HBO
telefilm "Grey Gardens." He has been a theater, TV and film actor for 40 years.

Aquino, who has acted in the business for two decades, has been a guild vp and
board member.

The union's outgoing board will hold a national plenary Saturday by video
conference.

AFTRA will hold officer elections Aug. 8 during its convention, with results
available that night.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2009 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                             May 7, 2008 Wednesday

Marvin Gaye: What's Going On

BYLINE: PHIL GALLO; Paul Harris

SECTION: REVIEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 561 words


(Documentary; PBSWed., May 7, 9 p.m.)

Filmed in various locations by Thirteen/WNET New York and Isis Prods. Executive
producer, Susan Lacy; producer-director-writer, Sam Pollard; associate producer,
Nicole London; additional material producer, Nick De Grunwald; additional
material director, Jeremy Marre; camera, Michael Chin, Robert Shepard; editor,
Geeta Gandbhir. 60 MIN.

Narrator: Jesse L. Martin
Marvin Gaye's life story is such a double dose of arrogance and humility,
achievement and failure and, perhaps most importantly, redemption, that it could
work as two formulaic editions of "American Masters." There's an only an hour
allotted, however, which marginalizes some of the triumphs, enhances the drug
addiction and posits "Sexual Healing" as a pinnacle of achievement for Gaye,
whose significance is undersold in this too-short feature. More footage of Gaye
would have helped; his commentary comes from a single, undated interview.

Not quite an injustice to the singer who rose in the Motown system and created a
monolithic pop masterpiece, but "What's Going On?" does not elevate the subject
in the manner of other "AM" docs. Through his biographers and fellow artists, a
portrait of a man who suffered and masked his pain emerges along with the vision
of a man who fought the secular and the religious his whole life. Doc confirms
rather than enhances what is already known about him.

He had an abusive father --- a cross-dresser and minister as the doc notes
several times --- who chastised Marvin's desires to sing pop music. D.C. native
Gaye had problems with authority --- father, teachers, Air Force officers ---
and he drifted through life until he wound up in Detroit working as a studio
musician.

It is mentioned but not enough is made of Harvey Fuqua bringing Gaye to Motown:
Fuqua was the rare individual who segued from doo-wop singer and group leader in
the 1950s to talent scout, A&R man and producer in the 1960s; what we might call
a role model these days.

Gaye worked as a studio drummer and pianist yet his desire was to become a
crooner, like Frank Sinatra. He bombed in that role and soon became part of the
Motown assembly line but with a handful of differences. For starters, he married
the boss' sister, Anna Gordy, he could not dance and therefore had a wholly
different presentation than the label's other acts and, as a true positive, he
invested emotion in his songs unlike any other R&B singer of the era. That paid
off in "I Heard it Through the Grapevine," which became Motown's biggest hit
single.

Assorted experts --- including the astute David Ritz, who penned Gaye's bio with
him and co-wrote "Sexual Healing" --- and artists provide a timeline that comes
and goes in Sam Pollard's script. There are few specifics about Gaye going
through a period of depression after the death of his singing partner Tammi
Terrell, the rift between Berry Gordy and Gaye over his desire to move to L.A.,
periods of poverty and, finally, the debate over and effect of "What's Going
On," an album that altered the course of popular black music.

Gaye's later years are laid out chronologically yet the stories have holes in
them --- a second marriage, cocaine addiction, a move to Belgium and a drug
relapse after "Sexual Healing." Vintage footage of perfs is often too short to
generate a thorough understanding of what made Gaye such a special artist.


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     JULY 28, 2001 Saturday CITY-D EDITION

Frhbeck excels with baton in summer finales at Mann;
Mahler symphony a summer delight

BYLINE: David Patrick Stearns and Peter Dobrin INQUIRER MUSIC CRITICS

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1084 words


Let's face it: Sometimes after the Philadelphia Orchestra plays at the Mann
Center for the Performing Arts, you clap as much for the weather as for the
musicians.

That wasn't the case at the orchestra's Thursday night conclusion to its
monthlong season there. The repertoire was the most ambitious of the season -
Mahler's Symphony No. 2 (Resurrection) - and the performance didn't require that
handicap you automatically give concerts in a semi-outdoor venue.

Rafael Frhbeck de Burgos conducted a trim, fleet but authoritative account of
the piece, cogently encompassing the full range of Mahler's angst within an
intelligently controlled, strictly delineated tempo scheme. A cooler classicism
prevailed, one that didn't marginalize the symphony's details (such as
suggestions of folk tunes and bird calls). A certain objectivity also was
possible here, allowing greater appreciation of the purely musical elements
without keeping you at an emotional distance.

Because the score is one of those Mahler used as a receptacle for nearly
everything that had been on his mind for seven years or so, the Philadelphia
Singers were on hand (and in solid form) in the choral finale. And the two vocal
soloists, soprano Christine Brandes and mezzo-soprano Marietta Simpson,
powerfully projected Mahler's musical settings, meditating on mankind, angels
and undying life.

Is it impolite to ask why this kind of an evening is such an anomaly in the Mann
season? Can these concerts be this substantial and well-played more often?

In several cases, the programs were carried by soloists such as Freddy Kempf and
Dawn Upshaw. And that's great, but chancy: What if they're in bad form that
particular night?

Making the orchestra's Mann residency more than a poor cousin of the regular
season - and filling those many rows of empty seats - wouldn't take much. Of
course, more rehearsal time is key, but this Mahler symphony circumvents this
problem. As long (90 minutes) and sprawling as it is, the Mahler Resurrection
has a long record of performances by this orchestra and requires little
intricate ensemble interaction between the orchestra, chorus and soloists. That
accommodates last-minute assemblage.

Granted, it had two rehearsals instead of the usual one, but available time can
be used more efficiently if there's a consistent presence on the podium. In
other words, the Mann season needs a music director, and any one of this
season's guest conductors - Frhbeck, Emmanuel Krivine, James DePreist, Carlos
Kalmar, assistant conductor Rossen Milanov - would be dandy.

It doesn't take that much to unlock the orchestra's depth of summer potential:
Even when key players are frequently absent, such as concertmaster David Kim,
veterans such as William de Pasquale are on hand (and the portamento-based
expressivity of his violin solos in the Mahler and in Rachmaninoff's Symphony
No. 3 a few weeks back was hugely gratifying).

At the Ravinia Festival this summer, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra performed a
credible Verdi Requiem. On Aug. 4 at Tanglewood, the Boston Symphony Orchestra
will give a concert performance of Strauss' Salome starring Deborah Voigt.
That's stuff you'll travel a long way for. In some of these cases, summer
programs are a matter of dusting off pieces heard only months before during the
indoor season. But classical music, with its endless depths, lends itself to
reruns far more readily than television.

- D.P.S.

David Patrick Stearns' e-mail address is dstearns@phillynews.com.

A sweeter interpretation

of Sibelius violin concerto

Who was that violinist, and what was that concerto he was playing?

The piece, of course, was Sibelius' famously intense Violin Concerto in D minor.
But the young violinist who played it Wednesday at the Mann signaled his unusual
intentions from the opening figure.

The piece is not the searing, highly charged music we thought it was, he argued.
Instead, it's something sweeter, more vague.

Pekka Kuusisto, 24, came to the concerto with a certain amount of musical
pedigree. He is, like the composer, Finnish (if you believe in the idea of
nationalistic intuition); was the first Finn to win the International Jean
Sibelius Violin Competition in Helsinki; and was awarded a special prize for the
best performance of the Sibelius Concerto.

Still, parts of his performance with the Philadelphia Orchestra weren't ready
for prime time.

Kuusisto's stage persona is emblematic of his musical philosophy. He is blond,
wan, and looked at times as if the slightest squeak from the oboe section might
knock him over. The third movement clearly gave him a run for his money, with
some passages only three-quarters of the way there technically, and with
intonation suffering under the strain of the speed. And he played it cool in
much of the concerto's hottest moments - an emotional incomplete pass.

But at other times he uncovered new ideas. The first-movement cadenza arrived
like an essay on loneliness, and his vulnerability in the first movement and
parts of the second was delicately original. But his extreme freedom with the
tempo in the encore - from Bach's Partita for Solo Violin No. 1 in B minor -
erased any idea of a time signature, and the melodies were outlined only in
spider-web wisps. In the end, I wasn't convinced by his interpretive answers,
but his ideas at least asked legitimate questions of an iconic concerto.

Kuusisto may have tested the bounds of performance tradition that has grown up
around this concerto, and with only partial success. But conductor Rafael
Frhbeck de Burgos exerted his individuality while staying within tradition. In
the transition from the slow section to fast in Sibelius' Finlandia, the Spanish
conductor of German parentage held something back, preserving a place to which
he could later build. And build he did.

It was a theme Frhbeck repeated throughout the evening, making his case most
convincingly at the appearance of the last movement of Beethoven's Symphony No.
6. The "Shepherd's hymn" never escalated on such joyous steps as it did under
his baton.

But his greatest feat came in the second-movement "Scene by the brook," in which
the music was stately, elegant, and expressive without exaggeration. Like
Wolfgang Sawallisch's take on the piece, this was a Beethoven Sixth that knew
the drama of nature is meaningful only when it rises - carefully, occasionally -
from a relatively placid landscape.

- P. D.

Peter Dobrin's e-mail address is pdobrin@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Review Music

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
Rafael Frhbeck de Burgos, guest conductor at the Mann.

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   January 13, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

SOUTHERN MARYLAND NOTEBOOK; Charles School Board Sweats the Small Stuff

Nancy Trejos; Raymond McCaffrey, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M02

LENGTH: 1297 words


If there's one thing the Charles County school board seems to have trouble doing
these days, it's agreeing on those many honorary resolutions they consider at
each meeting. Once mere formalities that breezed through, resolutions such as
one designating February as African American History Month are becoming more and
more a point of contention, taking up quite a bit of agenda time.

At Tuesday's Board of Education meeting, Margaret Young was the only board
member to decline to sign the African American History Month resolution. Last
month, when the issue first came up, she argued that "resolutions that
differentiate by race or gender and acknowledge only one segment of our
population marginalize the accomplishments and contributions of all minority
groups that make up our country's heritage and history."

Same goes for a resolution designating March as Women's History Month. "Again, I
see the emphasis here on gender, which I'm opposed to," she said Tuesday.

The resolution for Women's History Month also drew some words of concern from
board member Collins A. Bailey, who said the language of the resolution excluded
women who have chosen to remain at home as homemakers or mothers. Bailey
proposed changing the wording to include stay-at-home moms and housewives.

Other members thought differently. "I have a problem with that," board member
Mary L. Haff said. "If you add mothers and families, where do you stop? When you
start spelling out moms, then you have to deal with stepmoms and adopted moms."

The discussion didn't end there. Next was a resolution designating March as Fine
and Performing Arts Month--a celebration of music, theater and visual arts. The
hangup this time? Whether or not music, theater and visual arts should be
combined into one resolution or have one resolution each, a question raised by
Haff.

A resolution for Read Across America didn't make it through without some
disagreement either.

"There's got to be something we can do to change this," Haff said jokingly after
the seventh resolution of the day failed to stir up an argument. "We can't break
our string this afternoon."


Votes of Confidence for School Board Officers


The Charles County Board of Education surprised no one when it elected its
officers for this year.

Wayne Cooper, a 52-year-old businessman from White Plains, will serve his second
year as chairman. Kathy Levanduski, a Waldorf parent, was elected to her second
term as vice chairwoman. Levanduski, 35, was first elected to the board in 1996.

Cooper said his first term as chairman "started out extremely difficult,"
without detailing the difficulties.

But "as the year ended," he said, "there were so many good things going on."


Funding for Dunkirk Park Improvements Increased


Skateboarders in Calvert County will soon be able to work on their rail slides
and tail slides and other moves in one of the most "rad" parks anywhere. But
that's not all.

They'll also have a pretty rad resting place when the wheels stop spinning and
they need to move their tails indoors.

On Tuesday, the Calvert County Board of Commissioners pledged an additional $
150,000 toward the Dunkirk Park skateboard and picnic grove projects, already
projected to cost $ 539,477.

One reason for the cost overrun was the need to build an "innovative evaporative
system" for the park's restroom.

"The cost of the restroom increased from an estimated $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 to $
87,000 when it was discovered that there was not adequate perkable area for the
septic," Paul D. Meadows, chief of Calvert County Parks and Recreation, wrote in
a memo to the commissioners.

The rest of the extra money will be used to cover other construction costs that
are higher than projected.

The request drew concern from several area residents. David Sisson of Chesapeake
Beach criticized the cost overruns and called the request "vague." Sisson
suggested that it be reviewed further.

"I would recommend you shelve this project," Sisson said.

A main concern raised by the commissioners had to do with an old issue related
to the problems encountered in the park: namely, the septic problems being
suffered by many residents in the Dunkirk area.

Patrick M. Buehler (D-St. Leonard) suggested the county "take another look at
the Dunkirk Town Center and sewage problems."

But like the other commissioners, Buehler decided to go forward with the park.

"I think it will help kids," he said.


Lone GOP Candidate in Hoyer Race


Maryland Republicans won't have to wait for the March 7 primary to unite behind
a candidate to challenge Democratic Rep. Steny H. Hoyer in the 5th Congressional
District that encompasses all of Southern Maryland.

State Del. Thomas E. "Tim" Hutchins (R-Charles) apparently will have the GOP
field to himself. Joseph T. Crawford, the only other candidate in the Republican
primary, has withdrawn from the race, state Republican leaders announced Monday.

Hutchins, a proven vote-getter in Charles County where he led all House of
Delegates candidates in the 1998 general election, may represent Republicans'
best chance in years of unseating Hoyer, who is seeking an 11th term. Hoyer won
easily in 1996 and 1998, after a tough race in 1994--the first election after
the 5th District "moved" south following the 1990 census. The district, which
was formerly centered in Prince George's County, now consists of Charles,
Calvert and St. Mary's counties, as well as southern portions of Prince George's
and Anne Arundel counties.

Crawford, a member of the Republican Central Committee in Charles County,
pledged to work for Hutchins's election. "I'm glad we can work together toward a
common goal--and that's to get Steny Hoyer out of office," Crawford said in a
statement released by the Maryland Republican Party.

Hoyer, whose careful tending to the defense and other federal high-technology
installations in the district has boosted his political stock among voters who
often seem more conservative than he is, still faces a primary opponent. Bruce
M. Ross of Beltsville will be on the Democratic primary ballot.


Mitchell Is True to New Schools


Motherhood. Apple pie. School construction.

He didn't address the first two, but make no mistake--Charles County Del. Van T.
Mitchell (D) believes in the third.

This much is known because Mitchell stood up at Tuesday's joint meeting of the
Charles County Board of Education and its Board of Commissioners to assert he
is--apparently contrary to rumor--in favor of school construction.

Seems he had received a number of telephone calls alleging he did not want to
build schools.

"I'm just here to clear the air," Mitchell said. "You can't build enough
schools. You can't build them fast enough."

In fact, Mitchell said, the county should get a move on and pressure Annapolis
for school funding while the school funding kitty is so big. In the early 1990s
the state spent about $ 60 million a year building schools, but it's now
spending $ 250 million, Mitchell said. The next governor might not have the
money or the inclination to provide such a level of school construction funding,
he said.

"We're missing the boat," Mitchell said. "I would jam [in] every project you
could possibly jam. . . . If we're going to do it we better do it in the next
three or four years."

Message heard, and projects will be proposed, said Board of Commissioners
President Murray D. Levy (D-At Large).

"If the [legislative] delegation is saying, 'You put them in there and we'll get
them'--fine," Levy said. "I can assure you we will have no trouble putting
additional schools" into funding requests.


Staff writer Todd Shields contributed to this report.

STENY H. HOYER THOMAS E. HUTCHINS

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            August 4, 2011, Thursday

Is the 30th District even constitutional?;
It marginalizes the votes of those living in the 31st

BYLINE: Charles Minimah

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 861 words


THE U.S. Supreme Court's fundamental "one person, one vote" standard for
legislative districting couldn't be clearer.

Our lawmakers must keep in mind this fundamental principle, and how the federal
courts will apply it. Otherwise, the Legislature could commit a blatant
violation of the Fourteenth Amendment's equal protection clause by effectively
diluting the voting power of thousands of minority voters.

Redistricting has been a topic for months now. Notable politicians, including
Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin, and media outlets have voiced support for the
adoption of single-member delegate districts statewide.

And while there are many valid arguments in support of single-member districts,
some state lawmakers seem resistant to change. Nowhere is that more true than in
Kanawha County, which is home to one of the largest multi-member districts in
the nation.

The six Democratic members of the seven-member 30th House of Delegates district
have argued in favor of keeping the status quo, citing the influence they
provide for their constituents.

It is this influence that likely violates our Constitution.

While political gerrymandering is generally allowed in the redistricting
process, federal courts are extremely sensitive to redistricting plans that
effectively discriminate against racial minorities.

Establishment of the "minority influence" 31st district in Kanawha County is
generally assumed to be a good thing, and it is. With almost a third of the
district's population comprised of minorities, its delegate is more keenly aware
of the needs of the community on issues such as racial profiling.

But creation of the seven-member 30th, and even the three-member 32nd district,
adjacent to the single-member "minority influence" district, overshadows voters
in the 31st, and actually discriminates against those of us who reside within
the minority-influence district.

The use of multi-member delegate districts is specifically disfavored under
enforcement of the Voting Rights Act because of the negative impact that
multi-member districts have on minority voters.

Analysis published in the Yale Law Journal shows that constituents of a
seven-member district like the 30th, would have 2.64 times more effective
representation than those living in a single-member district such as the 31st.

By removing a substantial portion of West Virginia's minority voting population
from the most powerful delegate district in the state, and relegating those
residents to a single-member district, state lawmakers have effectively
marginalized the voting power of those of us residing in the 31st district.

Instead of belonging to a legislative district with seven representatives, we
have only one. As a result, residents of the 31st district have a lesser chance
for representation on influential committees or leadership positions.

For example, if the Legislature is asked to fund a project in Kanawha County,
there are seven times as many delegates whose interest is in having it placed in
the 30th, compared to the single delegate whose interest is placement in the
minority influence district.

Similarly, members of the 30th district currently have representation on 14
committees in the House of Delegates, while we have representation on only four.

As a result, residents of the 30th district are almost guaranteed to have
representation on the most powerful committees that deal with the most important
issues facing our state.

For example, unlike voters in the wealthier and more powerful 30th district,
residents in our district currently have no representation on the House Finance
Committee, which is considering a reduction in the food tax that would greatly
help residents of our districts.

And perhaps as the ultimate insult, we have had no delegate on the powerful
House redistricting committee, while residents of the 30th have two.

We have actually been directed to raise our concerns with delegates who
represent voters of other districts.

All of these are reason enough for state lawmakers to break up the seven-member
30th district.

As Phil Kabler recently wrote in the Charleston Gazette:

"The reality is, anything short of breaking the 30th up into. . .smaller
delegate districts will almost certainly land the Legislature in federal court
for potential violation of the Voting Rights Act. Maintaining a "one man-seven
votes" 30th District adjacent to the "one man-one vote" 31st minority influence
district won't cut it, civil rights-wise."

The U.S. Supreme Court has held that a citizen's fundamental right to vote "can
be denied by a debasement or dilution of the weight of a citizen's vote just as
effectively as by wholly prohibiting the free exercise of the franchise."

I encourage all voters in the 31st district, including Delegate Meshea Poore, to
stand up against any plan that discriminates, directly or indirectly, on the
basis of race.

If single-member representation is good enough for the "minority influence"
district, it ought to be good enough for the rest of the Kanawha Valley.

Anything else would be unfair, and likely unconstitutional.

Minimah, a business owner, lives in the 31st district. He was a Republican
candidate for the seat in 2006.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

DC radio personality to make push against Obama's reelection

BYLINE: By Debbie Siegelbaum

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1019 words


A popular Washington political commentator is initiating a public campaign to
unseat President Obama in response to the city's lack of a voting representative
in Congress. "The Obama administration is actively working against D.C.," Mark
Plotkin, political analyst for WTOP Radio, told The Hill. Among Plotkin's
charges: that Obama has failed to take up the D.C. voting-rights cause since
taking office and has ignored requests from various groups to put a District
"taxation without representation" license plate on the presidential limo as a
symbol of solidarity. "This is beyond disrespect," he added.

"This is an attempt to humiliate, diminish and marginalize, and something needs
to be done." Obama was seen as the city's best hope of getting voting
representation in Congress. Its delegate can participate in congressional
debates and craft legislation but can't vote on the House floor. The president
is a longtime supporter of the issue and co-sponsored a 2007 bill that failed to
win enough votes for passage. But he caused outrage among residents two months
ago over the budget deal he reached with congressional Republicans, which
contained a provision that prevented the city from spending government funds,
even local money, on abortion services. Several D.C. council members and Mayor
Vincent Gray were arrested for protesting the deal, which renewed residents'
call for voting representation and led to charges that the president was using
the issue as a bargaining chip with Republicans in order to pass a government
funding measure. Now Plotkin plans to initiate an open call on the radio for a
D.C. candidate "of substance and stature" to run against Obama in 2012. "You
really need a reputable person of some stature and standing, so that this is not
viewed as a gimmick," he said. "It's not a gimmick; it's not a joke. It's the
highest form of political expression to say, 'You have treated us wrongly and
you have ignored us, and we're not going to take it.' " In addition, Plotkin
recommends that the D.C. Democratic State Committee instruct its three electors
either to file blank ballots or to vote for Obama's opponent in the D.C.
Democratic primary unless the president pushes for voting rights. "The only real
political currency we have is three electoral votes. I'm sure if they think
anything is a lock, it's the District of Columbia," he said. "It's 76 percent
Democratic registration; he got 93 percent of the vote in the general election;
it's a majority-African-American population." The concept of withholding
electoral votes in protest is not a new one. In 2000, D.C. Elector Barbara
Lett-Simmons left her ballot blank to protest the District's lack of
congressional representation, the first time since 1988 an elector had not
chosen the candidate he or she was elected to support. "The only thing Barack
Obama understands is political power and being embarrassed at the national
convention, and that's the plan," said Plotkin. "My hopes are that he starts
speaking and using the presidency as a bully pulpit. ... How about starting with
a 'Thank you, D.C.'?" The White House declined to address Plotkin's plan
directly, but did defend Obama's support of D.C. rights. "The president
continues to be an unequivocal supporter of D.C. voting rights and the Home Rule
Charter, which is very important to the residents of the District of Columbia,"
wrote White House spokeswoman Joanna Rosholm in an email. "Since taking office,
the president and first lady have embraced the D.C. community and look forward
to continuing to engage and support the citizens of our nation's capital,"
Rosholm added. In April of 2010, the president urged Congress to give D.C.
residents voting representation, calling on the legislative branch to pass the
D.C. Voting Rights Act when it came up for a vote. The measure didn't pass
because a controversial amendment was attached that would restrict D.C.'s right
to enact gun-control laws. Obama and his administration were not the only
lawmakers in Plotkin's political crosshairs. The commentator also criticized
Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.) for her lack of action. "Where the hell is
she?" asked Plotkin of Norton. "I think she has no intention of doing anything
that is serious about challenging the president. ... She's going along to get
along, and there's a limit." Norton's office did not respond to a request for
comment by press time. She had asked for the D.C. Voting Rights Act to be pulled
from the House schedule because of the provisions relaxing the city's gun laws.
Plotkin also leveled harsh words against voting-rights group DC Vote, which he
labeled "overly cautious." "I think DC Vote is well-meaning and
well-intentioned, but has no political muscle or creativity," he said. "They've
become an appendage to Eleanor Holmes Norton. They are a symbiotic relationship,
and they should be an independent entity." DC Vote executive director Ilir
Zherka dismissed Plotkin's criticisms of both his organization and Norton. "I
think it's foolhardy for people on the same side to be critical of each other as
we're working to resolve a very difficult situation under long odds where the
District of Columbia has very little power in the Congress and no natural
constituency outside of Washington, D.C.," he said. "We have an uphill battle,
and I think folks who are on the same side of this battle ought to be working in
concert or at least coordinating to some degree." While he declined to comment
directly on Plotkin's plans, Zherka did confirm a growing anger among D.C.
residents regarding the whittling-away of their rights in exchange for political
concessions. "D.C. residents are very frustrated with our allies, maybe even
more so than our opponents," said Zherka. "And that's because President Obama
and [Senate] Majority Leader Harry Reid [D-Nev.] decided collectively to trade
away the District's ability to fund local abortions the way it sees fit in order
to get a [budget] deal." Obama is "throwing the District under the bus," he
added. "I think what's happening is people are looking for avenues to secure
more democracy."

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

DC radio personality to make push against Obama's reelection

BYLINE: By Debbie Siegelbaum

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1019 words


A popular Washington political commentator is initiating a public campaign to
unseat President Obama in response to the city's lack of a voting representative
in Congress. "The Obama administration is actively working against D.C.," Mark
Plotkin, political analyst for WTOP Radio, told The Hill. Among Plotkin's
charges: that Obama has failed to take up the D.C. voting-rights cause since
taking office and has ignored requests from various groups to put a District
"taxation without representation" license plate on the presidential limo as a
symbol of solidarity. "This is beyond disrespect," he added.

"This is an attempt to humiliate, diminish and marginalize, and something needs
to be done." Obama was seen as the city's best hope of getting voting
representation in Congress. Its delegate can participate in congressional
debates and craft legislation but can't vote on the House floor. The president
is a longtime supporter of the issue and co-sponsored a 2007 bill that failed to
win enough votes for passage. But he caused outrage among residents two months
ago over the budget deal he reached with congressional Republicans, which
contained a provision that prevented the city from spending government funds,
even local money, on abortion services. Several D.C. council members and Mayor
Vincent Gray were arrested for protesting the deal, which renewed residents'
call for voting representation and led to charges that the president was using
the issue as a bargaining chip with Republicans in order to pass a government
funding measure. Now Plotkin plans to initiate an open call on the radio for a
D.C. candidate "of substance and stature" to run against Obama in 2012. "You
really need a reputable person of some stature and standing, so that this is not
viewed as a gimmick," he said. "It's not a gimmick; it's not a joke. It's the
highest form of political expression to say, 'You have treated us wrongly and
you have ignored us, and we're not going to take it.' " In addition, Plotkin
recommends that the D.C. Democratic State Committee instruct its three electors
either to file blank ballots or to vote for Obama's opponent in the D.C.
Democratic primary unless the president pushes for voting rights. "The only real
political currency we have is three electoral votes. I'm sure if they think
anything is a lock, it's the District of Columbia," he said. "It's 76 percent
Democratic registration; he got 93 percent of the vote in the general election;
it's a majority-African-American population." The concept of withholding
electoral votes in protest is not a new one. In 2000, D.C. Elector Barbara
Lett-Simmons left her ballot blank to protest the District's lack of
congressional representation, the first time since 1988 an elector had not
chosen the candidate he or she was elected to support. "The only thing Barack
Obama understands is political power and being embarrassed at the national
convention, and that's the plan," said Plotkin. "My hopes are that he starts
speaking and using the presidency as a bully pulpit. ... How about starting with
a 'Thank you, D.C.'?" The White House declined to address Plotkin's plan
directly, but did defend Obama's support of D.C. rights. "The president
continues to be an unequivocal supporter of D.C. voting rights and the Home Rule
Charter, which is very important to the residents of the District of Columbia,"
wrote White House spokeswoman Joanna Rosholm in an email. "Since taking office,
the president and first lady have embraced the D.C. community and look forward
to continuing to engage and support the citizens of our nation's capital,"
Rosholm added. In April of 2010, the president urged Congress to give D.C.
residents voting representation, calling on the legislative branch to pass the
D.C. Voting Rights Act when it came up for a vote. The measure didn't pass
because a controversial amendment was attached that would restrict D.C.'s right
to enact gun-control laws. Obama and his administration were not the only
lawmakers in Plotkin's political crosshairs. The commentator also criticized
Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.) for her lack of action. "Where the hell is
she?" asked Plotkin of Norton. "I think she has no intention of doing anything
that is serious about challenging the president. ... She's going along to get
along, and there's a limit." Norton's office did not respond to a request for
comment by press time. She had asked for the D.C. Voting Rights Act to be pulled
from the House schedule because of the provisions relaxing the city's gun laws.
Plotkin also leveled harsh words against voting-rights group DC Vote, which he
labeled "overly cautious." "I think DC Vote is well-meaning and
well-intentioned, but has no political muscle or creativity," he said. "They've
become an appendage to Eleanor Holmes Norton. They are a symbiotic relationship,
and they should be an independent entity." DC Vote executive director Ilir
Zherka dismissed Plotkin's criticisms of both his organization and Norton. "I
think it's foolhardy for people on the same side to be critical of each other as
we're working to resolve a very difficult situation under long odds where the
District of Columbia has very little power in the Congress and no natural
constituency outside of Washington, D.C.," he said. "We have an uphill battle,
and I think folks who are on the same side of this battle ought to be working in
concert or at least coordinating to some degree." While he declined to comment
directly on Plotkin's plans, Zherka did confirm a growing anger among D.C.
residents regarding the whittling-away of their rights in exchange for political
concessions. "D.C. residents are very frustrated with our allies, maybe even
more so than our opponents," said Zherka. "And that's because President Obama
and [Senate] Majority Leader Harry Reid [D-Nev.] decided collectively to trade
away the District's ability to fund local abortions the way it sees fit in order
to get a [budget] deal." Obama is "throwing the District under the bus," he
added. "I think what's happening is people are looking for avenues to secure
more democracy."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             April 12, 2010 Monday

Time to speak up for liberty in America

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LETTER TO THE EDITOR; Editorials

LENGTH: 313 words


Don't be fooled by the feeding frenzy created by the Democrats and compliant
media about the danger of people who disagree with this government. The
Democrats continue to play their tricks, trying to paint anyone who dissents as
a troublemaker. The Democrats allege vitriol and acts of violence, but we don't
have any proof of them, only allegations that they refuse to back up with proof.
However, there is something for which we do have proof. It was the office of
Republican Eric Cantor, which sustained gunshots and for which an arrest has
been made.

The Obama administration, Democrats and compliant media have been trying to
marginalize or even silence dissent and dissenters. Let's not forget the
health-care town-hall meetings last summer. Remember that anyone who disagreed
with the bill was called a terrorist, un-American and, according to Nancy
Pelosi, a Nazi. That's when I, a life-long Democrat of 64 years, became a
Republican. Wow, was I fooled by the Democrats, but no more!

Do you remember Obama's statement on the campaign trail in Philadelphia, June
13, 2008: "If you bring a knife to the fight, we will bring a gun"? Maybe they
will be applying that in April when they call in the CEOs of some of the large
companies who took charges, required by the SEC, because of losses they will
experience as a result of the health-care bill. I guess they don't want the CEOs
to comply with the law, if it means exposing the Obamacare-created financial
problems. This government has been trying to intimidate the public from speaking
out. Now they are doing it to private businesses.

"When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. When the government
fears the people, there is liberty." Speak up for liberty and prevent the
government takeover when you vote in November, one of the most important
elections in this country's history.

DEBRA GLASSMAN

North Chelmsford

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 26, 1997, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

CENSUS IS LIKELY TO UNDERCOUNT LATINOS

BYLINE: Carlos Munoz Jr.; Progressive Media Project

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B7, COMMENTARY COLUMN

LENGTH: 519 words


* Minimizing Latino-Americans as a racial group marginalizes them in the
conversation of race.

Preparations for the 2000 census are under way. But unless something changes,
the census will come up short.

Tinkering with racial categories, as the Census Bureau has done, isn't enough to
illustrate fully our nation's changing color. It likely will undercount Latinos
and fail to count the multiracial population accurately.

The president's Office of Management and Budget recently announced that the next
census would include new racial categories that will allow people to identify
themselves as members of more than one race.

The new categories are: black or African-American; white; American Indian or
Alaskan Native; Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander; and Asian.

With the exception of the Native Hawaiian designation, these categories are not
really new ones. All that has been done is to add African-American to the
previous black category. The Alaskan Native category replaces the previous one
of Alaskan Eskimo.

The new census form will offer no racial category for Latino-Americans.  They
will continue to be defined by the ethnic category "Hispanic."

Federal government agencies define a Hispanic person as being "of Mexican,
Puerto Rican, Cuban, Central or South American or other Spanish culture or
origin, regardless of race."

By this definition, all Latino-Americans have a Spanish culture and race is
irrelevant to their experience. This completely ignores their multiracial and
multicultural origins. Though Latino-Americans are a distinct group in U.S.
society, individual Latinos can have any combination of indigenous or Native
American, African, Asian or European ancestry.

Latinos can choose any one or more of these racial categories before thinking to
check off, separately, the ethnic category of "Hispanic." As a result, the
census probably will undercount them, even though it's estimated that Latinos
will become the largest group of people of color by the middle of the 21st
century.

The minimizing of Latino-Americans as a racial group means they are marginalized
in the conversation of race, which has been largely reduced to black-and-white
terms.

The Office of Management and Budget missed a chance to truly update the census
when it rejected a proposed "multiracial" category. This category would have
given us a count of Americans of mixed race - a population that has experienced
significant growth and now numbers an estimated 2 million.

Like the Latino population, the multiracial population is likely to grow and its
role in our nation's social and political life will become m ore pronounced.

Multiracial Americans have the potential to bridge the divide between racial
groups. They represent, at least hypothetically, a force that can be
instrumental in shaping a new politics of race that goes beyond a singular
racial identity.

President Bill Clinton should instruct his Advisory Committee on Race to expand
its discussion to include Latino and multiracial Americans, and he should send
the Census Bureau back to the drawing board.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday

Church's stand on California's Prop. 8 marginalizes Mormon Democrats

BYLINE: Todd Compton

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 829 words


Recently a member of our LDS stake presidency spoke in our sacrament meeting in
favor of Proposition 8, which would change the California Constitution so that
homosexuals are banned from participating in marriage.

He did not explain how the church views homosexuals or why same-sex marriage was
bad; instead, he simply stated that we needed to "follow the prophet" on this
issue. If we had raised our right arms and sustained the prophet in the last
General Conference, we needed to obey him now, by voting in the way he has
directed, by paying as much money as possible to the cause of Prop. 8 (church
leaders are giving many Mormons assessments to donate specific large amounts),
and by knocking on doors and encouraging people in our neighborhoods to vote for
Prop. 8. (The church has instructed us to donate to an organization called
Protectmarriage.com.)

All of this is reminiscent of the early days of The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints when leaders instructed members how to vote and Mormons
willingly voted as a bloc. The church has not given us general principles, using
education or persuasion, then asked us to thoughtfully and prayerfully consider
the issue and vote on it. Instead, church leaders have instructed us to simply
"follow the prophet" by voting for and supporting Prop. 8. While the church has
made some talking points and arguments for Prop. 8 available, this has been
almost an afterthought.

This has not been a problem for Republican Mormons, the great majority in our
church, but it is a problem for the minority of Mormons who, like myself, are
wholehearted Democrats. Banning gay marriage is an issue strongly associated
with the Republican Party.

Among the leaders of Protectmarriage.com are the widow of William "Pete" Knight,
Republican state senator in California, and his former chief of staff. The
Wikipedia website on Prop. 8 tells us that its prominent supporters are
Republican state senators and members of the Assembly. Protect marriage.com is
required to disclose its expenditures, and on Feb. 5, 2008, it paid $500 to the
California Republican Party under the Expenditure Code "Meetings and
Appearances." I've been told that this money was spent for a booth, presumably
for some Republican gathering.

The California Republican Party has officially endorsed a "yes" vote on Prop. 8,
while the California Democratic Party has endorsed a "no" vote. McCain supports
Prop. 8; Obama opposes it.

Banning homosexual marriage is not just a characteristic Republican issue; it's
characteristic of the Republican far right. Karl Rove, who masterminded the
technique of getting the Republican base out to vote by using divisive wedge
issues, made banning homosexual marriage his preferred polarizing issue. In my
view, Rove represents the worst in American politics. And now Mormon Democrats
are being commanded to become close allies of Rove in this respect.

I've never understood the Republican argument that allowing homosexual marriage
will prevent heterosexual marriage. However, I do know that typical Democrats
conceptualize this as a civil rights issue. Homosexuals are a minority,
different from the majority; therefore, there is a tendency for the majority to
deny minorities, such as homosexuals, full civil rights. The Republican Party's
record on civil rights in this century has been abysmal. There are no black
Republicans in Congress, and this is not a problem for many Republicans. On the
other hand, civil rights is an issue that Democrats care passionately about. So
it is not surprising that most Republicans support Prop. 8, while most Democrats
oppose it.

It's not hard to see the far-reaching consequences of the LDS Church's "follow
the prophet" campaign for Prop. 8: Many Mormons will now use this issue as a
litmus test for candidates. For example, one of my Mormon friends told me that
he would not vote for Obama because of his position on same-sex marriage.

In addition, those rare liberal Democrats who remain active in the LDS Church
will be made increasingly uncomfortable in their church attendance, as this
characteristic Republican issue is continually pushed from the pulpit in LDS
congregations. One friend of mine has declared he will no longer attend his
long-time home ward because statements against Prop. 8 opponents have been so
offensive to him. Another friend of mine incurred the wrath of his bishop and
stake president because he quietly wore a rainbow pin to church.

The LDS Church always states that it is politically neutral; however, in this
case it seems to be saying, "It's acceptable for church members to be Democrats,
as long as they uphold characteristic Republican positions."

---

* TODD COMPTON is an independent historian whose book, In Sacred Loneliness: the
Plural Wives of Joseph Smith, received the best book award from the Mormon
History Association in 1998. A native of Provo, a graduate of BYU and UCLA, and
a father of two, he presently works in a law firm in Palo Alto, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Todd Compton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

School board members must speak up

BYLINE: John Florez For the Deseret News

LENGTH: 643 words


Score one for the people. The 2014 legislature passed a critical law, HB250,
that gives new life to our petrified and rigid local school boards. It's a
critical policy that for the first time affirms individual school board members
have the obligation to represent their constituents, not the "corporate body."

Sen. John Valentine called it an important law making it clear that individual
school board members represent the interest of their constituents and not the
"corporate body." An individual board member can no longer be "restricted or
impaired" when representing the interests of his or her residents.

Some seasoned school board insiders often muzzle and marginalize dissenters by
ignoring them or denying them information. In their orientation, new board
members are told they are supposed to get along with their colleagues - the
family - and remember they represent the corporate body, and cannot speak for
the board. The bureaucrats have created a maze of rules created to stifle any
dissent that would disrupt the status quo.

School boards have mastered the art of ignoring even legislators. They are
fastidious about following process and custom, of which John W. Gardner has
said, "the last dying breath of an organization is to write another policy in
the policy manual." Once elected to the board, many are co-opted and intimidated
by the bureaucratic professionals who know best; they quickly comply with the
myriad administrative rules created to protect the corporate body. Many do not
see or exercise their responsibility of overseeing their school district. In
doing so, they compromise the taxpayers' interest. The result is an insulated
school board that gives the appearance of leadership while succumbing to the
seasoned administrators who make sure nothing happens.

It's been said an organization needs a dissenter, and if it doesn't have one, it
ought to find a few. The Salt Lake School Board has one who has attempted to
exercise his fiduciary responsibility by seeking answers to problems he sees in
the operation of the district. That's his duty. He raised questions about
possible problems pertaining to alleged racial disparity. Rather than directing
the superintendent to look into the matter, the board dismissed the dissenter as
a troublemaker. One would hope the district would have known, or at least would
want to find out, if students were being denied an equal access to education.
The issue is now being investigated by the federal Office of Civil Rights, which
becomes costlier for taxpayers.

The Utah Legislature reaffirmed that local school board members have the
obligation to speak out to ensure their constituents' interests are represented.
To do less abdicates their responsibility to their constituents who entrusted
them with overseeing one of the most vital institutions of our society. School
boards should be more than showcases; rather, they should be public forums where
education policymaking is vigorously debated and is transparent and accountable
to the public.

Local boards now allow for everyone and no one to be responsible for the
management of education and hide behind the regulations they have created to
avoid responsibility. The passage of HB250 makes it clear each local school
board member has the responsibility to assure our schools prepare our children
to succeed in the ever-changing world they will face.

The new law also makes it clear local taxpayers must make sure their elected
local board member's loyalty is to them, not the bureaucracy. Start by finding
out who is your board member. And remember, democracy is not a spectator sport.

Utah native John Florez served on the U.S. Senate Labor Committee and as Utah
industrial commissioner. His White House appointments included deputy assistant
secretary of labor and Commission on Hispanic Education member. Email:
jdflorez@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            February 1, 2015 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 State Edition

FOOD FIT FOR PRINT

BYLINE: Addie Broyles American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 2884 words


Kimberly Wilmot Voss admits that her 2014 book "The Food Section" was motivated
in part by spite.

The University of Central Florida associate professor had long studied
journalism history with a focus on women's pages, whose coverage of the four F's
- family, food, fashion and finishing, called "soft news" - has long been
dismissed among most journalism historians as unimportant or irrelevant.

Voss saw the lavish praise heaped upon food writers James Beard and Craig
Clairborne while the legacy of the journalists who laid the foundation of the
foodie movement of today, including founding New York Times food editor Jane
Nickerson and Associated Press food editor Clementine Paddleford, languished
like a forgotten can of beans in the back of the pantry. She set out to rewrite
history.

As she researched the founding food editors at newspapers across the country,
Voss found that the early women's page editors had considerable clout among
their readers and, in the case of food editors, oversaw some of the most
lucrative sections. (One Thanksgiving food section at the Los Angeles Times
brought in a million dollars in advertising revenue for the newspaper.)

Marginalizing these early years of food writing is another way to marginalize
women's influence on society, especially during the 1950s and 1960s, Voss says.

During her years of research, Voss discovered that food writers from coast to
coast were writing about food safety, nutrition, food pricing and the
revolutionary changes in how we cook, from frozen dinners to microwaves.

Despite loyal, fervent readerships, these food writers faced criticism that
their work was fluff or, at worst, corrupt because of their working
relationships with food manufacturers, who were also advertisers and, in the
early days, hosted conferences to showcase new products.

One of the most vitriolic attacks came from Utah Sen. Frank Moss, who in 1971
attended a national conference of food editors and called the attendees "whores
of the supermarket industry" for accepting product samples. That incident led to
the formation of the Association of Food Journalists, an organization that
continues to set the bar for ethics in the industry.

Voss writes about the decades leading up to that turning moment in American food
journalism by profiling characters like Paddleford, who was also a pilot who
could fly herself to assignments across the country, and Jeanne Voltz, who
covered food in Miami before moving to the Los Angeles Times, where she wrote
hard-hitting stories about consumer news, including the quickly changing field
of nutrition.

Food writers often took pen names, which made tracking down their real stories
even harder, but Voss dug deep to find out about other early pioneers, whose
names you're likely to find in any stack of clipped recipes gathered from the
time.

"These women were considered nothing," Voss says. "They were real journalists
and home economists, but they certainly weren't corrupt and they were nobody's
fool."

In the face of pressure from advertisers not to cover price increases or health
concerns over the products that were advertised, they wrote those stories
anyway, Voss writes.

Nickerson's story is perhaps the most intriguing to people who might have heard
of Beard or Claiborne, whose careers have been documented in countless books and
whose names grace the highest honors in the industry.

In 1942, Nickerson became the first food editor of the New York Times, 15 years
before Claiborne took over the job.

She helped readers figure out how to cook within food rationing during World War
II and then into the post-war food boom that introduced new products and
technologies. After the war ended, she traveled to England to report on how the
war still ravaged the food supply there.

Nickerson "retired" from her position and moved to Florida, where she continued
to write about food for decades, but her influential tenure at the newspaper has
been left out of nearly every story written about the history of its food
coverage.

Claiborne is given all this credit for changing the way we eat, Voss says, but
it's the local food editors with whom millions of Americans felt a special bond.

One of the reasons for this affection was just how long food editors typically
stayed in their positions, some as long as 50 years. "I don't know any other
beat that reporters would stay on for that long and at the same paper," she
says.

"Studying newspaper history (in smaller markets) tells us so much about that
community in a way that studying the New York Times doesn't provide," she says.
"These food sections were early social media. An editor would publish a question
or call for recipes and someone would send in an answer," she says of the savvy
community-building that happened long before the Internet.

"That sense of community that food editors created is universal everywhere I've
been."

Even though they tackled serious food news in a way we've forgotten, the food
writers also published lighter stories and recipes that carried considerably
more value than we've remembered.

The people profiled in the women's pages were doing notable work in the
community that might not otherwise have been covered in the "hard" news pages,
and every family seems to have a folder of clipped recipes that we just can't
seem to throw away, no matter how brittle the paper or unappetizing the photo
looks today.

The lesson: "Soft" food news matters.

Food editors in Texas

Kitty Crider knows firsthand that connection between a newspaper food editor and
her community.

"To this day, I have people out and about who stop me and say, 'Do you remember
that time you photographed my son or daughter for that story?'" Crider says.

Crider, who spent 28 years in charge of the Statesman's food section, is one of
a handful of longtime food editors in the state who helped readers navigate one
of the most transformative eras of food culture.

In Texas, standalone food sections began to flourish in the 1960s, with the
Dallas Morning News jumping in first sometime in the mid-1950s with a section
under the watch of Julie Benell, a food writer who split her time at a TV
station, where she had a popular daily variety show.

Even though the San Antonio Express-News didn't start a standalone food section
until 1973, the paper has the distinction of hiring what might have been the
first full-time newspaper food editor in Texas: Hattie Llewellyn, who chronicled
San Antonio's food culture from 1937 to 1966.

In 1978, the American-Statesman was one of the last metropolitan papers in the
state to add a section dedicated to food.

Elaine Corn was an editor at the Statesman in the mid-1970s, when her friend
Dotty Griffith took over the food section at the Dallas Morning News. Corn
started writing for the features section, which had a bridal section and was
considered the "women's pages."

Corn and others, including Opal Washington, a county extension agent who was
likely the first female African-American columnist at the paper, and Ellie
Rucker, who had a daily Q&A column, covered food in articles that ran in various
sections throughout the week, but Corn knew that it was time for a standalone
section dedicated to food and dining.

"I was taking all these cooking classes from Martha (Rose Shulman, who later
penned a vegetarian column that she eventually filed from Paris)," Corn says,
"and it got me thinking, â  This paper doesn't even have a food section.'"

It took several attempts, but armed with a story list that could fill up the
section for a year, Corn successfully lobbied her editors at the Statesman to
launch the standalone food section in the summer of 1978, more than a decade
after its major metropolitan counterparts.

"We knew the readership was changing before our eyes," Corn says. Feminism had
taken hold and the "women's pages" needed to reflect those changes with coverage
that addressed working women and men who cooked.

Corn, who later wrote books in a "Now You Are Cooking" series, left the
Statesman in 1981 to work at the Louisville, Ky., newspaper and continues to
write about food in the Sacramento, Calif., area.

Kitty's Crumbs

Crider took over the food editor position in 1979, about a year after the
section started.

The Tennessee native, who grew up in Memphis reading the Commercial Appeal and
had a grandmother who graduated from college with a domestic science degree,
started her own food writing career after graduating from the University of
Tennessee with degrees in journalism and home economics. She wrote her first
food stories for the society section of a newspaper in Alabama before moving to
Austin for her husband's job.

"When I started this job, I was a recipe lady, and yet I've seen it grow so
vastly and so diversely," she says.

She and her fellow food editors tried kiwi and starfruit for the first time at
national food conferences. They judged the Pillsbury Bake-off and attended
Butterball University and took work trips to Europe and Mexico to write about
the origins of the foodways that were influencing American cuisine.

Even amid a quickly changing field, they insisted on maintaining ethical
journalism practices that fostered trust with readers while both working with
and covering local and national food brands.

"Food writers have long been walking the fine line between over-commercialism
and brand loyalty that occurs naturally in the hearts of grocery shoppers,"
Crider says.

The food editors that preceded her had to teach readers how to use a fridge, a
blender and a food processor, but the microwave - one of the last great
technical innovations in the kitchen - happened on her watch.

Crider, who had to learn food styling and public speaking on the job, spent six
months learning about the newfangled cooking machine before she finally felt
proficient enough to write about it.

"It wasn't just the writing; it was answering that phone, helping people solve
those questions or find that recipe," she says. "We're like friends even though
we might not know each others' names. You were their resource."

It was a very different job than many others in the newsroom, she says.

Crider says that men in Austin were cooking earlier than we've remembered,
participating in the Statesman's long-running holiday cooking contest from its
inception in the 1980s.

She recalls some of her favorite stories, such as working the night shift with
Elmar Prambs at the Four Seasons to explore how the hotel meets food demands 24
hours a day or tracking six people for six months as they worked with a
dietitian to lose weight.

Crider, who has traveled to more than 20 countries with her husband, Chester,
since retiring from the Statesman in 2008, still writes about food as a
freelancer and loves cooking with her son, who first learned how to cook as a
helper when his mom needed to test recipes during the early years of her career.

Even though the Austin dining scene garners so much media attention today,
cooking at home remains integral to people's lives, Crider says: "There's a lot
of interest in restaurants, but for the most part, people are feeding themselves
out of their kitchens."

â  It was all

changing so rapidly'

Crider knew and worked with other food editors around the state, including Ann
Criswell, who became the first food editor of the Houston Chronicle food section
in 1966.

The "country girl" from Mineloa held that position for nearly 35 years, one of
the longest food editorship tenures in Texas. (Pat Sharpe, Texas Monthly's food
editor, recently marked 40 years of working at the magazine.)

Shortly after the Houston Chronicle's food section debuted, it bloomed to a
lucrative 30-page section that Criswell often single-handedly filled with
stories she wrote or assigned and edited. "It was like giving birth every week.
I'd go down and watch it come off the press and feel such pride in it."

Criswell, a 1954 graduate of Texas Women's University in Denton, remembers the
Portland Oregonian having a food staff of nearly a dozen, but she and many other
editors in Texas worked with much smaller staffs.

Feeding an insatiable appetite for recipes that remains, Criswell ran as many as
70 each week. "I tried to be very selective that the recipes had to be
affordable and not too many ingredients."

Answering reader calls was one of Criswell's most important jobs, especially
when it came to explaining new ingredients or even the basics of nutrition.

"We take for granted about what it takes to be an educated eater these days,"
she says, recalling a reader who was furious when Criswell told her that
vegetable oil, despite the name, had the same grams of fat as other oils.

Lime zest was an ingredient that always stumped readers. Anytime that ingredient
appeared in the paper, Criswell knew she'd get calls asking what it was.

Criswell looks back on her tenure as one of the most interesting periods of time
in food in American history.

"There were so many new techniques, so many new products and new ingredients.
Arugula and radicchio, no one had ever heard of that," she says. She'll never
forget a call from a reader who wanted to make a spinach salad with canned
spinach because she couldn't afford raw.

"It was changing so rapidly," she says. "We'd go to food editor meetings and
there would be things you never conceived of in your life that suddenly were
very important, especially nutrition."

Criswell still lives in Houston, where a recent story about how she is doing in
her retirement garnered more responses than nearly any other story written in
the section in the past decade.

"One lady stopped me in the grocery store and asked me, â  Didn't you used to be
Ann Criswell?'' â  Yes I am, and I still am.'"

Making home

economy relevant

Criswell says that Benell is likely "the best known food editor in Texas that
there has ever been," but she wasn't the only early pioneer.

Jo Ann Vachule, who worked at the Statesman with her husband, Jim, before moving
to Fort Worth, became the Star-Telegram's first food editor in 1963. Dorothy
Sinz was the food editor of the Dallas Times Herald from the 1940s through 1969,
around the same time that May Del Flagg oversaw the coverage at the Houston
Post. By 1967, Ann Valentine had taken the title of food editor at the Houston
Post.

With our changing news consumption habits and journalism business models, some
newspapers around the country have cut back on food coverage. Some food sections
have folded altogether, most notably at the San Francisco Chronicle and, in
Texas, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, but Dotty Griffith says the interest in
food writing as a profession is stronger than ever.

Griffith began working at the Dallas Morning News in 1972 and took over the food
editorship from Carol Sewell, who was Benell's successor, in 1978. Griffith
moved on to become the restaurant critic, which was the job she held when she
retired and moved to Austin in 2006.

She's back in Dallas now, gearing up to teach a culinary food media course at
the University of North Texas this fall. With food blogging and an increased
interest in both cooking and restaurant culture, "everybody wants to be a food
writer now."

During the 1970s and 1980s, Griffith saw newspapers throwing more resources at
the food sections, especially to make the kinds of photos that readers couldn't
throw away. "It was a time when there was a recognition that there could be a
true food journalist, just like other writers and reporters."

The home economists on staff had the technical knowledge, but the journalists
knew about writing and reporting. "We had to find that balance" between
scientific information and consumer interest, Griffith says.

Vachule, Griffith says, had the foresight to push a story about the debut of
frozen foods to the front page of the newspaper. "It was one of the first ever
food A1 stories in the state," Griffith says. "She had the good news sense to
see it for what it was: an introduction of a new way of life."

In San Antonio, Karen Haram finished her three-decade stint as the Express-News
food editor last year.

From her perch over the city, she didn't see as many men cooking as Crider did
in Austin, but she relished in her relationship with readers.

"When I first started writing about food, it was a section that only women read.
There was no embracing or welcoming of men into this world at all," she says.
"By the end, I would get as many phone calls from men as I did from women."

Food writers took the place of the home economists that used to answer calls at
the county extension office or electric company headquarters, but it's hard for
anyone, even food professionals, to determine which fads will last.

Haram remembers finding Lean Cuisine meals in the store and doubting that
customers would want to buy low-calorie foods and debating with fellow food
writers whether cooks would pay more for chicken meat that has been separated
off the carcass.

Haram says that watching the evolution of American food culture - and life - was
nothing short of a remarkable journey: "There could not have been a better job
in the world."

Contact Addie Broyles

at 512-912-2504.

Twitter: @broylesa

Addie Broyles has been writing about food for the Austin American-Statesman
since 2008. She covers food trends, culture and cooking for the Wednesday food
section and Austin360.com.


To see more photos with this story, go to austin360.com.


THE BOOK
  AND AUTHOR


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION: A story on Page D1 of Sunday's Austin360 incorrectly stated the name
of Texas Woman's University and the home state of newspaper food writer Kitty
Crider. She was born in Mississippi.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 15, 2014

Hedge Funds Profit on FHA Loans Sidelining Nonprofits

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 38 No. 50

LENGTH: 1136  words


The Federal Housing Administration started selling distressed loans in 2012 to
help communities hit hard by foreclosures while also reducing losses to its
taxpayer-backed insurance fund.

Two years later, the first reports on the loan sales show the program has
benefited the insurance fund more than the communities, as hedge funds and
private equity-backed investors drive up prices for the loans they buy with few
strings attached.

Firms such as Bayview Asset Management, a portfolio company of Blackstone Group
LP, and billionaire John Grayken's Lone Star Funds have won auctions for almost
half of the $15.8 billion in nonperforming loans sold since 2010 by the FHA,
according to an Aug. 28 report by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. Not-for-profit groups that want to buy the pools of mortgages say
the current system favors financial buyers over those whose primary mission is
aiding borrowers and communities.

"Large pools allow the Lone Stars and Bayviews to marginalize small,
neighborhood-focused bidders," said Sharon Pratt, a former mayor of Washington,
D.C., and chief executive officer of Home Preservation Exchange, a nonprofit
focused on neighborhood stabilization. "The present-day auction system makes it
very difficult for small enterprises to compete and every bit as important -
have an impact on targeted neighborhoods."

Nonperforming loan prices have risen as investors compete to cash in on the
housing recovery by turning the properties into rentals or reselling them with a
markup after repossession. Rising prices for the FHA's delinquent loans helped
cut its insurance fund losses to about 53% of the value of the debt from 63.5%
in 2010, according to the HUD report.

"We think it's doing what it's intended to do," FHA Commissioner Carol Galante
said in an interview. "Which is both get better recoveries for the FHA fund and
at the same time give borrowers and communities additional opportunities to
either stay in their home or have better outcomes than if the loans went through
the foreclosure process."

The government mortgage insurer, which focuses on backing low-down-payment loans
for first-time home buyers, has been under pressure to improve its bottom line
as losses on delinquent house payments depleted its reserves after the housing
bubble burst. Losses of more than $50 billion on mortgages it insured caused the
FHA to take a taxpayer subsidy of $1.7 billion last year, the first in its
80-year history.

About 80% of the FHA mortgages were sold in national pools with few restrictions
on how the debt is resolved. The rest of the nonperforming loans were auctioned
in Neighborhood Stabilization Outcome portfolios, which require winning bidders
to offer modifications and other foreclosure alternatives on at least half of
the loans.

The neighborhood stabilization pools outperformed the national ones by having
more reperforming loans, more resales to new owners and a smaller share of
foreclosures for mortgages resolved through May, according to the HUD report.
Nearly a quarter of the neighborhood loans resumed payments after a modification
while 8.7% of the national mortgages reperformed.

Almost 21% of the neighborhood loans compared with 11.6% of the national ones
ended with short sales, when the loan holder agreed to sell the home for less
than the balance of the debt. Those transactions are less damaging to a
borrower's credit record and keep the house occupied.

About 41% of national loans ended with foreclosures, compared with 29% of the
neighborhood mortgages. Almost 23% of the national loans were resold to third
parties that no longer report outcomes. Less than 1% of the neighborhood
mortgages were resold.

"The results are pretty stunning," said Gary McCarthy, a partner in HMC Assets
LLC, a winner of six HUD neighborhood stabilization portfolios with an unpaid
balance of $496 million. "The NSO pools had far superior results." HMC, which
buys loans as Corona Asset Management, has rehabilitated dozens of abandoned
homes in North Las Vegas, Nev., from a portfolio of 217 mortgages purchased this
year, many of which have become rentals for families serving at Nellis Air Force
Base, he said.

HUD plans to auction 15,000 loans with an unpaid balance of $2.3 billion this
month, according to Debt Exchange, which manages the sales. Those are all
national without the neighborhood stabilization requirements.

FHA "would love to be doing more" neighborhood sales "where it makes sense,"
because they have better outcomes for more borrowers, Galante said. That's not
always feasible, because the loans must be in geographically concentrated areas
with a small number of servicers, she said. "It's just having enough in an area
that you get to a reasonable economy of scale," she said.

The FHA insured more than 437,000 seriously delinquent loans as of June 30,
meaning they were at least 90 days late or in foreclosure, according to the
Mortgage Bankers Association. The 91,114 mortgages sold so far averaged 31
months delinquent.

When the FHA announced the neighborhood stabilization program, it pledged to
work with for-profit and nonprofit investors who "have shown great interest in
using this program to help borrowers in their community find affordable
solutions as quickly as possible," Galante said in a 2012 press release.

Nonprofits and community development organizations have won auctions for 1.4% of
the soured debt, mostly in early rounds of the sales. They didn't win any of the
10 neighborhood stabilization pools sold in June with $695 million in debt on
4,224 homes.

"This market has become uber competitive," said Wayne Meyer, president of New
Jersey Community Capital, a not-for-profit community-development financial firm,
which won two auctions in 2012 and none since.

Even small deals were awarded to for-profit buyers. New Jersey Community Capital
lost its bid for 108 loans in Cumberland County, New Jersey, with an unpaid
balance of $16.2 million. Kondaur Capital Corp., a mortgage investor and
servicer affiliated with hedge fund manager Tourmalet Advisors LP, was the
winning bidder on that group as well as pools in Chicago and Detroit this year.
"We lost to Kondaur," Meyer said. "Now we are hoping to find a way we can work
with them."

The properties in Cumberland County, which suffered damage from Hurricane Sandy,
were three to five years delinquent, according to Peter Grof, deputy to the
president at New Jersey Community Capital.

"Foreclosures tend to lead to disinvestment, as other homeowners also face
foreclosure, property values fall, homeowners relocate, and properties become
vacant and community hazards," Grof said in an email. "We would expect that
these conditions would only be amplified when destroyed or substantially
storm-damaged homes are now also found on the same blocks as the many foreclosed
homes."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 15, 2014

Hedge Funds Profit on FHA Loans Sidelining Nonprofits

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 38 No. 50

LENGTH: 1136  words


The Federal Housing Administration started selling distressed loans in 2012 to
help communities hit hard by foreclosures while also reducing losses to its
taxpayer-backed insurance fund.

Two years later, the first reports on the loan sales show the program has
benefited the insurance fund more than the communities, as hedge funds and
private equity-backed investors drive up prices for the loans they buy with few
strings attached.

Firms such as Bayview Asset Management, a portfolio company of Blackstone Group
LP, and billionaire John Grayken's Lone Star Funds have won auctions for almost
half of the $15.8 billion in nonperforming loans sold since 2010 by the FHA,
according to an Aug. 28 report by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. Not-for-profit groups that want to buy the pools of mortgages say
the current system favors financial buyers over those whose primary mission is
aiding borrowers and communities.

"Large pools allow the Lone Stars and Bayviews to marginalize small,
neighborhood-focused bidders," said Sharon Pratt, a former mayor of Washington,
D.C., and chief executive officer of Home Preservation Exchange, a nonprofit
focused on neighborhood stabilization. "The present-day auction system makes it
very difficult for small enterprises to compete and every bit as important -
have an impact on targeted neighborhoods."

Nonperforming loan prices have risen as investors compete to cash in on the
housing recovery by turning the properties into rentals or reselling them with a
markup after repossession. Rising prices for the FHA's delinquent loans helped
cut its insurance fund losses to about 53% of the value of the debt from 63.5%
in 2010, according to the HUD report.

"We think it's doing what it's intended to do," FHA Commissioner Carol Galante
said in an interview. "Which is both get better recoveries for the FHA fund and
at the same time give borrowers and communities additional opportunities to
either stay in their home or have better outcomes than if the loans went through
the foreclosure process."

The government mortgage insurer, which focuses on backing low-down-payment loans
for first-time home buyers, has been under pressure to improve its bottom line
as losses on delinquent house payments depleted its reserves after the housing
bubble burst. Losses of more than $50 billion on mortgages it insured caused the
FHA to take a taxpayer subsidy of $1.7 billion last year, the first in its
80-year history.

About 80% of the FHA mortgages were sold in national pools with few restrictions
on how the debt is resolved. The rest of the nonperforming loans were auctioned
in Neighborhood Stabilization Outcome portfolios, which require winning bidders
to offer modifications and other foreclosure alternatives on at least half of
the loans.

The neighborhood stabilization pools outperformed the national ones by having
more reperforming loans, more resales to new owners and a smaller share of
foreclosures for mortgages resolved through May, according to the HUD report.
Nearly a quarter of the neighborhood loans resumed payments after a modification
while 8.7% of the national mortgages reperformed.

Almost 21% of the neighborhood loans compared with 11.6% of the national ones
ended with short sales, when the loan holder agreed to sell the home for less
than the balance of the debt. Those transactions are less damaging to a
borrower's credit record and keep the house occupied.

About 41% of national loans ended with foreclosures, compared with 29% of the
neighborhood mortgages. Almost 23% of the national loans were resold to third
parties that no longer report outcomes. Less than 1% of the neighborhood
mortgages were resold.

"The results are pretty stunning," said Gary McCarthy, a partner in HMC Assets
LLC, a winner of six HUD neighborhood stabilization portfolios with an unpaid
balance of $496 million. "The NSO pools had far superior results." HMC, which
buys loans as Corona Asset Management, has rehabilitated dozens of abandoned
homes in North Las Vegas, Nev., from a portfolio of 217 mortgages purchased this
year, many of which have become rentals for families serving at Nellis Air Force
Base, he said.

HUD plans to auction 15,000 loans with an unpaid balance of $2.3 billion this
month, according to Debt Exchange, which manages the sales. Those are all
national without the neighborhood stabilization requirements.

FHA "would love to be doing more" neighborhood sales "where it makes sense,"
because they have better outcomes for more borrowers, Galante said. That's not
always feasible, because the loans must be in geographically concentrated areas
with a small number of servicers, she said. "It's just having enough in an area
that you get to a reasonable economy of scale," she said.

The FHA insured more than 437,000 seriously delinquent loans as of June 30,
meaning they were at least 90 days late or in foreclosure, according to the
Mortgage Bankers Association. The 91,114 mortgages sold so far averaged 31
months delinquent.

When the FHA announced the neighborhood stabilization program, it pledged to
work with for-profit and nonprofit investors who "have shown great interest in
using this program to help borrowers in their community find affordable
solutions as quickly as possible," Galante said in a 2012 press release.

Nonprofits and community development organizations have won auctions for 1.4% of
the soured debt, mostly in early rounds of the sales. They didn't win any of the
10 neighborhood stabilization pools sold in June with $695 million in debt on
4,224 homes.

"This market has become uber competitive," said Wayne Meyer, president of New
Jersey Community Capital, a not-for-profit community-development financial firm,
which won two auctions in 2012 and none since.

Even small deals were awarded to for-profit buyers. New Jersey Community Capital
lost its bid for 108 loans in Cumberland County, New Jersey, with an unpaid
balance of $16.2 million. Kondaur Capital Corp., a mortgage investor and
servicer affiliated with hedge fund manager Tourmalet Advisors LP, was the
winning bidder on that group as well as pools in Chicago and Detroit this year.
"We lost to Kondaur," Meyer said. "Now we are hoping to find a way we can work
with them."

The properties in Cumberland County, which suffered damage from Hurricane Sandy,
were three to five years delinquent, according to Peter Grof, deputy to the
president at New Jersey Community Capital.

"Foreclosures tend to lead to disinvestment, as other homeowners also face
foreclosure, property values fall, homeowners relocate, and properties become
vacant and community hazards," Grof said in an email. "We would expect that
these conditions would only be amplified when destroyed or substantially
storm-damaged homes are now also found on the same blocks as the many foreclosed
homes."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 15, 2014

Hedge Funds Profit on FHA Loans Sidelining Nonprofits

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 38 No. 50

LENGTH: 1136  words


The Federal Housing Administration started selling distressed loans in 2012 to
help communities hit hard by foreclosures while also reducing losses to its
taxpayer-backed insurance fund.

Two years later, the first reports on the loan sales show the program has
benefited the insurance fund more than the communities, as hedge funds and
private equity-backed investors drive up prices for the loans they buy with few
strings attached.

Firms such as Bayview Asset Management, a portfolio company of Blackstone Group
LP, and billionaire John Grayken's Lone Star Funds have won auctions for almost
half of the $15.8 billion in nonperforming loans sold since 2010 by the FHA,
according to an Aug. 28 report by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. Not-for-profit groups that want to buy the pools of mortgages say
the current system favors financial buyers over those whose primary mission is
aiding borrowers and communities.

"Large pools allow the Lone Stars and Bayviews to marginalize small,
neighborhood-focused bidders," said Sharon Pratt, a former mayor of Washington,
D.C., and chief executive officer of Home Preservation Exchange, a nonprofit
focused on neighborhood stabilization. "The present-day auction system makes it
very difficult for small enterprises to compete and every bit as important -
have an impact on targeted neighborhoods."

Nonperforming loan prices have risen as investors compete to cash in on the
housing recovery by turning the properties into rentals or reselling them with a
markup after repossession. Rising prices for the FHA's delinquent loans helped
cut its insurance fund losses to about 53% of the value of the debt from 63.5%
in 2010, according to the HUD report.

"We think it's doing what it's intended to do," FHA Commissioner Carol Galante
said in an interview. "Which is both get better recoveries for the FHA fund and
at the same time give borrowers and communities additional opportunities to
either stay in their home or have better outcomes than if the loans went through
the foreclosure process."

The government mortgage insurer, which focuses on backing low-down-payment loans
for first-time home buyers, has been under pressure to improve its bottom line
as losses on delinquent house payments depleted its reserves after the housing
bubble burst. Losses of more than $50 billion on mortgages it insured caused the
FHA to take a taxpayer subsidy of $1.7 billion last year, the first in its
80-year history.

About 80% of the FHA mortgages were sold in national pools with few restrictions
on how the debt is resolved. The rest of the nonperforming loans were auctioned
in Neighborhood Stabilization Outcome portfolios, which require winning bidders
to offer modifications and other foreclosure alternatives on at least half of
the loans.

The neighborhood stabilization pools outperformed the national ones by having
more reperforming loans, more resales to new owners and a smaller share of
foreclosures for mortgages resolved through May, according to the HUD report.
Nearly a quarter of the neighborhood loans resumed payments after a modification
while 8.7% of the national mortgages reperformed.

Almost 21% of the neighborhood loans compared with 11.6% of the national ones
ended with short sales, when the loan holder agreed to sell the home for less
than the balance of the debt. Those transactions are less damaging to a
borrower's credit record and keep the house occupied.

About 41% of national loans ended with foreclosures, compared with 29% of the
neighborhood mortgages. Almost 23% of the national loans were resold to third
parties that no longer report outcomes. Less than 1% of the neighborhood
mortgages were resold.

"The results are pretty stunning," said Gary McCarthy, a partner in HMC Assets
LLC, a winner of six HUD neighborhood stabilization portfolios with an unpaid
balance of $496 million. "The NSO pools had far superior results." HMC, which
buys loans as Corona Asset Management, has rehabilitated dozens of abandoned
homes in North Las Vegas, Nev., from a portfolio of 217 mortgages purchased this
year, many of which have become rentals for families serving at Nellis Air Force
Base, he said.

HUD plans to auction 15,000 loans with an unpaid balance of $2.3 billion this
month, according to Debt Exchange, which manages the sales. Those are all
national without the neighborhood stabilization requirements.

FHA "would love to be doing more" neighborhood sales "where it makes sense,"
because they have better outcomes for more borrowers, Galante said. That's not
always feasible, because the loans must be in geographically concentrated areas
with a small number of servicers, she said. "It's just having enough in an area
that you get to a reasonable economy of scale," she said.

The FHA insured more than 437,000 seriously delinquent loans as of June 30,
meaning they were at least 90 days late or in foreclosure, according to the
Mortgage Bankers Association. The 91,114 mortgages sold so far averaged 31
months delinquent.

When the FHA announced the neighborhood stabilization program, it pledged to
work with for-profit and nonprofit investors who "have shown great interest in
using this program to help borrowers in their community find affordable
solutions as quickly as possible," Galante said in a 2012 press release.

Nonprofits and community development organizations have won auctions for 1.4% of
the soured debt, mostly in early rounds of the sales. They didn't win any of the
10 neighborhood stabilization pools sold in June with $695 million in debt on
4,224 homes.

"This market has become uber competitive," said Wayne Meyer, president of New
Jersey Community Capital, a not-for-profit community-development financial firm,
which won two auctions in 2012 and none since.

Even small deals were awarded to for-profit buyers. New Jersey Community Capital
lost its bid for 108 loans in Cumberland County, New Jersey, with an unpaid
balance of $16.2 million. Kondaur Capital Corp., a mortgage investor and
servicer affiliated with hedge fund manager Tourmalet Advisors LP, was the
winning bidder on that group as well as pools in Chicago and Detroit this year.
"We lost to Kondaur," Meyer said. "Now we are hoping to find a way we can work
with them."

The properties in Cumberland County, which suffered damage from Hurricane Sandy,
were three to five years delinquent, according to Peter Grof, deputy to the
president at New Jersey Community Capital.

"Foreclosures tend to lead to disinvestment, as other homeowners also face
foreclosure, property values fall, homeowners relocate, and properties become
vacant and community hazards," Grof said in an email. "We would expect that
these conditions would only be amplified when destroyed or substantially
storm-damaged homes are now also found on the same blocks as the many foreclosed
homes."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 15, 2014

Hedge Funds Profit on FHA Loans Sidelining Nonprofits

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 38 No. 50

LENGTH: 1136  words


The Federal Housing Administration started selling distressed loans in 2012 to
help communities hit hard by foreclosures while also reducing losses to its
taxpayer-backed insurance fund.

Two years later, the first reports on the loan sales show the program has
benefited the insurance fund more than the communities, as hedge funds and
private equity-backed investors drive up prices for the loans they buy with few
strings attached.

Firms such as Bayview Asset Management, a portfolio company of Blackstone Group
LP, and billionaire John Grayken's Lone Star Funds have won auctions for almost
half of the $15.8 billion in nonperforming loans sold since 2010 by the FHA,
according to an Aug. 28 report by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. Not-for-profit groups that want to buy the pools of mortgages say
the current system favors financial buyers over those whose primary mission is
aiding borrowers and communities.

"Large pools allow the Lone Stars and Bayviews to marginalize small,
neighborhood-focused bidders," said Sharon Pratt, a former mayor of Washington,
D.C., and chief executive officer of Home Preservation Exchange, a nonprofit
focused on neighborhood stabilization. "The present-day auction system makes it
very difficult for small enterprises to compete and every bit as important -
have an impact on targeted neighborhoods."

Nonperforming loan prices have risen as investors compete to cash in on the
housing recovery by turning the properties into rentals or reselling them with a
markup after repossession. Rising prices for the FHA's delinquent loans helped
cut its insurance fund losses to about 53% of the value of the debt from 63.5%
in 2010, according to the HUD report.

"We think it's doing what it's intended to do," FHA Commissioner Carol Galante
said in an interview. "Which is both get better recoveries for the FHA fund and
at the same time give borrowers and communities additional opportunities to
either stay in their home or have better outcomes than if the loans went through
the foreclosure process."

The government mortgage insurer, which focuses on backing low-down-payment loans
for first-time home buyers, has been under pressure to improve its bottom line
as losses on delinquent house payments depleted its reserves after the housing
bubble burst. Losses of more than $50 billion on mortgages it insured caused the
FHA to take a taxpayer subsidy of $1.7 billion last year, the first in its
80-year history.

About 80% of the FHA mortgages were sold in national pools with few restrictions
on how the debt is resolved. The rest of the nonperforming loans were auctioned
in Neighborhood Stabilization Outcome portfolios, which require winning bidders
to offer modifications and other foreclosure alternatives on at least half of
the loans.

The neighborhood stabilization pools outperformed the national ones by having
more reperforming loans, more resales to new owners and a smaller share of
foreclosures for mortgages resolved through May, according to the HUD report.
Nearly a quarter of the neighborhood loans resumed payments after a modification
while 8.7% of the national mortgages reperformed.

Almost 21% of the neighborhood loans compared with 11.6% of the national ones
ended with short sales, when the loan holder agreed to sell the home for less
than the balance of the debt. Those transactions are less damaging to a
borrower's credit record and keep the house occupied.

About 41% of national loans ended with foreclosures, compared with 29% of the
neighborhood mortgages. Almost 23% of the national loans were resold to third
parties that no longer report outcomes. Less than 1% of the neighborhood
mortgages were resold.

"The results are pretty stunning," said Gary McCarthy, a partner in HMC Assets
LLC, a winner of six HUD neighborhood stabilization portfolios with an unpaid
balance of $496 million. "The NSO pools had far superior results." HMC, which
buys loans as Corona Asset Management, has rehabilitated dozens of abandoned
homes in North Las Vegas, Nev., from a portfolio of 217 mortgages purchased this
year, many of which have become rentals for families serving at Nellis Air Force
Base, he said.

HUD plans to auction 15,000 loans with an unpaid balance of $2.3 billion this
month, according to Debt Exchange, which manages the sales. Those are all
national without the neighborhood stabilization requirements.

FHA "would love to be doing more" neighborhood sales "where it makes sense,"
because they have better outcomes for more borrowers, Galante said. That's not
always feasible, because the loans must be in geographically concentrated areas
with a small number of servicers, she said. "It's just having enough in an area
that you get to a reasonable economy of scale," she said.

The FHA insured more than 437,000 seriously delinquent loans as of June 30,
meaning they were at least 90 days late or in foreclosure, according to the
Mortgage Bankers Association. The 91,114 mortgages sold so far averaged 31
months delinquent.

When the FHA announced the neighborhood stabilization program, it pledged to
work with for-profit and nonprofit investors who "have shown great interest in
using this program to help borrowers in their community find affordable
solutions as quickly as possible," Galante said in a 2012 press release.

Nonprofits and community development organizations have won auctions for 1.4% of
the soured debt, mostly in early rounds of the sales. They didn't win any of the
10 neighborhood stabilization pools sold in June with $695 million in debt on
4,224 homes.

"This market has become uber competitive," said Wayne Meyer, president of New
Jersey Community Capital, a not-for-profit community-development financial firm,
which won two auctions in 2012 and none since.

Even small deals were awarded to for-profit buyers. New Jersey Community Capital
lost its bid for 108 loans in Cumberland County, New Jersey, with an unpaid
balance of $16.2 million. Kondaur Capital Corp., a mortgage investor and
servicer affiliated with hedge fund manager Tourmalet Advisors LP, was the
winning bidder on that group as well as pools in Chicago and Detroit this year.
"We lost to Kondaur," Meyer said. "Now we are hoping to find a way we can work
with them."

The properties in Cumberland County, which suffered damage from Hurricane Sandy,
were three to five years delinquent, according to Peter Grof, deputy to the
president at New Jersey Community Capital.

"Foreclosures tend to lead to disinvestment, as other homeowners also face
foreclosure, property values fall, homeowners relocate, and properties become
vacant and community hazards," Grof said in an email. "We would expect that
these conditions would only be amplified when destroyed or substantially
storm-damaged homes are now also found on the same blocks as the many foreclosed
homes."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 15, 2014

Hedge Funds Profit on FHA Loans Sidelining Nonprofits

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23 Vol. 38 No. 50

LENGTH: 1136  words


The Federal Housing Administration started selling distressed loans in 2012 to
help communities hit hard by foreclosures while also reducing losses to its
taxpayer-backed insurance fund.

Two years later, the first reports on the loan sales show the program has
benefited the insurance fund more than the communities, as hedge funds and
private equity-backed investors drive up prices for the loans they buy with few
strings attached.

Firms such as Bayview Asset Management, a portfolio company of Blackstone Group
LP, and billionaire John Grayken's Lone Star Funds have won auctions for almost
half of the $15.8 billion in nonperforming loans sold since 2010 by the FHA,
according to an Aug. 28 report by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. Not-for-profit groups that want to buy the pools of mortgages say
the current system favors financial buyers over those whose primary mission is
aiding borrowers and communities.

"Large pools allow the Lone Stars and Bayviews to marginalize small,
neighborhood-focused bidders," said Sharon Pratt, a former mayor of Washington,
D.C., and chief executive officer of Home Preservation Exchange, a nonprofit
focused on neighborhood stabilization. "The present-day auction system makes it
very difficult for small enterprises to compete and every bit as important -
have an impact on targeted neighborhoods."

Nonperforming loan prices have risen as investors compete to cash in on the
housing recovery by turning the properties into rentals or reselling them with a
markup after repossession. Rising prices for the FHA's delinquent loans helped
cut its insurance fund losses to about 53% of the value of the debt from 63.5%
in 2010, according to the HUD report.

"We think it's doing what it's intended to do," FHA Commissioner Carol Galante
said in an interview. "Which is both get better recoveries for the FHA fund and
at the same time give borrowers and communities additional opportunities to
either stay in their home or have better outcomes than if the loans went through
the foreclosure process."

The government mortgage insurer, which focuses on backing low-down-payment loans
for first-time home buyers, has been under pressure to improve its bottom line
as losses on delinquent house payments depleted its reserves after the housing
bubble burst. Losses of more than $50 billion on mortgages it insured caused the
FHA to take a taxpayer subsidy of $1.7 billion last year, the first in its
80-year history.

About 80% of the FHA mortgages were sold in national pools with few restrictions
on how the debt is resolved. The rest of the nonperforming loans were auctioned
in Neighborhood Stabilization Outcome portfolios, which require winning bidders
to offer modifications and other foreclosure alternatives on at least half of
the loans.

The neighborhood stabilization pools outperformed the national ones by having
more reperforming loans, more resales to new owners and a smaller share of
foreclosures for mortgages resolved through May, according to the HUD report.
Nearly a quarter of the neighborhood loans resumed payments after a modification
while 8.7% of the national mortgages reperformed.

Almost 21% of the neighborhood loans compared with 11.6% of the national ones
ended with short sales, when the loan holder agreed to sell the home for less
than the balance of the debt. Those transactions are less damaging to a
borrower's credit record and keep the house occupied.

About 41% of national loans ended with foreclosures, compared with 29% of the
neighborhood mortgages. Almost 23% of the national loans were resold to third
parties that no longer report outcomes. Less than 1% of the neighborhood
mortgages were resold.

"The results are pretty stunning," said Gary McCarthy, a partner in HMC Assets
LLC, a winner of six HUD neighborhood stabilization portfolios with an unpaid
balance of $496 million. "The NSO pools had far superior results." HMC, which
buys loans as Corona Asset Management, has rehabilitated dozens of abandoned
homes in North Las Vegas, Nev., from a portfolio of 217 mortgages purchased this
year, many of which have become rentals for families serving at Nellis Air Force
Base, he said.

HUD plans to auction 15,000 loans with an unpaid balance of $2.3 billion this
month, according to Debt Exchange, which manages the sales. Those are all
national without the neighborhood stabilization requirements.

FHA "would love to be doing more" neighborhood sales "where it makes sense,"
because they have better outcomes for more borrowers, Galante said. That's not
always feasible, because the loans must be in geographically concentrated areas
with a small number of servicers, she said. "It's just having enough in an area
that you get to a reasonable economy of scale," she said.

The FHA insured more than 437,000 seriously delinquent loans as of June 30,
meaning they were at least 90 days late or in foreclosure, according to the
Mortgage Bankers Association. The 91,114 mortgages sold so far averaged 31
months delinquent.

When the FHA announced the neighborhood stabilization program, it pledged to
work with for-profit and nonprofit investors who "have shown great interest in
using this program to help borrowers in their community find affordable
solutions as quickly as possible," Galante said in a 2012 press release.

Nonprofits and community development organizations have won auctions for 1.4% of
the soured debt, mostly in early rounds of the sales. They didn't win any of the
10 neighborhood stabilization pools sold in June with $695 million in debt on
4,224 homes.

"This market has become uber competitive," said Wayne Meyer, president of New
Jersey Community Capital, a not-for-profit community-development financial firm,
which won two auctions in 2012 and none since.

Even small deals were awarded to for-profit buyers. New Jersey Community Capital
lost its bid for 108 loans in Cumberland County, New Jersey, with an unpaid
balance of $16.2 million. Kondaur Capital Corp., a mortgage investor and
servicer affiliated with hedge fund manager Tourmalet Advisors LP, was the
winning bidder on that group as well as pools in Chicago and Detroit this year.
"We lost to Kondaur," Meyer said. "Now we are hoping to find a way we can work
with them."

The properties in Cumberland County, which suffered damage from Hurricane Sandy,
were three to five years delinquent, according to Peter Grof, deputy to the
president at New Jersey Community Capital.

"Foreclosures tend to lead to disinvestment, as other homeowners also face
foreclosure, property values fall, homeowners relocate, and properties become
vacant and community hazards," Grof said in an email. "We would expect that
these conditions would only be amplified when destroyed or substantially
storm-damaged homes are now also found on the same blocks as the many foreclosed
homes."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

W.N.B.A. Hopes Griner Can Change Perceptions, As Well as Game Itself

BYLINE: By JERÉ LONGMAN

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1543 words


Forget for a moment whether Brittney Griner has the skill to play in the N.B.A.
There are more urgent and relevant questions. One is whether she will thrive as
a primary face of the W.N.B.A.'s campaign to rebrand itself in its 17th season,
beginning with its first prime-time draft Monday.

Another question is whether Griner will become as transformative off the court
as she has been on the court.

Even before she plays her first game, her influence has been significant. A
decade ago, W.N.B.A. officials might have been reluctant to celebrate as a
standard-bearer of the league someone who did not conform to conventional
standards of femininity, said Mary Jo Kane, the director of the Tucker Center
for Research on Girls and Women in Sport at the University of Minnesota.

''You cannot ignore her athleticism, and the W.N.B.A. has not tried to isolate
or marginalize Griner,'' Kane said.

''That is a rather remarkable and fundamental shift.''

To be determined, Kane said, is whether Griner and her towering skill and
engaging personality will defy the odds and attract corporate sponsors as part
of widespread public acceptance four decades after passage of the gender-equity
legislation known as Title IX.

It is rare for female athletes to receive endorsements, especially in team
sports, and particularly among those who do not play up their feminine side, yet
significant shifts are occurring in the appreciation of women, Kane said.

''That's the $64,000 question,'' Kane said. ''Tiger Woods just said, 'Winning
takes care of everything.' We're about to see with Brittney Griner.''

The 6-foot-8 Griner is expected to be the No. 1 overall draft pick by the
Phoenix Mercury. She has become a focal point of a league that has a new logo,
an extended television deal with ESPN and an orchestrated drive to promote three
highly visible rookies: Griner of Baylor, Skylar Diggins of Notre Dame and Elena
Delle Donne of Delaware.

Although the W.N.B.A. and Griner's agent declined to discuss specific marketing
campaigns and endorsement possibilities, Lindsay Kagawa Colas, her agent, wrote
in an e-mail: ''It's the age of innovation, of advocacy, and 'authentic' is what
sells. And here comes Brittney, equal parts provocative, brave, playful and
humble, a skater kid in a basketball player's body who is true to herself and
dressed in tomboy clothes. She's radical in the most charming and relevant way
because she embraces what makes her different.''

Griner, 22, sometimes appears shy or reserved at news conferences, but she can
be funny and endearingly goofy when she lets her guard down. She rides a
longboard, eats bacon at pregame meals for good luck and surely is among the
world's most accomplished shot-blocking kayakers.

''I'm up for the challenge,'' Griner said of being central to the league's
rebranding effort. ''I changed stuff in college basketball, I guess you could
say, so I'm up for it. I never shy from anything. Whatever's thrown at me, I'm
ready for it.''

The W.N.B.A. has far outlived other women's basketball leagues in the United
States. It remains the gold standard internationally. The level of play and
coaching has never been higher. Yet it remains a summer league whose players
spend the rest of the year with professional club teams in places like Russia,
Turkey and China.

Television viewership has dropped considerably since the league's inception in
1997. And, after drawing more than 10,000 spectators a game in two of its first
three seasons, the W.N.B.A. hit an average attendance low last year of 7,457,
which league officials attributed largely to a struggling economy and a shutdown
during the London Olympics.

Laurel Richie, the president of the W.N.B.A., said she thought it was time to
reassess everything about the league.

''I think we're going to look back at 2013, 10 to 20 years from now, and say it
was a really important year in the history of the W.N.B.A.,'' she said.

The league replaced its logo, a design that resembled the N.B.A. emblem of a
player dribbling the ball. Jerry West with a bob, some called it dismissively.
The new W.N.B.A. logo depicts a player driving to the basket and is meant to
reflect the league's ethnic diversity and athleticism.

The campaign to spotlight Griner, Diggins and Delle Donne is a continuation of
ESPN's ''3 to See'' promotion during the recent college season. It suggests a
realization that women's basketball must provide a united front to succeed.

''It seems they're beginning to figure out a triumvirate of relationships needed
for a 24-hour, 12-month season for women's basketball,'' said Helen Wheelock,
who operates the Women's Hoops Blog. ''That means there has to be a conscious
connection between the N.C.A.A., ESPN and the W.N.B.A. It has not been a really
successful partnership. It's been push-pull.''

The league's contract extension with ESPN -- worth $12 million a year, or $1
million a team -- runs through the 2022 season. The network is satisfied with
the league's following, said John Skipper, ESPN's president, although broadcasts
reached a low of 262,000 viewers a game in 2012.

One W.N.B.A. challenge, Skipper said, is fending off unrealistic expectations.
It took the N.B.A. 15 seasons to average 10,000 fans, officials said. And as
recently as 1981, more than three decades into the league's existence, the
N.B.A. finals were broadcast on tape delay.

Of the W.N.B.A. he said, ''If you drew it up 15 years ago and said, 'Here's
where you'd be,' if you were reasonable, you'd go, 'It's doing fine.' ''

For viewership and attendance to grow at a desired level, though, Skipper said
the league must enhance its marketing efforts and, most important, ''They've got
to have some players who people really care about.''

That is why Griner becomes so important. Perhaps no other player has entered the
W.N.B.A. with such visibility. At Baylor, Griner probably had the greatest
impact of any player in the women's game, setting an N.C.A.A. record for blocked
shots, finishing second on the career scoring list and making the highlight
shows with her dunks. In the 2012-13 season, opponents averaged 3,642 more fans
for their home games against Baylor.

The W.N.B.A. and ESPN are hoping that Griner will create similar buzz as a pro.
Beginning Memorial Day, Phoenix is scheduled to appear in 6 of the 14
regular-season games carried by ESPN and ABC. Plans are being explored
leaguewide for innovations like cameras worn by referees, lower camera angles
and increased viewer access to practices and locker rooms.

Since her emergence in high school in Houston, Griner has stimulated widespread
discussion about precepts concerning female athletes: Could women, as Mark
Cuban, the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, recently suggested, play in the
N.B.A.? Could women be appreciated as athletes and help redefine beauty? And,
when Griner punched another player as a freshman at Baylor, she even raised
questions about whether women's sports were growing more violent.

''Brittney is an interesting conversation for people to have,'' said Dawn
Trudeau, a co-owner of the Seattle Storm.

Griner turns pro at a time when the W.N.B.A., with 6 of 12 teams independently
owned, is distancing itself somewhat from the N.B.A. and comparisons to men's
basketball. The league appears increasingly comfortable with its diverse fan
base, described by Richie, the league president, as followers who ''have a love
of basketball and very progressive views on gender roles in society.''

It seems likely that in the W.N.BA., Griner will largely avoid the taunting and
homophobic slurs she faced in college, sometimes mercilessly, about her somewhat
androgynous appearance and deep voice. She plans to use her platform as a pro to
advocate against bullying.

Although some people will remain negative toward female athletes, Trudeau said,
''People who watch the sport and watch Brittney are excited for what she can do;
I don't think they are put off by how she looks or anything like that.''

In pure basketball terms, the pro game will require some adjustment for Griner.
The teams are relatively evenly matched, and victory or defeat can rest on a
possession or two; Baylor frequently prevailed in blowouts. Play is also much
more physical in the W.N.B.A.; although Griner has developed a poised demeanor
since the punching episode, jostling seemed to bother her in Baylor's recent
N.C.A.A. tournament loss to Louisville.

''Her coach went off, saying it was too physical for her,'' said Bill Laimbeer,
the coach and general manager of the Liberty. ''But that's an everyday
occurrence in the W.N.B.A.''

This season, Griner and other centers should have more space to maneuver. The
3-point line will be extended to 22 feet 1 ¾ inches from 20-6 ¼. And a technical
foul will be assessed if a defender spends more than three seconds in the lane
without actively guarding an offensive player.

''No more two and three people and the whole team sitting around Brittney,''
Griner said with a laugh.

What happens off the court will also be telling, said Kane, the Minnesota
professor. Will Griner receive any endorsements?

''I will be cautiously optimistic she will break through that barrier in terms
of corporate sponsorship,'' Kane said of Griner. ''But I think the odds are very
long. If it happens, it would be groundbreaking.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/14/sports/basketball/brittney-griner-could-be-a-g
ame-changer-for-the-wnba.html

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The 6-8 Brittney Griner is expected to be taken No. 1 over all
by Phoenix in Monday's W.N.B.A.  draft, the first in prime time. Skylar Diggins
and Elena Delle Donne will also be key draftees. (PHOTOGRAPH BY GERALD
HERBERT/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 22, 2008 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BRAZEN BUSH;
WITH THE AUTO EMERGENCY BAILOUT, HE ONCE AGAIN MARGINALIZES CONGRESS

BYLINE: GEORGE F. WILL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 791 words


WASHINGTON - A new Capitol Visitor Center recently opened, just in time for the
transformation of the Capitol building into a tomb for the antiquated idea that
the legislative branch matters. The center is supposed to enhance the experience
of visitors to Congress, although why there are visitors is a mystery.

Congress' marginalization was brutally underscored when, after Congress did not
authorize $14 billion for General Motors and Chrysler, the executive branch
said, in effect: Congress' opinions are mildly interesting, so we will listen
very nicely -- then go out and do precisely what we want.

Friday the president gave the two automakers access to money Congress explicitly
did not authorize. More money -- up to $17.4 billion -- than had been debated,
thereby calling to mind Winston Churchill on naval appropriations: "The
Admiralty had demanded six ships: the economists offered four: and we finally
compromised on eight."

The president is dispensing money from the $700 billion Congress provided for
the Troubled Asset Relief Program. The unfounded assertion of a right to do this
is notably brazen, given the indisputable fact that if Congress had known that
TARP -- supposedly a measure for scouring "toxic" assets from financial
institutions -- was to become an instrument for unconstrained industrial policy,
it would not have been passed.

If TARP funds can be put to any use the executive branch fancies because TARP
actually is a blank check for that branch, then the only reason no rules are
being broken is that there are no rules. This lawlessness tarted up as law
explains the charade of Vice President Dick Cheney warning Republican senators
that if they did not authorize the $14 billion, the GOP would again be regarded
as the party of Herbert Hoover.

Surely Mr. Cheney, a disparager of Congress and advocate of extravagant
executive prerogatives, knew that the president considered the Senate's consent
irrelevant.

Evidence that casualness about legality is inherent in big government is found
in H.W. Brands' new biography "A Traitor to His Class: The Privileged Life and
Radical Presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt." FDR became president on
Saturday, March 4, 1933. Banks were closed that day and the next, temporarily
preventing panicked depositors from withdrawing their money. At 1 a.m. Monday,
FDR ordered all banks closed for four days, hoping that the fever would break.
His act may have been prudent. But was it legal?

Mr. Brands writes: "He cited a section of the 1917 Trading with the Enemy Act as
justification. The act had never been formally repealed, but a body of legal
theory held that the law, along with other wartime legislation, had expired upon
the signing of the peace treaty with Germany in 1921."

FDR had asked the opinion of his as-yet-unconfirmed attorney general, Montana
Sen. Thomas Walsh, who gave the answer FDR wanted. Walsh never had to defend
this: He died March 2 en route to the inauguration.

The expansion of government entails an increasingly swollen executive branch and
the steady enlargement of executive discretion. This inevitably means the
eclipse of Congress and attenuation of the rule of law.

For decades, imperatives of wars hot and cold, and the sprawl of the regulatory
state, have enlarged the executive branch at the expense of the legislative. For
eight years, the Bush administration's "presidentialists" have aggressively
wielded the concept of the "unitary executive" -- the theory that where the
Constitution vests power in the executive, especially power over foreign affairs
and war, the president is immune to legislative abridgements of his autonomy.

The administration has not, however, confined its aggrandizement of executive
power to national security matters. According to former Rep. Mickey Edwards in
his book "Reclaiming Conservatism," the president has issued "signing
statements" designating 1,100 provisions of new laws -- more designations than
have been made by all prior presidents combined -- that he did not consider
binding on him or any other executive branch official.

Still, most of the administration's executive truculence has pertained to
national security, where the case for broad prerogatives, although not as
powerful as the administration supposes, is at least arguable. With the
automakers, however, executive branch overreaching now extends to the essence of
domestic policy -- spending -- and traduces a core constitutional principle, the
separation of powers.

Most members of the House and Senate want the automakers to get the money, so
they probably are pleased that the administration has disregarded Congress'
institutional dignity. History, however, teaches that it is difficult for
Congress to be only intermittently invertebrate.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: George F. Will is a syndicated columnist for The Washington Post
(georgewill@washpost.com).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 6, 2007 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Working outside our comfort zone increases quality of life

BYLINE: By Terrence Freeman

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 693 words


St. Louis is a diverse community that sometimes fractures along city-county,
north-south, east-west and white-black-immigrant fault lines. The mere mention
of "diversity" generates reactions ranging from unwavering support to outright
dismissal.

Disagreements often stem from suspicions of hidden agendas or ulterior motives.
Some see "diversity" as a code word for "affirmative action." Others regard it
as a kind of political correctness that encroaches on freedom. Indeed, advocates
of diversity sometimes devote too much energy to compiling lists of terms and
behaviors that should be forbidden so that no person or group ever is offended
by them. Such a definitive list is, of course, non-existent.

Although we should not pretend that words cannot hurt, demean or marginalize
others, what truly matters in a rapidly changing, demographically diverse
environment is how we build and sustain cooperative and productive communities
and organizations.

Demographic studies continue to chart the societal shifts: Millions of
immigrants have come to the United States in recent decades, and many thousands
have settled in St. Louis. There is no typical profile. Along with undereducated
immigrants, there also has been a net "brain gain." Writers, artists and the
world's scientific elite are contributing to making the United States a
technological and cultural capital of the world.

America's non-immigrant profile is likewise diverse:

Nonwhites now make up 30 percent of the U.S. population; projections by the U.S.
Census indicate that the percentage will increase to 50 percent by 2050. Race
relations will continue to be a major challenge throughout the 21st century, and
issues of class will add to the complexity.

The fastest growing age segment of the population is the one 85 years old and
up; only 25 percent of that group is healthy enough to live alone without
difficulty. By 2030, one-third of the U.S. population will be older than 65.

The "sandwich generation" is being forced to choose between nursing home fees
for parents and college tuition for children. The proportion of two-income
families has doubled since 1960. More women have entered the work force, many of
them mothers. Increasing family-work conflicts result in lower productivity -
along with higher employee turnover, stress and distraction. And approximately
half of all children in single-parent families live in poverty.

In the midst of all this change, we are challenged collectively to better
communicate and cooperate across the demographic barriers. All too often, we
view each other through culturally tinted lenses and see caricature and
stereotype, instead of unique blends of culture, personality and experience.

No group is monolithic. Because our cross-cultural vision often is impaired, we
end up discriminating personally and systematically, sometimes even without
conscious animosity. This makes us even more uncomfortable when our actions or
omissions are challenged.

Developing a multicultural perspective requires us to critically examine
patterns of behavior and biases we've learned and internalized. As we meet and
interact with people from many cultural backgrounds, we will have to acknowledge
and respect our different perspectives and practices in order to achieve our
common goals.

The truth is, many cultural differences just push us outside our respective
comfort zones. Finding common ground on which to stand and from which to work
will increase the quality of our lives dramatically.

It's not just a matter of age, gender, race, ethnicity or sexual orientation;
it's the untapped reserves of creativity, innovation and accomplishment to be
found in all segments of society. The strength of our country and our region
ultimately rests on how well we can respect each other's varied backgrounds as
we go about the task of forging our separate pasts into a unified future.

---

Terrence Freeman of Spanish Lake is an engineering professor at St. Louis
Community College. A national program director for 100 Black Men of America,
Freeman has served as a consultant and volunteer for churches, community
organizations, schools, industry and law enforcement agencies.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Our local contributors OTHER VIEWS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; GRAPHIC
 PHOTO - Terrence Freeman  GRAPHIC - (Black and White Hands ready for a
handshake) Dean Rohrer | Newsart

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 7, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

NEWS SUMMARY

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 911 words


INTERNATIONAL   A3-18

Israeli Leader Presses U.S. To Marginalize Arafat
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, in talks with top Bush administration officials in
Washington, outlined a vision for the next phase in Middle East peacemaking that
he said should bypass Yasir Arafat and offer only interim steps toward a
Palestinian state. King Abdullah II of Jordan and the Saudi foreign minister,
who are also in Washington, sought backing for Mr. Arafat in meetings with
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.   A1


The release of more than 100 people from the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem
was delayed by snags.   A18

Dutch Candidate Is Slain
Pim Fortuyn, a right-wing politician with aspirations of becoming prime
minister, was shot to death. The police said a suspect had confessed, but they
offered no motive.   A1

New French Prime Minister
President Jacques Chirac chose Jean-Pierre Raffarin, a little-known center-right
junior minister, after Prime Minister Lionel Jospin, a Socialist, submitted his
resignation.   A16

Cuba Accused of Germ Research
The Bush administration accused Cuba of producing small quantities of germs that
could be used in biological warfare and said Libya and Syria were also violating
treaties by making unconventional weapons.   A6

Indonesia Arrests Militant
The government arrested a prominent Islamic militant, Jaffar Umar Thalib, the
leader of the paramilitary group Laskar Jihad, on charges of inciting Muslims to
attack Christians, the first such arrest in Indonesia since the United States
declared its war on terror.   A7

Burmese Rights Leader Freed
Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, the leader of the pro-democracy movement in Myanmar, was
freed after 19 months of house arrest.   A3

World Briefing   A14

NATIONAL   A20-28

Anthrax Got More Potent With Each Letter Sent
Federal investigators have discovered that the anthrax sent through the mail, in
general grew more potent from one letter to the next, with the deadliest spores
in the final letter, to Senator Patrick J. Leahy.   A1

More Pipe Bombs Discovered
Two pipe bombs were found in mailboxes in Nebraska and Colorado, bringing to 17
the total of bombs that have been found since Friday.   A22

Rumsfeld Cuts Howitzer System
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld has decided to cancel the Army's $11
billion Crusader artillery system, a weapons program that has influential
supporters in Congress.   A1

Cardinal Ordered to Testify
A judge told Boston's archbishop, Cardinal Bernard F. Law, to give a deposition
tomorrow in the case of 86 people who say the pedophile priest John J. Geoghan
abused them.   A20

Dispute Over F.B.I. Turncoat
A feud has erupted among counterintelligence officials over whether the former
F.B.I. agent Robert P. Hanssen told the whole truth about his spying for Moscow.
A25

Judge Says Agency Lied
The juvenile court judge in Miami assigned to oversee the case of a missing
5-year-old girl, Rilya Wilson, criticized the Florida Department of Children and
Families in a hearing and said the agency had misled the court about the girl's
welfare.   A24

EDUCATION

A Medical Tradition Challenged
A class-action lawsuit citing antitrust law is to be filed in Washington today
challenging a program that assigns medical school graduates to teaching
hospitals as residents who often make less than $40,000 a year and work 100-hour
weeks.   A1

NEW YORK/REGION   B1-7

Judge Orders Raise For Lawyers Who Aid Poor
A state judge issued an order more than doubling the hourly rate, to $90, paid
to private lawyers assigned to represent the poor in city courts. The judge, as
well as the lawyers, who are known as assigned counselors, said the current
scale jeopardized the right of indigent clients to have effective legal
representation.   B1

Suspect Strolls to Freedom
A suspect in 16 sexual attacks walked out of a police interrogation room in the
Bronx, the latest in a series of prisoner escapes in the city.   B1

Skakel Trial to Open
Opening arguments begin today in the murder trial of Michael C. Skakel, 41, who
is accused of killing a 15-year-old neighbor, Martha Moxley, in Greenwich,
Conn., in 1975.   B1

OBITUARIES   A29

FASHION   B8

ARTS   E1-12

'Millie' Leads Tony Nominees
"Thoroughly Modern Millie" was nominated in 11 categories.   E1

SPORTS   D1-7

SCIENCE TIMES   F1-8

Einstein Files Opened Wider
New details are emerging about F.B.I. surveillance of the scientist as a result
of an author's suit to obtain material withheld from previous releases of
government files.   F1

Health & Fitness   F5

BUSINESS DAY   C1-18

Enron's Price Practices
Electricity traders at Enron drove up prices during the California power crisis
with questionable techniques that company lawyers said "may have contributed" to
severe power shortages, documents show.   A1

Analysts' Missing E-Mails
Some Wall Street firms are said to have told securities regulators investigating
possible conflicts of interest among stock analysts that they have not retained
e-mail messages as required by law.   C1

Andersen to Pay $217 Million
Arthur Andersen reached a new settlement calling for it to pay $217 million to
compensate investors in a fraudulent charity, the Arizona Baptist Foundation,
whose financial statements Andersen had certified.   C1

Business Digest   C1

World Business   W1

EDITORIAL   A30-31

Editorials: How the towers collapsed; ending repression in Myanmar; Christie
Whitman holds her ground; Spider-Man's summer comes early.
Columns: Paul Krugman, Nicholas D. Kristof.

Crossword   E10
TV Listings   E11
Public Lives   B2
Weather   D8

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Summary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                               May 4, 2012 Friday
                                National Edition

Sizing up the erratic NBA playoffs; Two series have delivered, the rest lacking

BYLINE: Eric Koreen, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Eric Koreen; Pg. S4

LENGTH: 752 words


The NCAA men's basketball tournament and the NHL playoffs both burn brightest at
the beginning. There are more upsets at the start of those events, and there are
more equalizing factors present - a hot threepoint shooter or a hot goalie, as
the case may be.

In the NBA, teams need to find their competitive level. That usually does not
happen until at least the second round, and sometimes not until the conference
finals. In the first week of the playoffs, two Western Conference series have
been breathtaking. As for the rest? It has been a definite mixed bag.

? Chicago vs. Philadelphia Series: Tied 1-1 Next: Game 3 in Philadelphia,
Friday, 8 p.m.

The flaw: Once Derrick Rose went down with an ACL tear, this series lost its
gravitas. If Philadelphia pulls off the upset, beating a top seed without its
best player will marginalize it. If the Bulls win, they figure to be
second-round patsies - unless the Hawks beat the Celtics, because the Hawks
always find ways to disappoint.

Entertainment grade: D

? Miami vs. New York Series: Miami leads 2-0 Next: Game 3 in New York on
Thursday; Game 4 in New York, Sunday, 3: 30 p.m.

The flaw: Injuries have ravaged the Knicks. Jeremy Lin is unlikely to play in
the series, Iman Shumpert definitely will not play in the series and Amar'e
Stoudemire missed Game 3 after lacerating his hand smashing the glass casing
surrounding a fire extinguisher. (If there was video of that, we would be higher
on this series). However, a series that features the transition play of LeBron
James and Dwyane Wade can only be so boring. It is just not very competitive.

Entertainment grade: C+

? Indiana vs. Orlando Series: Indiana leads 2-1 Next: Game 4 in Orlando,
Saturday, 2 p.m.

The flaw: Let's not even try to be nice about this one: Nobody cares about this
series. Two smaller markets playing without a single superstar, as Dwight Howard
is missing because of a back injury. The Pacers' no-star formula will be a lot
more interesting when contrasted by the Heat. For now, it is a bore. Even if
there were several overtime games, this series would be firmly in the
background.

Entertainment grade: F

? Boston vs. Atlanta Series: Tied 1-1 Next: Game 3 in Boston, Friday, 7: 30 p.m.

The flaw: With everyone healthy, this would be an interesting series. But Boston
has been without Ray Allen, who has a sore ankle (he could return in Game 3) and
Rajon Rondo, who was suspended for Game 2. Atlanta is without Al Horford and
likely Josh Smith for Game 3. Some memorable performances - Smith's 22 points
and 18 rebounds in Game 1, Paul Pierce's 36 points plus some light Tebowing in
Game 2 - have made the series stand out, if only a bit.

Entertainment grade: B-

? San Antonio vs. Utah Series: San Antonio leads 2-0 Next: Game 3 in Utah,
Friday, 10 p.m.

The flaw: Well, the games have not been close. There is that. It was easy to
expect a little more from the Western Conference, in which the playoff teams
seemed more evenly matched. But the Jazz are getting thoroughly blown out. The
exploits of Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili have been fun, though.

Entertainment grade: C-

? Dallas vs. Oklahoma City Series: Oklahoma City leads 2-0

Next: Game 3 in Dallas on Thursday; Game 4 in Dallas, Saturday, 7: 30 p.m.

The flaw: Well, it would be nice if Dallas had a few more playmakers down the
stretch of tight games. Beyond that, this has been the most consistently
entertaining series. Four phenomenal scorers - Kevin Durant, Russell Westbrook,
James Harden and Dirk Nowitzki - have upped the shot-making quotient
significantly.

Entertainment grade: A-

? L.A. Lakers vs. Denver Series: Lakers lead 2-0 Next: Game 3 in Denver, Friday,
10: 30 p.m.

The flaw: If the Nuggets were playing their type of basketball - including an
up-anddown frenetic pace - it would be fascinating to see the older Lakers try
to adapt to that. Denver has not had much luck doing that, though. Andrew Bynum
and Kobe Bryant have been dominant and exhilarating, respectively. If Denver can
get running at home, this could still be a series.

Entertainment grade: B-

? Memphis vs. L.A. Clippers Series: Tied 1-1 Next: Game 3 in Los Angeles,
Saturday, 4: 30 p.m.

The flaw: We're still waiting for Blake Griffin to throw down on Marc Gasol.
Other than that, this series has provided the Clippers' 27-point comeback in
Game 1 and the Grizzlies' very professional response in Game 2. Pairing the
Clippers' flash and the Grizzlies' grime continues to make for a fascinating
contrast.

Entertainment grade: B+

ekoreen@nationalpost.com twitter.com/ekoreen

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Rep. Chu Expresses Outrage over Bill O'Reilly's Segment on Asian
American Voters

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Judy Chu has issued the following news release:



 On Monday, Fox News' 'The O'Reilly Factor" aired a segment by Jesse Watters who
visited New York City's Chinatown neighborhood to interview Chinese American
voters on the presidential election.  The segment repeatedly made Asian
Americans the butt of the joke and drew widespread criticism.  Rep. Judy Chu
(CA-27), Chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC),
released the following statement:





 "This segment openly objectifies and ridicules Asian Americans. From the very
start of the segment, beginning with the stereotypical music to Watters' first
question asking two women if he was 'supposed to bow to say hello,' it was clear
the intention was to mock the Asian American community.  We see over four
minutes of Asian stereotypes, and multiple clips of individuals who are made fun
of just for being Asian.



 "As the fastest growing racial population in the United States and an
increasingly influential voting bloc, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders
deserve better coverage than being the butt of a joke. This segment was an
opportunity to create greater understanding, but instead, it marginalizes Asian
Americans. I call on Fox News to stop such racially insensitive coverage from
being aired on their network in the future."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Rep. Chu Expresses Outrage over Bill O'Reilly's Segment on Asian
American Voters

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Judy Chu has issued the following news release:



 On Monday, Fox News' 'The O'Reilly Factor" aired a segment by Jesse Watters who
visited New York City's Chinatown neighborhood to interview Chinese American
voters on the presidential election.  The segment repeatedly made Asian
Americans the butt of the joke and drew widespread criticism.  Rep. Judy Chu
(CA-27), Chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC),
released the following statement:





 "This segment openly objectifies and ridicules Asian Americans. From the very
start of the segment, beginning with the stereotypical music to Watters' first
question asking two women if he was 'supposed to bow to say hello,' it was clear
the intention was to mock the Asian American community.  We see over four
minutes of Asian stereotypes, and multiple clips of individuals who are made fun
of just for being Asian.



 "As the fastest growing racial population in the United States and an
increasingly influential voting bloc, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders
deserve better coverage than being the butt of a joke. This segment was an
opportunity to create greater understanding, but instead, it marginalizes Asian
Americans. I call on Fox News to stop such racially insensitive coverage from
being aired on their network in the future."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Jim Wright, House Speaker Who Resigned Amid Ethics Charges, Dies at 92

BYLINE: By ADAM CLYMER; Daniel E. Slotnik contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1816 words


Jim Wright, a driven Texas Democrat who rose to the pinnacle of congressional
power before ethics charges forced his resignation as speaker of the House in
1989, died on Wednesday in Fort Worth. He was 92.

The Thompson's Harveson & Cole funeral home in Fort Worth confirmed his death,
at a nursing home.

While his resignation was prompted by a yearlong ethics investigation, much of
the enmity against Mr. Wright derived from the way he ran the House and saw his
role as speaker.

Republicans attacked him for encouraging peace negotiations in Nicaragua,
accusing him of seizing authority that properly belonged to President Ronald
Reagan. They were also furious over the parliamentary tactics he used to
marginalize them on the way to passing a heavy load of legislation in 1987 and
1988.

The main ethics charges against Mr. Wright were that he had improperly accepted
$145,000 in gifts from a Fort Worth developer, George Mallick, through a company
that they owned together, and that the royalties he received for a slim book he
wrote, ''Reflections of a Public Man,'' were actually a dodge to evade rules
limiting gifts and speaking fees. The House Ethics Committee was preparing to
decide whether he was guilty or not when he resigned.

Mr. Wright insisted into retirement that Mr. Mallick had no personal interest in
any particular legislation, which would have made any gifts to the speaker
questionable, and that in any case he and his wife had not received gifts but
rather compensation for work performed for the development company. As for the
book, he insisted that House ethics rules specifically exempted all copyright
royalties from congressional limits on outside income.

When he announced his resignation, on May 31, 1989, Mr. Wright said he hoped his
departure would heal the partisan rancor of the House.

''All of us in both political parties must resolve to bring this period of
mindless cannibalism to an end,'' he said.

But his resignation did nothing to avert a new era of ferocious partisanship in
the House. Leaders in both parties were brought down by ethics charges, the
so-called permanent campaign by members of Congress made cooperation between
Republicans and Democrats nearly impossible, and House voting reached historic
levels of partisan polarization.

Beyond the specifics of the ethics charges, it was clear that Mr. Wright's
bullish style of leadership in his two and half years as speaker was a crucial
factor in his downfall, not only in the opposition efforts spearheaded by
Representative Newt Gingrich of Georgia, but also in the ultimate unwillingness
of some Democrats to fight for him.

His effectiveness was one cause of Republican criticism. Mr. Gingrich repeatedly
accused him of ethical lapses, but Mr. Gingrich also told John M. Barry, author
of the 1989 book ''The Ambition and the Power'': ''If he survives this ethics
thing, he may become the greatest speaker since Henry Clay.''

Mr. Wright's aggressiveness made some Democrats restive. In the very active
100th Congress, he got many major bills passed -- on welfare, the environment,
highways, taxes and more -- but to do so he had to force members to cast tough
votes.

''In essence, Wright wanted to govern the country from the House,'' Mr. Barry
wrote in his book. ''That required overawing the Senate and confronting and
defeating the White House.''

No effort by Mr. Wright matched that description as well as his drive to sponsor
peace talks in Nicaragua between its leftist Sandinista government and the
contras, who were seeking to overthrow it in a guerrilla war aided by the Reagan
administration.

Reagan initially invited Mr. Wright to help draft a peace plan as congressional
opposition to aid to the contras intensified in 1987. He agreed, and they issued
a joint statement.

But when Mr. Wright discussed concrete proposals with Daniel Ortega, the
president of Nicaragua, whom the administration distrusted and would not meet,
Reagan aides accused him of trying to usurp the role of the executive branch and
conduct his own foreign policy. In his diary, Reagan himself dismissed Mr.
Wright's efforts as ''monkeyshines.'' Mr. Wright argued that many in the Reagan
administration did not want peace talks for fear they might succeed and stop any
further congressional financing of the contras.

A peace agreement in Nicaragua was reached after both Mr. Wright and Reagan left
office in 1989, with George Bush succeeding the president and Thomas S. Foley
succeeding Mr. Wright as speaker. In an election the next year, a contra
candidate defeated Mr. Ortega, and the new secretary of state, James A. Baker
III, congratulated Mr. Wright. ''But for you there would have been no bipartisan
accord,'' he wrote, ''without which there would have been no election.''

Mr. Wright in 2007, in an interview for this obituary, called his role in
defusing the Nicaraguan conflict the ''major accomplishment'' of his career --
''the fact that I was able to help bring about peace in Central America after a
decade of war.''

That assessment is widely shared. Jorge Castaneda, the former Mexican foreign
minister and a professor at New York University, said in an interview that Mr.
Wright's leadership ''led to an end of the war.''

Philip Brenner, a Latin American expert at American University in Washington,
said: ''He made peace possible because he got people to talk to each other. The
Constitution doesn't envision members of Congress doing this. He was stepping
out of a role. He was stepping into a role the president was unwilling to
assume.''

Even Roger W. Fontaine, a National Security Council staff member in the Reagan
administration, said of Mr. Wright, ''He deserves a lot of credit.''

''I think the Congress,'' he added, ''by putting pressure on the administration
as well as putting pressure on the guys down there, served us well.''

Perhaps an even more important factor in the willingness of House Republicans to
line up with Mr. Gingrich to challenge Mr. Wright personally was the blunt power
he used as speaker. His main weapon was his control of the Rules Committee as it
sent bills to the House floor under procedures that were intended to minimize or
eliminate the Republicans' chances to amend or defeat them.

In 1987, he forced a once-defeated reconciliation bill through the House by
finessing the requirement that a day pass before it could be voted on a second
time. He held that vote open long after the standard 15 minutes had expired so
that his final arm-twisting would achieve a majority.

Republicans were outraged. Speaking of Mr. Wright, Representative Dick Cheney of
Wyoming, then the third-ranking House Republican, told an interviewer: ''He's a
heavy-handed son of a bitch, and he doesn't know any other way of operating, and
he will do anything he can to win at any price, including ignoring the rules,
bending the rules, writing rules, denying the House the opportunity to work its
will. It brings disrespect to the House itself. There's no sense of comity
left.''

Republicans remembered Mr. Wright's tactics and employed similar ones after they
won the House in 1994 and Mr. Gingrich became speaker. In an interview, Mr.
Wright conceded that he might have served as their model. ''I hope not,'' he
said.

Norman J. Ornstein, a congressional scholar at the American Enterprise
Institute, called Mr. Wright ''one of the most capable speakers of our time.''
But he said Mr. Wright's methods were harmful to the House. They ''inflamed an
already edgy Republican minority and helped contribute to some of the partisan
turmoil after his departure,'' he said.

James Claude Wright Jr. was born in Fort Worth on Dec. 22, 1922, and grew up in
Weatherford, Tex. He studied at Weatherford College and the University of Texas
and enlisted in the Army Air Corps the day after Pearl Harbor. He flew 30
missions over Japan as a bombardier and was awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross.

Mr. Wright was elected to the Texas Legislature in 1946 but proved too liberal
for his district on civil rights issues and was defeated in 1948 by a more
conservative Democrat, who called him soft on Communism.

He made a comeback, however, winning two two-year terms as mayor of Weatherford,
where he persuaded the City Council to bus black students to high school in Fort
Worth, a trip few had been able to make on their own. Weatherford's own schools
for blacks went through only the eighth grade.

In 1954, he ran for the House of Representatives, challenging a four-term
incumbent Democrat, Wingate Lewis, and defeating him comfortably. Mr. Wright
went on to be re-elected 17 times.

Two fellow Texans were influential in Mr. Wright's career: the House speaker Sam
Rayburn and Lyndon B. Johnson, who served in the Senate during Mr. Wright's
first years in Congress before becoming vice president in 1961. Mr. Wright lost
a special election to fill Johnson's Senate seat that year. On Nov. 22, 1963,
Mr. Wright was in the presidential motorcade in Dallas when President John F.
Kennedy was assassinated, putting Johnson in the White House.

Mr. Wright worked hard on the House Public Works Committee to bring benefits to
his district, including Trinity River flood control and the revival of the Fort
Worth stockyards area. He also traveled to campaign for other Democrats and won
a close four-way contest to become House majority leader in 1976, defeating
Phillip Burton, Richard Bolling and John McFall by winning support from Texans,
Southerners and conservatives. From that position he advanced almost
automatically to become speaker after Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. retired in 1987.

Mr. Wright married his college sweetheart, Mary Ethelyn Lemons, in 1942, and
they had five children. The marriage ended in divorce. Mr. Wright married Betty
Hay, a congressional staff member, in 1972.

She survives him, as do four children from his first marriage: a son, James, and
three daughters, Virginia McGuire, Kay Nelson and Alicia Carnes; a sister, Betty
Lee Wright; 15 grandchildren; and 24 great-grandchildren.

Mr. Wright returned to Fort Worth after he left the House, lectured widely and
traveled to Central America.

He also wrote a weekly column for The Fort Worth Star-Telegram for more than 10
years and several books, among them ''Worth It All: My War for Peace'' (1993),
which examined the Nicaraguan peace effort; ''Balance of Power: Presidents and
Congress from the Era of McCarthy to the Age of Gingrich'' (1994), and ''The
Flying Circus: Pacific War -- 1943 -- as Seen Through a Bombsight'' (2005).

Despite mouth cancer that cost him part of his tongue and the right half of his
jaw and that shrank his voice, he continued to teach a popular course on
Congress and the presidency at Texas Christian University. He said he covered
''times when a popular president got almost anything he wanted,'' and times when
''an assertive Congress'' dominated events.




URL:

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Speaker Jim Wright, Democrat of Texas, above left, dining with
President George Bush in 1989
below right, speaking with visitors to his office in Fort Worth last May
and in 1977. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BARRY THUMMA/ASSOCIATED PRESS
RON JENKINS/THE FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS
 GEORGE TAMES/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Correction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Jim Wright, House Speaker Who Resigned Amid Ethics Charges, Dies at 92

BYLINE: By ADAM CLYMER; Daniel E. Slotnik contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1816 words


Jim Wright, a driven Texas Democrat who rose to the pinnacle of congressional
power before ethics charges forced his resignation as speaker of the House in
1989, died on Wednesday in Fort Worth. He was 92.

The Thompson's Harveson & Cole funeral home in Fort Worth confirmed his death,
at a nursing home.

While his resignation was prompted by a yearlong ethics investigation, much of
the enmity against Mr. Wright derived from the way he ran the House and saw his
role as speaker.

Republicans attacked him for encouraging peace negotiations in Nicaragua,
accusing him of seizing authority that properly belonged to President Ronald
Reagan. They were also furious over the parliamentary tactics he used to
marginalize them on the way to passing a heavy load of legislation in 1987 and
1988.

The main ethics charges against Mr. Wright were that he had improperly accepted
$145,000 in gifts from a Fort Worth developer, George Mallick, through a company
that they owned together, and that the royalties he received for a slim book he
wrote, ''Reflections of a Public Man,'' were actually a dodge to evade rules
limiting gifts and speaking fees. The House Ethics Committee was preparing to
decide whether he was guilty or not when he resigned.

Mr. Wright insisted into retirement that Mr. Mallick had no personal interest in
any particular legislation, which would have made any gifts to the speaker
questionable, and that in any case he and his wife had not received gifts but
rather compensation for work performed for the development company. As for the
book, he insisted that House ethics rules specifically exempted all copyright
royalties from congressional limits on outside income.

When he announced his resignation, on May 31, 1989, Mr. Wright said he hoped his
departure would heal the partisan rancor of the House.

''All of us in both political parties must resolve to bring this period of
mindless cannibalism to an end,'' he said.

But his resignation did nothing to avert a new era of ferocious partisanship in
the House. Leaders in both parties were brought down by ethics charges, the
so-called permanent campaign by members of Congress made cooperation between
Republicans and Democrats nearly impossible, and House voting reached historic
levels of partisan polarization.

Beyond the specifics of the ethics charges, it was clear that Mr. Wright's
bullish style of leadership in his two and half years as speaker was a crucial
factor in his downfall, not only in the opposition efforts spearheaded by
Representative Newt Gingrich of Georgia, but also in the ultimate unwillingness
of some Democrats to fight for him.

His effectiveness was one cause of Republican criticism. Mr. Gingrich repeatedly
accused him of ethical lapses, but Mr. Gingrich also told John M. Barry, author
of the 1989 book ''The Ambition and the Power'': ''If he survives this ethics
thing, he may become the greatest speaker since Henry Clay.''

Mr. Wright's aggressiveness made some Democrats restive. In the very active
100th Congress, he got many major bills passed -- on welfare, the environment,
highways, taxes and more -- but to do so he had to force members to cast tough
votes.

''In essence, Wright wanted to govern the country from the House,'' Mr. Barry
wrote in his book. ''That required overawing the Senate and confronting and
defeating the White House.''

No effort by Mr. Wright matched that description as well as his drive to sponsor
peace talks in Nicaragua between its leftist Sandinista government and the
contras, who were seeking to overthrow it in a guerrilla war aided by the Reagan
administration.

Reagan initially invited Mr. Wright to help draft a peace plan as congressional
opposition to aid to the contras intensified in 1987. He agreed, and they issued
a joint statement.

But when Mr. Wright discussed concrete proposals with Daniel Ortega, the
president of Nicaragua, whom the administration distrusted and would not meet,
Reagan aides accused him of trying to usurp the role of the executive branch and
conduct his own foreign policy. In his diary, Reagan himself dismissed Mr.
Wright's efforts as ''monkeyshines.'' Mr. Wright argued that many in the Reagan
administration did not want peace talks for fear they might succeed and stop any
further congressional financing of the contras.

A peace agreement in Nicaragua was reached after both Mr. Wright and Reagan left
office in 1989, with George Bush succeeding the president and Thomas S. Foley
succeeding Mr. Wright as speaker. In an election the next year, a contra
candidate defeated Mr. Ortega, and the new secretary of state, James A. Baker
III, congratulated Mr. Wright. ''But for you there would have been no bipartisan
accord,'' he wrote, ''without which there would have been no election.''

Mr. Wright in 2007, in an interview for this obituary, called his role in
defusing the Nicaraguan conflict the ''major accomplishment'' of his career --
''the fact that I was able to help bring about peace in Central America after a
decade of war.''

That assessment is widely shared. Jorge Castaneda, the former Mexican foreign
minister and a professor at New York University, said in an interview that Mr.
Wright's leadership ''led to an end of the war.''

Philip Brenner, a Latin American expert at American University in Washington,
said: ''He made peace possible because he got people to talk to each other. The
Constitution doesn't envision members of Congress doing this. He was stepping
out of a role. He was stepping into a role the president was unwilling to
assume.''

Even Roger W. Fontaine, a National Security Council staff member in the Reagan
administration, said of Mr. Wright, ''He deserves a lot of credit.''

''I think the Congress,'' he added, ''by putting pressure on the administration
as well as putting pressure on the guys down there, served us well.''

Perhaps an even more important factor in the willingness of House Republicans to
line up with Mr. Gingrich to challenge Mr. Wright personally was the blunt power
he used as speaker. His main weapon was his control of the Rules Committee as it
sent bills to the House floor under procedures that were intended to minimize or
eliminate the Republicans' chances to amend or defeat them.

In 1987, he forced a once-defeated reconciliation bill through the House by
finessing the requirement that a day pass before it could be voted on a second
time. He held that vote open long after the standard 15 minutes had expired so
that his final arm-twisting would achieve a majority.

Republicans were outraged. Speaking of Mr. Wright, Representative Dick Cheney of
Wyoming, then the third-ranking House Republican, told an interviewer: ''He's a
heavy-handed son of a bitch, and he doesn't know any other way of operating, and
he will do anything he can to win at any price, including ignoring the rules,
bending the rules, writing rules, denying the House the opportunity to work its
will. It brings disrespect to the House itself. There's no sense of comity
left.''

Republicans remembered Mr. Wright's tactics and employed similar ones after they
won the House in 1994 and Mr. Gingrich became speaker. In an interview, Mr.
Wright conceded that he might have served as their model. ''I hope not,'' he
said.

Norman J. Ornstein, a congressional scholar at the American Enterprise
Institute, called Mr. Wright ''one of the most capable speakers of our time.''
But he said Mr. Wright's methods were harmful to the House. They ''inflamed an
already edgy Republican minority and helped contribute to some of the partisan
turmoil after his departure,'' he said.

James Claude Wright Jr. was born in Fort Worth on Dec. 22, 1922, and grew up in
Weatherford, Tex. He studied at Weatherford College and the University of Texas
and enlisted in the Army Air Corps the day after Pearl Harbor. He flew 30
missions over Japan as a bombardier and was awarded the Distinguished Flying
Cross.

Mr. Wright was elected to the Texas Legislature in 1946 but proved too liberal
for his district on civil rights issues and was defeated in 1948 by a more
conservative Democrat, who called him soft on Communism.

He made a comeback, however, winning two two-year terms as mayor of Weatherford,
where he persuaded the City Council to bus black students to high school in Fort
Worth, a trip few had been able to make on their own. Weatherford's own schools
for blacks went through only the eighth grade.

In 1954, he ran for the House of Representatives, challenging a four-term
incumbent Democrat, Wingate Lewis, and defeating him comfortably. Mr. Wright
went on to be re-elected 17 times.

Two fellow Texans were influential in Mr. Wright's career: the House speaker Sam
Rayburn and Lyndon B. Johnson, who served in the Senate during Mr. Wright's
first years in Congress before becoming vice president in 1961. Mr. Wright lost
a special election to fill Johnson's Senate seat that year. On Nov. 22, 1963,
Mr. Wright was in the presidential motorcade in Dallas when President John F.
Kennedy was assassinated, putting Johnson in the White House.

Mr. Wright worked hard on the House Public Works Committee to bring benefits to
his district, including Trinity River flood control and the revival of the Fort
Worth stockyards area. He also traveled to campaign for other Democrats and won
a close four-way contest to become House majority leader in 1976, defeating
Phillip Burton, Richard Bolling and John McFall by winning support from Texans,
Southerners and conservatives. From that position he advanced almost
automatically to become speaker after Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. retired in 1987.

Mr. Wright married his college sweetheart, Mary Ethelyn Lemons, in 1942, and
they had five children. The marriage ended in divorce. Mr. Wright married Betty
Hay, a congressional staff member, in 1972.

She survives him, as do four children from his first marriage: a son, James, and
three daughters, Virginia McGuire, Kay Nelson and Alicia Carnes; a sister, Betty
Lee Wright; 15 grandchildren; and 24 great-grandchildren.

Mr. Wright returned to Fort Worth after he left the House, lectured widely and
traveled to Central America.

He also wrote a weekly column for The Fort Worth Star-Telegram for more than 10
years and several books, among them ''Worth It All: My War for Peace'' (1993),
which examined the Nicaraguan peace effort; ''Balance of Power: Presidents and
Congress from the Era of McCarthy to the Age of Gingrich'' (1994), and ''The
Flying Circus: Pacific War -- 1943 -- as Seen Through a Bombsight'' (2005).

Despite mouth cancer that cost him part of his tongue and the right half of his
jaw and that shrank his voice, he continued to teach a popular course on
Congress and the presidency at Texas Christian University. He said he covered
''times when a popular president got almost anything he wanted,'' and times when
''an assertive Congress'' dominated events.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/07/us/politics/jim-wright-house-speaker-who-resig
ned-amid-ethics-charges-dies-at-92.html

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Speaker Jim Wright, Democrat of Texas, above left, dining with
President George Bush in 1989
below right, speaking with visitors to his office in Fort Worth last May
and in 1977. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BARRY THUMMA/ASSOCIATED PRESS
RON JENKINS/THE FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS
 GEORGE TAMES/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Idaho: Bad Blood Gets Worse Between Barack, Bibi And Israel

LENGTH: 596  words

DATELINE: Boise


American Falls District Library of Idaho has issued the followinga news release:

The U.S.-Israeli relationship was one of the issues in the Israeli elections --
in particular Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's poisonous personal
relationship with President Obama.

Now, with Netanyahu's return to power, that relationship doesn't look like it
will be improving anytime soon.

Publicly, the White House says the U.S.-Israeli relationship is too strong to be
affected by one election. But it's clear that many administration officials
would have preferred a different result.

On Tuesday, the day of the election, Netanyahu warned that his leftist opponents
were driving Arab voters to the polls "in droves" to defeat him. (Arab Israelis
are 20 percent of the population in Israel.)

A day later, the White House came pretty close to accusing Netanyahu of using
racist rhetoric to win.

Onboard Air Force One Wednesday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest told
reporters, unprompted, that the White House would be communicating directly to
the Israelis its "deep concern about the divisive rhetoric used to marginalize
Arab Israeli citizens."

Emboldening Republicans

On a policy front, Netanyahu's re-election is likely to cause the president more
headaches.

It will increase Republicans' willingness to challenge the president on foreign
policy -- as they did by inviting Netanyahu to give that controversial speech to
Congress two weeks ago and then again with that letter 47 Republicans wrote to
Iranian leaders blasting Obama's efforts to get a nuclear deal.

Netanyahu's victory, Republicans feel, validates their decision to do so.

Another Complication To An Iranian Nuclear Deal

As for getting an Iran deal done, the Israeli election result puts another
hurdle in Obama's path. If the government of Israel had changed, it would be a
lot easier for him to reach an agreement with Iran and sell it to Congress.

Republicans in Congress had already been pushing the boundaries, and a bill
giving Congress the ability to accept or reject a nuclear deal with Iran could
come up for a vote as early as April.

The White House insists Netanyahu's re-election will have no effect on the
negotiations, but it may make it harder for the president to persuade Congress
to give those negotiations more time.

White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough has been warning lawmakers not to
interfere before all the details of a deal are worked out -- which could take
three more months.

The White House's top targets are Democrats. The president needs to hold down
defections among his own party in the Senate, so that the bill does not receive
a vetoproof majority.

Two-State Solution Dead In The Obama Years

Then there is the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, which has been on life
support for some time.

But Netanyahu's re-election might have flatlined it altogether. In the days
leading up to the elections, Netanyahu vowed there would be no Palestinian state
as long as he was prime minister.

Backing a two-state solution has been the policy of the United States since
2002.

Netanyahu's remarks guarantee there will be no Israeli-Palestinian peace deal
during Obama's term.

The Obama administration says it will now have to re-evaluate the U.S. approach
to the peace process.

President Obama might also have to re-evaluate how he will handle a newly
strengthened Israeli prime minister -- one who stands in the way of progress on
a two-state solution and a legacy-cementing nuclear deal with Iran.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           November 25, 2004 Thursday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. A-9

LENGTH: 625 words


DIFFERENCE IN GAS PRICES CALLS FOR INVESTIGATION

I am a junior at St. Michael's High School who is frustrated with Santa Fe
gasoline prices. I don't understand why gasoline prices in Santa Fe County over
the last few years have been anywhere from 10 cents to 20 cents per gallon more
expensive than prices in Los Alamos County. Some people have mentioned to me
that the cost of transporting gasoline to Santa Fe costs more because of our
isolation from major cities. That argument does not make sense: Don't the trucks
that deliver gasoline to White Rock have to drive through Santa Fe to get there?
My father, who commutes in a carpool to Los Alamos every day, refuses to buy gas
in Santa Fe. He maintains gasoline in both of our family cars by filling the
emptiest one in White Rock on the one day he drives each week. The Santa Fe city
councilors or the County Commissioners need to investigate this situation.

Mark Dennison

Santa Fe

Random attack?

I just want to thank the individuals who keyed my car and let the air out of my
tires. You don't suppose it was due to my George Bush bumper sticker, do you?

William Mitchell

Santa Fe

Restore balance

Yasser Arafat's death returns focus to the biggest obstacle to international
peace in the world -- the Israeli-Palestinian crisis. Arafat did as much to
undermine a peaceful resolution as to fight for Palestinian rights.

The United States has consistently sided with Israel, giving them more financial
support than any other nation -- more than $3 billion per year -- which was used
to buy the weaponry used to marginalize and murder Palestinians. Each
administration since Jimmy Carter has claimed to want a peaceful resolution, but
only if that resolution is backed by its Jewish supporters. It's unfortunate
that a people who have been so oppressed historically have eagerly become the
oppressors. For peace to occur, the United States needs to have a balanced
foreign policy and fight for a resolution that will be good for both Palestine
and Israel.

Ashley Sacks

Santa Fe

Presidential election

In light of recent development regarding electronic voting, it is imperative
that, as the main media outlet in Northern New Mexico, you have a duty to
investigate allegations of fraudulent voting. Are investigations being
conducted? Why are these stories not being covered?

Daniel Werwath

Santa Fe

'Man of peace'?

When Arafat was given the Nobel Peace Prize, Alfred Nobel must have turned over
in his grave. Arafat, who was an avowed terrorist and leader of murderers, was
responsible for the slaughter of hundreds of innocent civilians. By giving this
terrorist a peace prize, the Nobel committee made a mockery of the entire intent
of the award. By their actions, they legitimized terrorism and encouraged the
acceptance -- even by some so-called "intellectuals" -- of wanton murder of
little children as the expression of dissatisfaction with their present status.

Sheldon Levin

Española

'Private Ryan'

It was with shock and awe that I heard that some television stations pulled
Saving Private Ryan for fear of Federal Communications Commission fines.
Veterans are honored for fighting, bleeding and dying for their country -- not
for attending a tea party and reading nursery rhymes.

Is this just another attempt of the conservatives to sanitize war as we march
through Iraq and perhaps the rest of the "Axis of Evil?"

Deborah A. Moll

Santa Fe

Different faces

Commenting on Yasser Arafat's death, Rabbi Marvin Schwab of Santa Fe was quoted
(Nov. 12) as saying, "Judaism teaches us that we are not to rejoice over the
death of an enemy." Does Islam teach the same moral value? I think not. Witness
the rejoicing and street dancing by Palestinians on Sept. 11, 2001, when 3,000
innocents were murdered.

John Wellington

Santa Fe

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      March 18, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

BUSH-MCCAIN FEUD OUTLIVES ELECTION YEAR

BYLINE: Ronald Brownstein and Janet Hook

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 1169 words


WASHINGTON Forget the tension between President Bush and Democrats over taxes,
spending cuts or hardball tactics in Congress.

Hands down, the most poisonous feud in Washington is the one between the White
House and the man Bush beat for the Republican presidential nomination last
year: Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.

Bush allies think McCain is trying to broaden his national power base by
systematically opposing the administration on several high-profile subjects:
health care, gun control and, most prominently, campaign finance reform, the
volatile issue the Senate will begin debating Monday.

In return, McCain supporters think the White House is determined to marginalize
the senator's influence and brand him as a pariah in the party.

The result is a cold war that has both sides predicting nothing but sustained
conflict.

"We either have no relations on a good day, or negative relations on a more
routine day," said John Weaver, McCain's chief political strategist.

Probably not since Lyndon Johnson and Robert Kennedy tore at each other in the
mid-1960s has a president been so openly, and consistently, at odds with the
other leading national figure in his own party.

In the case of Bush and McCain, the ill feeling has reached the point where
loyalists in both camps no longer exclude the possibility that the Arizonan
could bolt the GOP in 2004 and seek the presidency as an independent.

Although McCain, 64, publicly dismisses the idea, another source close to him
insists the increasingly open opposition from the White House and Senate GOP
leadership might leave him no choice.

"If you close every door in the party, at some point he has to come to a hard
decision about what he's going to do," said the source, who, like many, asked to
remain anonymous when discussing the McCain-Bush conflict.

"He's less and less bound by any residual loyalties to the party."

Bush and McCain haven't spoken since a single meeting days after the
presidential inauguration.

Each side thinks the other has failed to give it proper respect. McCain forces
seethed earlier this year when Bush personally lobbied all the other leading
sponsors of legislation to reform health maintenance organizations but pointedly
excluded McCain.

Bush supporters see McCain indulging a craving for headlines that ignores a
simple fact: It was Bush who won their duel for the nomination and the
presidency.

Still, neither principal seems gripped by the personal loathing that ignited the
firefight between Johnson and Robert Kennedy.

"Nobody campaigned harder than I did for George Bush," McCain said in an
interview. "I have a cordial relationship with the president. It's not as if we
are at swords' point."

Indeed, hurt feelings and competing ambitions might explain less of the
Bush-McCain conflict than more fundamental differences.

The two men are divided by contrasting visions of how the GOP can build a stable
national political majority.

While Bush puts great emphasis on solidifying the Republican base, McCain
insists that the party must court the independent voters who flocked to his
primary campaign usually with centrist reforms, such as his campaign finance
bill.

But McCain's approach offends hard-core conservatives. "McCain is not
representing some wing of the party, some public pulse or some grand issue,"
charged Grover Norquist, a leading conservative strategist.

"He is just representing McCain's interest in being important."

McCain and many people around him say his actions so far this year can best be
understood by recognizing that, like Bush, he is trying to execute campaign
promises he made in 2000.

"The problem is someone else won the election," said one Senate Republican
leader who asked not to be named when discussing a colleague.

"The agent of change sits at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, not on the second floor
of the Russell Senate Office Building (where McCain has his office). There's an
inherent conflict."

Sen. Joseph Lieberman, D-Conn., who has worked with McCain on several issues,
offers a more sympathetic view.

"He felt he returned to the Senate strengthened, and he wants to make it count
for something," Lieberman said. "People will tell you that it's all about
embarrassing Bush, but I don't think so. He wants to get some stuff done."

Regardless of the motives, McCain's offensive to implement his campaign agenda
is carrying him into collisions with Bush and most of his Senate GOP colleagues
on a lengthening list of issues.

Key among them:

Campaign finance reform: In the measure he has co-sponsored with Sen. Russ
Feingold, D-Wis., McCain wants to ban unlimited contributions to the national
parties.

Bush, as he specified Thursday, would ban such contributions from unions and
corporations, but permit them for individuals a fatal loophole, reformers
believe.

The McCain-Feingold bill also would go much further in trying to limit
independent advertising campaigns from business and labor.

McCain said he was pleased by the tone of Bush's comments Thursday on the reform
issue.

"He could have come out much harder, threatened a veto and talked about
unacceptable provisions," McCain said.

But privately, McCain advisers think the White House is trying to sink his
legislation by promoting a less restrictive bill sponsored by Sen. Chuck Hagel,
R-Neb.

Unless Bush reverses himself to accept a soft money ban, his fight is virtually
certain to escalate hostilities between the two men. If McCain wins the
congressional fight to ban soft money but Bush vetoes the legislation, that
would chill relations dramatically.

Alternately, McCain is likely to be embittered if the White House and GOP
leaders succeed in avoiding a soft money ban.

Gun control: McCain is working with Lieberman on compromise legislation to
impose stricter requirements for background checks on handgun purchases at gun
shows, an idea killed in the last Congress.

The two also will propose more funding for enforcement of existing gun laws, as
gun-rights advocates have urged.

The funding provision has done little to mollify conservatives angry that McCain
is helping Democrats revive the gun show issue.

Health care: McCain allied himself with Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass., and John
Edwards, D-N.C., to introduce a patients' "bill of rights" measure that would
give consumers more freedom to sue health maintenance organizations.

To the White House's dismay, McCain joined the effort as Bush was trying to
dampen support for the bill. McCain said he would have delayed the legislation's
introduction if the White House asked him. But on the core issue he is at odds
with the administration.

Taxes: Contemptuous of Bush's proposed tax cut during the campaign, McCain is
moving toward open opposition to it now. In recent interviews, he has echoed
centrist Republicans, who argue that the cut should be linked to progress in
reducing the national debt.

He has complained that the bill is tilted too much toward the wealthy.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Los Angeles Times
Photo, Sen. John McCain and President Bush at a campaign rally in October. (AP)

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                               May 6, 2016 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Letters: Trump leading Republicans down dangerous path

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Opinion; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 468 words


ISSUE | CAMPAIGN 2016

Republicans set course for disaster

Members of the Republican Party have spoken clearly ("Cruz quits as Trump wins
big," Wednesday). Their choice for president is a candidate who is coarse,
crude, and ignorant - one who is as much a liberal Democrat as one who values
the tenets of the Grand Old Party.

It is acceptable to his followers that their leader mocks the disabled,
denigrates women, marginalizes immigrants and religious minorities, expresses
admiration for dictators Kim Jong Un and Vladimir Putin, fondly quotes Benito
Mussolini, publicly utters profanity, asserts his sexual prowess, and seeks to
devalue the valor and service of those who were captured and imprisoned by the
enemy during wartime.

The conventional wisdom is that Trump will be demolished in the general
election, that his placement as the GOP standard-bearer will wreak havoc on
Republican House and Senate candidates, and that the losses will reverberate for
the party for multiple election cycles. Those with an interest in saving our
country from itself can only hope that this scenario unfolds.

If there is anyone who can unite the opposition behind presumptive Democratic
nominee Hillary Clinton, it is clown prince Donald Trump.

|Oren M. Spiegler, Upper St. Clair, Pa.

Trump choice: Take the high or low road

Now that Donald Trump is the presumptive Republican nominee, I hope he can
change his divisive rhetoric to match the high office he is seeking. His
candidacy is unique, and that has drawn millions of votes, but unique isn't
always better, and based on his rhetoric during the primary season, it is quite
alarming.

To win the White House, it must be a race to the top, not a race to the bottom.
Trump has a choice of which kind of campaign he runs.

|Steven M. Clayton, Ocean, sclayton24@gmail.com

Likely contest accentuates the negatives

It is evident that our November choice will be between Donald Trump and Hillary
Clinton, both of whom have staggering negatives. The lesser of two evils? More
like the evil of two lessers. One positive note: The nation has been saved from
Cruz control.

|Gordon Lawrence, Rydal

Trump's independence hardly a virtue

Political columnist John Baer made the point that Donald Trump could win votes
in Pennsylvania by claiming that because he is independently wealthy, he would
never accept money to do the bidding of special-interest groups ("Trump may be
force to reckon with," Monday). How does Baer think Trump and many like him have
achieved financial success?

Baer's argument is an insult to those of lesser means. The decision to refuse to
do favors for money is a moral one and has nothing to do with the size of a
person's bank account. At no point in his life has Trump exhibited such a moral
compass.

|Bill Fanshel, Bryn Mawr, wfanshel@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SPENCER PLATT / Getty

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Birds defenders must come to grips with new rules

BYLINE: By Jeff McLane; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Spt. Eagles; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 808 words


FOXBOROUGH, Mass. - It's a new world, one that increasingly marginalizes
defensive players. But if certain Eagles don't adjust to restrictions on contact
downfield and use of the hands on the line, they will become refugees of the
offense-friendly NFL.

And there's nothing Chip Kelly or any NFL coach can do to save them.

"You don't have to agree with the speed limit, but if the cop's out there with a
speed gun, you better take your foot off the gas or he's going to pull you
over," Kelly said after the Eagles fell to the New England Patriots, 42-35, in
the preseason. "It's the bottom line. Rules are rules, and you've got to follow
them."

The Eagles were penalized 15 times on Friday night and 11 were on the defense.
Some of the flags were declined or offset by New England penalties, but two were
for illegal contact and three were for illegal use of the hands. There were also
three holding penalties and one for pass interference.

The Patriots were just as careless with 13 penalties, although their starting
defense didn't have as many problems. Their reserves were called for illegal
contact once and for illegal use of hands twice. If anything, it was the
Patriots offensive linemen who struggled with illegal use of hands, drawing
three flags.

But the illegal-contact enforcement - a point of emphasis this year, many
believe, because of the Seattle Seahawks secondary's clutching and grabbing on
the way to a Super Bowl title - has plagued the Eagles.

The Eagles, like every other team, have been briefed by NFL officials this
preseason. This is illegal contact, as described in the rules video: "Defenders
cannot initiate contact with eligible receivers more than five yards from the
line of scrimmage when the quarterback is in the pocket with the ball."

The definition of the rule would seem to limit grabby cornerbacks such as the
Birds' Bradley Fletcher and Cary Williams, but neither has been flagged yet. The
preseason sample is a small one, though. Brandon Boykin has been called for
holding - illegal contact's sister penalty - three times already.

"If you're past the five-yard mark, no matter what, there is no leeway - not
51/2, not six yards," Boykin said. "If your hand is on a receiver, a flag is
going up. It's hard for a defensive back."

Boykin said that he expects teaching proper technique to be a point of emphasis
when the team resumes practice Sunday. But Kelly said his defensive coaches
haven't taught any other way.

"We don't teach people to grab receivers after five yards downfield, and if that
becomes your go-to move and that's what you've got to do, you can't play," Kelly
said. "You've got to figure that out."

Williams has said that he isn't going to alter his way of defending and that he
expects officials will adjust to his game. The seven-year veteran isn't blessed
with great athleticism, but he has survived in the NFL because of his knack for
using angles as leverage.

He has also mastered the art of using his hands. Williams and Bradley were
signed as free agents last offseason because the Eagles wanted longer outside
cornerbacks to keep up with ever-growing receivers. But their style of defense
may not be ideal for the new rule changes.

There's an "overemphasis on referees having to meet a quota on flags," Eagles
linebacker Mychal Kendricks said. He added: "It's going to take some time to
make the adjustment. You talk to guys like Trent Cole, DeMeco Ryans, and Cary
Williams that have played in this league for a number years that have played a
certain type of way."

Illegal use of hands was called evenly both ways. The rules state that "hands
cannot be thrust forward above the frame to contact an opponent on the neck,
face, or head." But linemen on both sides have been playing that way for years,
according to Eagles linebacker Connor Barwin.

"I'm surprised it's even an emphasis up front," Barwin said. "I didn't know that
was a problem. . . . I don't get the problem with hands to the face up front
with what we do naturally. But it is and they're calling it."

The league has said the limitations are partly for player safety. Defenders
insist the changes are meant to favor offenses. There is supposed to be greater
emphasis on limiting receivers who push off at the top of their routes and on
cut blocking, but there haven't been as many penalties called.

"They want points," Barwin said of the NFL. "They want a quarterback league."

Kelly was obviously upset with his team after the game. He could complain all he
wants, and the NFL may have some long games early in the season, but every team
has to abide by the same rules.

"Whoever ends up being the most disciplined team in this league is going to
win," Kelly said. "But the rule is not going to change."

It's up to the players to get the message or they'll be on the outside looking
in.

jmclane@phillynews.com

@Jeff_McLane


LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 12, 2010 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

N.F.L. Is Compelled to React

BYLINE: By RICHARD SANDOMIR.

E-mail: sandor@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; SPORTS BUSINESS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 830 words


Deadspin's mission is to be everything the mainstream news media are not:
snarky, mean spirited and unbound by more rigorous principles of old-line
journalism. In that spirit of online mayhem, the sports blog last Thursday
posted photographs of what it purports to be Brett Favre's genitals, shots that
it said he sent while still the Jets' quarterback to Jenn Sterger, a former
game-day host for the team. So far, the story has been viewed 1.9 million times.

True or false, the story is tantalizing and sordid gossip about a future Hall of
Famer -- and Deadspin had been playing it (and its follow-ups) with a raw,
gleeful rush of tabloid energy as the Jets prepared to play Monday night against
Favre and his current team, the Minnesota Vikings.

But any mainstream news outlet that hoped to ignore or marginalize the story
could not after the N.F.L. said Friday afternoon that it was investigating
Favre's conduct. A. J. Daulerio, Deadspin's editor, said he knew the story would
be picked up by other news media if it was seen as a possible case of sexual
harassment.

''To me, that was a public acknowledgment that it had reached a point where the
N.F.L. considered the impact,'' said Vince Doria, the senior vice president and
director of news at ESPN. ''Reaction of that sort lifts a story to where you can
report it.''

Greg Aiello, a league spokesman, said the facts of the case had not been
established yet.

But, he added, the league found it hard to ignore the Deadspin posting.

''It's a totally different world with the Internet,'' he said. ''Information and
videos that never once existed are the new reality and the new news. But our
issue here is the conduct of our employees and the question of whether this is a
case of sexual harassment.''

The rapid acknowledgment of the story contrasts with the reticence of the
mainstream news media to follow the lead of The National Enquirer's report in
late 2006 that John Edwards, the former North Carolina senator seeking the
Democratic nomination for the presidency, had fathered a child out of wedlock
with a woman who was a campaign videographer.

The Favre story began in August when Deadspin reported that Sterger had told
Daulerio that Favre had sent her the photographs and ''strange, friendly'' voice
mail messages in 2008. Sterger clearly never authorized Daulerio to attach her
name to the release of the photographs and voice mails. But Daulerio went ahead,
because he wanted the story. He said that he told her that he was not going to
sit on it forever.

That post did not stir the mainstream news media very much. But last week's
certainly did.

At Deadspin, a part of Gawker Media, there is a hard calculation: drawing
maximum Internet traffic. ''There's always pressure to be successful in terms of
traffic or to build your own brand,'' Daulerio said. Deadspin's is a circulation
model -- newspapers and magazines want to be consumed widely too -- wedded to a
Web site where anyone and anything is its quarry.

''Gawker Media has always been proudly without virtue or principles,'' said
Gabriel Snyder, the Gawker site's former editor in chief. He added that old-line
news media felt pressure to pick up Deadspin stories ''because of a certain
crisis of confidence the news media is going through; they feel they're losing
some control of what's relevant because of sites that don't adhere to the same
standards.''

Indeed, Deadspin said it paid more for the photographs and voice mail -- not
from Sterger but a third party -- than for any other story (there were two
others) in the five years it has been in business. It also paid recently for a
very un-Deadspin-like collection of baseball team financial reports, which also
received a lot of play.

Daulerio said he had to be prudent with Gawker's sack of pay-for-stories cash.
''I have to look at it from a business perspective and how to keep the site
viable,'' he said.

The provenance of the story -- the payment and the lack of certainty that the
photographs and voice mail are Favre's -- did not deter ESPN and many others
from reporting it. Doria said that he was uncomfortable with the sourcing in the
Deadspin report in August but that the league's investigation made the story
worth pursuing. But, it is worth noting, the details are still murky.

''If it is, in fact, a case of inappropriate behavior by a high-profile athlete,
potentially sexual harassment, it bears reporting,'' Doria said. ''This really
isn't about Deadspin. The Internet has expanded the media landscape, but we have
to look at everything out there and determine by our standards when we'll report
a story.''

Favre has not addressed the specifics of the story publicly, and Sterger is
refusing to comment or, at least so far, to speak to the league. She is,
however, the ''blogstress'' of ''The Daily Line'' program on Versus, where her
portfolio includes what's hot online. But she was not assigned to address the
Deadspin yarn Monday night. Her colleague, Liam McHugh, was scheduled to report
on her.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

THE SAD TRUTH ON UNIVERSITIES

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 628 words


It is not surprising that Senate President Ken Pruitt wants to marginalize the
appointed board in charge of Florida's public universities. He has been
agitating for months against tuition increases, and the Board of Governors has
been less than obedient. The more jarring punch in the gut to a beleaguered
higher education system is from a polite governor who promised to be an ally but
has now told university presidents to quit whining or take a hike.

"We have great universities and their recognition of that fact is important,"
Gov. Charlie Crist told a Times reporter Tuesday when asked about the
presidents' financial worries. "If they're unhappy, maybe they ought to turn the
reins over to somebody else."

That is quite a change in tone, and it is tone deaf to the financial crisis
facing higher education. Just 13 months ago, Crist told an inaugural audience
that "it is our highest calling and our most important responsibility ... to
continue on the path of making Florida's education the gold standard." Just
eight months ago, he met with the university presidents and pledged to rebuild
financial stability: "It's incredibly important for the future of Florida that
we have the very best universities that we can provide for the people of our
state."

Now those same universities are being forced to lay off hundreds of faculty
members and slash enrollment by 17,000 students. Yet Crist seems marooned on
Fantasy Island. "My point is, things are pretty good in Florida," he said,
describing the current condition of universities. "We have it pretty darn good
here."

Actually, no. We have it pretty darn mediocre. The student-faculty ratio is the
highest in the nation, with some classes at the University of South Florida held
in a nearby movie theater. The rate at which the state produces students with
bachelor's degrees is 46th in the nation. Only one of the state's 11
universities ranks among U.S. News & World Report's national top 100.

Not even Pruitt, a persistent critic of the university system Board of
Governors, would deny the financial dilemma. Instead, he wants the board to stop
raising university tuition lest the increasingly unaffordable Bright Futures
Scholarship become even more unaffordable.

In the high-handed manner of previous legislative leaders, Pruitt wants to exact
a form of punishment. He would probably abolish the board if he had the power,
but a previous House speaker beat him to the punch and led the charge to kill an
earlier version. Pruitt can't abolish this new board, because voters in 2002
embedded the Board of Governors in the Constitution.

Pruitt says he wants to ask voters to rein in the board's powers in part because
it has meddled in the day-to-day affairs of universities. But the main reason
voters approved the board was to try to insulate universities from lawmakers. If
he is right that the board should operate at "the 40,000-foot level," then he
will need to beam the Legislature to the International Space Station.

The governor and Legislature do face a difficult budget environment this year,
which is certain to create some political fissures. But these attempts to
intimidate university presidents and appointed board governors are an insulting
form of denial. The amount of money the state spends on each university student
has dropped by a fourth in the past two decades, and the system is facing the
additional loss of hundreds of millions of dollars.

This crisis is no illusion, and many high school seniors are just now opening
rejection letters and experiencing the harsh realities. Crist may still want to
pretend Florida is the "gold standard," but his remarks fool no one. The
university presidents are telling the truth, every dispiriting bit of it. The
governor and the Legislature should listen.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            November 9, 2009 Monday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Opinion & Editorial; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 778 words


Voter act would

level the field

Thanks for The Inquirer's fine coverage of Green Party candidate Carl Romanelli
("Third-party candidate comes up twice a loser," Oct. 30). Why should
third-party candidates be continually used and abused by the two-party duopoly
and then excluded and heavily fined for just trying to be a candidate?

The Voters' Choice Act would give us real democracy with multiple choices. The
legislation would level the field for all political parties, large or small,
requiring each to collect 2,000 signatures prior to being listed on the ballot.
The legislation would increase voter participation and confidence throughout the
commonwealth.

This fair legislation is currently under review in the Pennsylvania Senate. It
deserves support.

John Dowlin

Philadelphia

cyclerecycle@hotmail.com

Limited spin

for the GOP

I'm not sure how much positive spin the GOP can place on the election of a
Republican as governor of New Jersey, when, at the same time, voters chose to
keep the state Legislature solidly Democratic ("N.J. elects Christie governor,"
Wednesday).

Also, when you consider the decisive win by a Democrat for a New York state
district seat that has been held by Republicans for more than 100 years
(especially after everyone from Sarah Palin to Glenn Beck threw his support
behind a Conservative candidate rather than the Republican), it is obvious that
the majority of Americans continue to lean toward Democratic values, the
Republican party's "big tent" continues to collapse, and so-called Conservatives
continue to marginalize themselves. It looks like the right is wrong.

C. Theodore Lang

Wenonah

Must have been

a coincidence

I was relieved and pleased to read the letter Thursday ("Drilling technology is
not new") that the technology proposed for Pennsylvania shale mining "has been
in safe commercial use for more than 60 years now. . . . In all of that time,
not a single case of drinking-water contamination has been credibly tied to it."

So, I was more than a bit surprised that this same day, there was a news release
from the DEP: "The Department of Environmental Protection and Cabot Oil and Gas
Corp. have executed a consent order and agreement that will provide a long-term
solution for migrating gas that has affected 13 water supplies in Dimock
Township, Susquehanna County."

Imagine that! After 60 years, the first credible case of drinking-water
contamination due to gas drilling was just discovered in Pennsylvania. I am sure
that the letter writer, as a lobbyist for separating fact from fiction in
drilling, is as shocked about this as I am.

Al Giacomucci

Philadelphia

Thanks to Specter

for climate vote

Re: "Climate bill clears panel without GOP's input," Friday:

Thursday was a big day for the Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act, when a
"yes" vote from Pennsylvania's own Sen. Arlen Specter helped the bill gain
passage in the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. I congratulate
Specter for supporting this vital piece of legislation, and hope that this is a
signal of his commitment to making sure that the American Clean Energy and
Security Act successfully moves through the Senate with its integrity intact.

Our state and our nation need strong, swift action that results in a cap on
carbon, a national requirement for generating at least 25 percent of our
electricity from clean, renewable sources, and a standard that makes saving
energy the norm.

Brian Nath

Philadelphia

brian.nath@comcast.net

Different, perhaps,

but still 'normal'

Re: "Same-sex unions are unnatural," letter, Wednesday:

Opponents of same-sex marriage often argue that gay people do not deserve the
same rights as heterosexual citizens because of historical or societal
precedent. If this argument had any merit, we would still have slavery in this
country, and women could not vote.

The writer also uses the argument that gay people are "abnormal." I would argue
that since there has always been a small percentage of the population that is
gay, then it would be accurate to say that it is "normal" to have a certain
percentage of gay people in a given population, just as it is also "normal" to
have a certain percentage of left-handed people in a given population.

He also implies that gays should not be allowed to marry because they are
"incapable of natural copulation" or "generation" of children. Not everyone who
marries does so specifically to make babies. Would we prohibit a heterosexual
couple in their 60s from marrying because they are past childbearing age? People
marry for many different reasons, but usually it is out of love and commitment.
I see no less of that love and commitment between a gay or lesbian couple.

Jay Holland

Marlton

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 17, 2009 Friday
                                  City Edition

TEA PARTIES;
Rallies reveal widespread, bipartisan frustration

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 454 words


TAX Day 2009 brought "tea party" rallies from coast to coast and Americans
rallying to protest Washington spending.

Judging by news reports, the events - perhaps as many as 350 across the country
- were boisterous and sometimes overwrought (a few tea partiers in Texas
demanded secession from the Union), yet policy-makers in the nation's capital
ridicule or ignore them at great risk.

Behind the placards and inflamed rhetoric, distinct from the pitchfork quality
present in a number of the tea parties, there is something real. A man at a
rally in Winchester, Va., told the D.C. Examiner the idea was to send Washington
- Democrats and Republicans alike - a simple message: "We're out here."

Rallies in Oklahoma City and Tulsa bubbled with similar sentiment. The
Oklahoman's Michael McNutt reported that nearly 5,000 people spread from the
Capitol's south steps onto the plaza and past the oil derrick on the parking lot
south of the Capitol, bearing "Don't Tread on Me" banners. "This is what we do
in America when we get angry," organizer Alan Webb told the crowd.

The national tea party effort was cultivated through blogs and social networking
Web sites such as Facebook. If nothing else, it proved that it's easier to
rabble-rouse now than in 1773, when American patriots protested British tax
policies by dumping tea into Boston harbor.

But again, to marginalize participants as "right-wing Republicans, kooks and
demagogues," as former Clinton Labor Secretary Robert Reich did on his blog,
misses a bipartisan frustration with Washington's spending ways.

And its depth. The unhappiness wasn't just a publicity stunt on Wednesday. It
was evident last fall, as Congress wrestled with creation of the original $700
billion financial-sector rescue program, which most people call a bailout. It
was rekindled with passage of President Barack Obama's $787 billion stimulus
package and a $410 billion omnibus appropriation.

It's seen when watchdog groups release their annual spending waste reports, or
when deficit hawks such as Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Muskogee, detail the largely
unnecessary ways America's grandchildren are being saddled with a stunning
amount of debt.

Americans are angry - about the economy and Washington's lack of spending
discipline. Blame belongs to both political parties. Perhaps because of the
accessibility of information and the ease with which everyday Americans can
communicate with each other, such frustration can't be ignored.

Wednesday's tea parties showed how easy it is to quickly channel and mobilize
raw emotion. People of all political stripes don't feel like they're getting
their taxpayer dollars' worth from Washington. And, as the man in Virginia said,
they're out there, fuming.



LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Washington: McGovern Guest for Trump Speech is Top Ranked Transplant Surgeon
Worried About Muslim Ban's Impact on His Family

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Jim McGovern has issued the following news
release:



  Today Congressman Jim McGovern (D-MA) announced that his guest for tonight's
address by President Trump to a joint session of Congress will be Dr. Babak
Movahedi, a nationally-ranked transplant surgeon at UMass Memorial Medical
Center in Worcester, Massachusetts, who was born in Iran and is worried about
how Trump's Muslim Ban will impact his family.





 Dr. Movahedi and his family left Iran as a refugee when he was 14-years-old,
traveling to Belgium to escape the war between Iraq and Iran. Dr. Movahedi was
granted asylum in Belgium where he went on to complete medical school and
receive his PhD and surgeon training.



 "Tonight I want President Trump to see that America's diversity is our greatest
strength. Dr. Movahedi is a shining example of America's promise and the
incredible contributions immigrants make to our country," Congressman McGovern
said. "Dr. Movahedi is a nationally-ranked surgeon helping to save lives every
day. America has a proud history of protecting religious freedom and opening the
doors to all who are seeking a better life. President Trump's inhumane Muslim
ban tramples on that history and marginalizes members of our communities. Dr.
Movahedi and so many others are now afraid to visit their family overseas
because they worry they may be denied re-entry when they return. America is
stronger because of our diversity and tonight I will proudly stand with Dr.
Movahedi to deliver that message to President Trump."



 "I am honored to join my representative, Congressman McGovern, at tonight's
joint session of Congress," Dr. Movahedi said. "America has given my family so
much and I am so grateful for the opportunities we have to serve our community.
This is our home and I could not imagine raising our family anywhere else. I am
deeply concerned about President Trump's policy and the impact it could have on
my family. My message to President Trump tonight is that it is not where you are
born that defines you, but what you do with the opportunities you are given.
That is why I love this country."



 Dr. Movahedi and his Belgian-born wife and two children came to Boston in 2008
so he could complete a two-year post-doctoral research fellowship in transplant
immunology at Beth Israel Deconess Medical Center, Harvard Medical School.
Subsequently, he did a transplant fellowship at the Lahey Clinic in Burlington,
Massachusetts. He and his family loved America so much that they decided to
stay. His wife and children are now U.S. citizens. In 2012, Dr. Movahedi joined
the faculty at the University of Massachusetts Medical School. He cares for
patients with end-stage liver or kidney disease in need of an organ transplant.
He is also involved in resident and medical student teaching and clinical
research.



 Dr. Movahedi has a green card and intends to pursue citizenship when the 5-year
wait period is up. Dr. Movahedi is very worried about Trump's Muslim ban and the
impact it could have on him personally and his Iranian-born family in Belgium.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

I stand on guard for you, do you for me?

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 587 words


"Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what
they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome."

Sadly, I think this eloquent vision of Rosa Parks has not yet come to fruition.

Whether we admit it or not, racism still exists.

Today, our society is plagued with a new form of racism that doesn't necessarily
marginalize potential due to skin colour, but rather faith and appearance.

In recent terms, this virus has been dubbed "Islamophobia".

Islamophobia in the West is dramatically increasing.

Recently, a man pushed a Muslim woman into an oncoming underground train in
London.

This innocent woman probably had less to do with the attacks in France than
anyone else.

She was hurt twice - once when innocent humans were attacked, and second when
she discovered the attacks were done in the name of her faith.

Islamophobia is a big deal, just like racism. When a recent race controversy
broke out in Florida, riots ensued, and people came out from all over. Why are
we not having the same outcry on Islamophobic incidents?

Immediately after the attack in Paris, as a Muslim youth I started to get
worried. I became worried about the possibility of Islamophobia rising in the
West. I felt assured, however - based on my understanding of our great Canadian
values, that none of these acts would happen in Canada.

Boy, was I mistaken!

A mosque in Peterborough was intentionally set ablaze leaving up to $80,000 in
damage and, more importantly, risking the lives of innocent worshippers.

Next, an innocent Muslim woman in Toronto had her hijab ripped off and was
punched in the stomach.

I was in utter shock and disbelief at these acts of terror. To me it meant that
Islamophobia had stricken Canadian soil.

Viral videos and cool campaigns only have a limited impact. But then what
exactly is the long- term solution to this growing phenomenon of Islamophobia?

The answer is simple. It's all about our character, our compassion and our
contribution to this great country.

This past week I've been canvassing for an interfaith conference that tackles
the root cause of extremism, and a student asked, "Why do people hate Muslims?
You guys are so nice and are just trying to make a positive change. I don't get
it."

Bingo.

In a sensitive time like today, when Islam is under attack - arguably under
attack by Muslims more than non-Muslims, considering the violence perpetrated by
ISIS - we must re-evaluate our character.

Let's take the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at in Canada for example. This is a Muslim
organization that has made countless positive contributions to this country by
hosting blood drives, food drives and social gatherings that provide ample
benefit all across the country.

Recently the community launched a nationwide campaign called "Stop The CrISIS"
to provide a counter-narrative and tackle radicalization at its root. Not long
after, it launched a campaign dubbed "Meet A Muslim Family" to bridge the gap
between Muslims and the West. We are very lucky to live in a wonderful country
like Canada where our basic religious rights are upheld by governing bodies.

Islamophobia may be a problem in other countries, but I never thought it would
be a problem here in Canada.

But I'm starting to question that.

My hope is that we will see more examples like the people of Cold Lake, Alberta,
who helped Muslims clean their vandalized mosque. It is these examples that
truly make us Canadian.

And I want all of my fellow Canadians to know, as a Muslim, "I stand on guard
for thee."

Do you stand on guard for me?

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                            November 27, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

I stand on guard for you;
But a Muslim asks, 'Do you stand on guard for me?'

BYLINE: Jari Qudrat

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 613 words


"Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what
they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome."

Sadly, I think this eloquent vision of Rosa Parks has not yet come to fruition.

Whether we admit it or not, racism still exists.

Today, our society is plagued with a new form of racism that doesn't necessarily
marginalize potential due to skin colour, but rather faith and appearance.

In recent terms, this virus has been dubbed "Islamophobia".

Islamophobia in the West is dramatically increasing.

Recently, a man pushed a Muslim woman into an oncoming underground train in
London.

This innocent woman probably had less to do with the attacks in France than
anyone else.

She was hurt twice - once when innocent humans were attacked, and second when
she discovered the attacks were done in the name of her faith.

Islamophobia is a big deal, just like racism. When a recent race controversy
broke out in Florida, riots ensued, and people came out from all over. Why are
we not having the same outcry on Islamophobic incidents?

Immediately after the attack in Paris, as a Muslim youth I started to get
worried. I became worried about the possibility of Islamophobia rising in the
West. I felt assured, however - based on my understanding of our great Canadian
values, that none of these acts would happen in Canada.

Boy, was I mistaken!

A mosque in Peterborough was intentionally set ablaze, leaving up to $80,000 in
damage and, more importantly, risking the lives of innocent worshippers.

Next, an innocent Muslim woman in Toronto had her hijab ripped off and was
punched in the stomach.

I was in utter shock and disbelief at these acts of terror. To me it meant that
Islamophobia had struck Canadian soil.

Viral videos and cool campaigns only have a limited impact. But then what
exactly is the long-term solution to this growing phenomenon of Islamophobia?

The answer is simple. It's all about our character, our compassion and our
contribution to this great country.

This past week I've been canvassing for an interfaith conference that tackles
the root cause of extremism, and a student asked: "Why do people hate Muslims?
You guys are so nice and are just trying to make a positive change. I don't get
it."

Bingo.

In a sensitive time like today, when Islam is under attack - arguably under
attack by Muslims more than non-Muslims, considering the violence perpetrated by
ISIS - we must re-evaluate our character.

Let's take the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at in Canada for example. This is a Muslim
organization that has made countless positive contributions to this country by
hosting blood drives, food drives and social gatherings that provide ample
benefit all across the country.

Recently the community launched a nationwide campaign called "Stop The CrISIS"
to provide a counternarrative and tackle radicalization at its root. Not long
after, it launched a campaign dubbed "Meet A Muslim Family" to bridge the gap
between Muslims and the West. We are very lucky to live in a wonderful country
like Canada where our basic religious rights are upheld by governing bodies.

Islamophobia may be a problem in other countries, but I never thought it would
be a problem here in Canada.

But I'm starting to question that.

My hope is that we will see more examples like the people of Cold Lake, Alberta,
who helped Muslims clean their vandalized mosque. It is these examples that
truly make us Canadian.

And I want all of my fellow Canadians to know, as a Muslim, "I stand on guard
for thee."

Do you stand on guard for me?

Jari Qudrat is the director of external affairs at York University's World
Religions Conference and a part of the leadership team at Muslim Writers of
Canada.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Obama Administration's Hydraulic Fracturing Rule Will Marginalize Energy
Development On Federal Lands

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Natural Resources has issued the
following press release:

Today, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) under the Department of the Interior
released a long-anticipated and highly controversial finalized rule on hydraulic
fracturing and well construction on federal lands. Chairman Rob Bishop (UT-01)
released the following statement:

"I disagree with the underlying premise of this duplicative and nonsensical
rule.  What this Administration fails to understand or prefers to ignore, is
that states have been responsibly and effectively regulating energy development
for decades.

"Working under supervision of states, which have the geological expertise and
technical experience that the federal government lacks, hydraulic fracturing
coupled with directional drilling has unlocked the United States' vast energy
potential, catapulting our nation to become the number one producer of oil and
natural gas in the world. This success story is now being targeted by the Obama
Administration as its next victim of federal bureaucratic intrusion, even though
Secretary Sally Jewell and other top officials have attested to the safety of
the process.

"The BLM severely underestimates the added costs and delays that this rule will
cause by overlaying upon existing state regulations that have a proven record of
safety. Additionally, the state variance provision, how a state proves that they
already meet or exceed the specified criteria, demonstrates the duplicity of the
rule in the first place and will create an entanglement of bureaucracy
previously unseen in our nation's energy history.

"What's the result? Producers will be driven from federal lands. Energy
development on federal lands will be marginalized. Less money will flow into the
federal treasury. More local communities will be denied economic opportunities
associated with energy development, including funding for education.

"The Western states, where federal lands are found, will bear the brunt of this
anti-economic development rule, which is costumed as environmental protection.
My kids, who are still in school, and my neighbors' kids will be the victims as
they will have fewer and more expensive education opportunities, thanks to
diminished revenue for education. The Administration is once again clandestinely
picking winners and losers, and this rule is aimed squarely at the West.

"This rule is the latest notch in the President's coveted climate legacy, but it
is not good for the West and it is not good for our country."

The Committee on Natural Resources conducted major oversight in the 113th
Congress and passed legislation on this rule in the U.S. House of
Representatives. Learn more here. The Committee will be further reviewing this
rule in detail with the input of stakeholders and the concerns of Members of
Congress in both the House and Senate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Obama Administration's Hydraulic Fracturing Rule Will Marginalize Energy
Development On Federal Lands

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Natural Resources has issued the
following press release:

Today, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) under the Department of the Interior
released a long-anticipated and highly controversial finalized rule on hydraulic
fracturing and well construction on federal lands. Chairman Rob Bishop (UT-01)
released the following statement:

"I disagree with the underlying premise of this duplicative and nonsensical
rule.  What this Administration fails to understand or prefers to ignore, is
that states have been responsibly and effectively regulating energy development
for decades.

"Working under supervision of states, which have the geological expertise and
technical experience that the federal government lacks, hydraulic fracturing
coupled with directional drilling has unlocked the United States' vast energy
potential, catapulting our nation to become the number one producer of oil and
natural gas in the world. This success story is now being targeted by the Obama
Administration as its next victim of federal bureaucratic intrusion, even though
Secretary Sally Jewell and other top officials have attested to the safety of
the process.

"The BLM severely underestimates the added costs and delays that this rule will
cause by overlaying upon existing state regulations that have a proven record of
safety. Additionally, the state variance provision, how a state proves that they
already meet or exceed the specified criteria, demonstrates the duplicity of the
rule in the first place and will create an entanglement of bureaucracy
previously unseen in our nation's energy history.

"What's the result? Producers will be driven from federal lands. Energy
development on federal lands will be marginalized. Less money will flow into the
federal treasury. More local communities will be denied economic opportunities
associated with energy development, including funding for education.

"The Western states, where federal lands are found, will bear the brunt of this
anti-economic development rule, which is costumed as environmental protection.
My kids, who are still in school, and my neighbors' kids will be the victims as
they will have fewer and more expensive education opportunities, thanks to
diminished revenue for education. The Administration is once again clandestinely
picking winners and losers, and this rule is aimed squarely at the West.

"This rule is the latest notch in the President's coveted climate legacy, but it
is not good for the West and it is not good for our country."

The Committee on Natural Resources conducted major oversight in the 113th
Congress and passed legislation on this rule in the U.S. House of
Representatives. Learn more here. The Committee will be further reviewing this
rule in detail with the input of stakeholders and the concerns of Members of
Congress in both the House and Senate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              June 20, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Should Islamists have role in the Arab Spring?;
The United States should aim to incorporate, rather than marginalize, Muslim
political factions. Even so, in the end, reform is all about results.

BYLINE: Irena L. Sargsyan

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1266 words


The confluence of recent events in the Arab world  popular uprisings, political
upheavals and the emasculation of al-Qaeda  has put some in Washington in a
bind, with policymakers applauding the democratic sweep but nervous that
Islamist parties could gain power and subvert democratization. Indeed, the
Middle East's and North Africa's own recent history offers important reasons to
worry about the use of Islam in politics. But, as this history shows, the peril
during times of political turmoil is not simply that Islam is used to advance
extremist agendas, but that it is used to mask deficiencies in governance,
legitimacy and accountability.

The major concern for some in the United States is that Islamist parties  the
strongest opposition party in Egypt and a growing force in Tunisia  are
positioned to gain political power in the upcoming elections.

But Islamicization of politics is most likely to occur when a new government
fails to carry out its promises of political, economic and social reforms  not
when Islamist opposition parties run in elections. The failure to implement
reform results not only in the public's loss of confidence in the government,
but also in a rivalry between political factions and threatened regimes to use
religion as a source of legitimacy. Repression is often the next step.

Religion, a means to an end

In Sudan, for example, after the government failed to carry out reforms and
instead enforced Islamic law throughout the country during the early 1980s,
civil war resumed between Muslims in the north and non-Muslims in the south.
Army generals, who sought to strengthen their domestic positions in the wake of
Arab defeats in regional wars, pressured political leaders to continue
implementing harsh Islamic practices. Gen. Omar al-Bashir, a devout Islamist who
overthrew the democratically elected prime minister Sadiq al-Mahdi in a 1989
coup, has presided over the continuing Islamicization of Sudan.

Even staunchly secular regimes often turn to Islam to bolster their legitimacy
when repression proves insufficient to resolve a legitimacy crisis. Saddam
Hussein's attempts to suppress Iraq's Shiite population  most brutally in 1991
and again in 1999  delegitimized the Iraqi leader and his Baath Party. To gain
Shiite support, Saddam launched the so-called faith campaign in the 1990s. He
added quotes from the Quran to his public speeches, constructed lavish mosques,
banned the consumption of alcohol and ordered the inclusion of religious symbols
in the mass media.

In post-Saddam Iraq, Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki has had to contend with the
largest Islamist movement  headed by opposition leader Muqtada al-Sadr  which
delivers water, electricity and protection in impoverished areas of Iraq.  As
al-Maliki competes with  al-Sadr over the Sadrist popular base, he repeatedly
claims that he and his Dawa Party  founded by another member of the al-Sadr
family  are the legitimate voice of Islam.

As these examples show, leaders often use Islam as a political tool to avoid
reform, or when reform proves too difficult to implement. The same risk holds
true for countries transitioning to democratic systems of government. A case in
point is Algeria.

When Algeria won its independence from France in 1962, after eight years of
fighting, the socialist-oriented Front de Libration Nationale  came to power.
But its internecine rivalries and inability to manage Algeria's myriad problems
including high unemployment, rampant corruption, demographic pressures and
rising foreign debt  triggered popular uprisings. In 1988, the revolts
culminated in an event known as Black October  an uprising of Algerian youth
that was brutally suppressed by the country's armed forces. After hundreds of
protesters died and many Islamic activists were arrested (some were tortured),
the FLN and Algeria's politicized military lost the legitimacy that they had
earned in the war for independence.

"Islam is the solution" became the slogan in the country, and religious rather
than revolutionary credentials became the source of legitimacy. And after the
Front Islamique du Salut achieved significant electoral gains in 1990 and 1991,
the military obstructed elections, banned Islamist parties, installed a new
president and purged the FLN of all leaders in favor of democracy. Many
prominent FLN leaders, who had once criticized the idea that Islam should play a
part in government, abandoned socialism and invoked Islamist ideology to boost
their religious credibility.

What the U.S. can do

To preclude events that can derail democratization today, the United States
should help the states now in transition to foster democratic principles,
liberal institutions, vigorous civil societies, and respect for human rights and
civil liberties. The international community should provide resources and
training to promote healthy pluralistic governance, competitive elections and
political integration. Nascent political parties should be encouraged to become
as well-organized as some of their Islamist counterparts.

Islamist parties, in turn, should be included in the political process, so that
they can share responsibility for their country's successes and failures in
governance, defense and foreign affairs. Though some thinkers in U.S. foreign
policy circles urge the sequestering of Islamists  such as the Muslim
Brotherhood in Egypt  this approach will ultimately backfire.

When Islamist groups are marginalized as the opposition, they become a viable
channel for expressing political dissent and popular grievances. Case in point:
Hamas. As long as Palestinian Hamas was an opposition movement, its political
appeal continued to grow, enabling its electoral victory in 2006. But Hamas'
failure to govern effectively has led to a steady decline in its popularity.

Equally important, the United States should not conflate moderate mainstream
Islamist political parties with Islamist fundamentalists. To equate the two is
not only imperceptive but consequential as well. The moderates support
socioeconomic reform and the prevention of terrorism; many also endorse
democratic governance. The fundamentalists are a minority, significantly less
popular in countries with strong national and Arab identities. Distinguishing
between moderates and fundamentalists would prevent new regimes in the Middle
East and North Africa from resorting to repressive survival strategies in the
name of fighting an Islamist threat  which is how many of their predecessors
stayed in power.

Recent developments in the Middle East and North Africa have produced an
unprecedented opening for change that will not last. The international community
has both the opportunity and the responsibility to facilitate transformation in
the countries that seek democratization. This historic moment  the Arab Spring
is no time for inaction.

If history is any guide, the use of Islam in the political arena might not be a
sign that countries such as Egypt or Tunisia are adopting more extremist
agendas, but that their governments are incapable of fulfilling the promises
they made to their people.

The Obama administration, the U.S. Congress and, indeed, the international
community should remain focused on each country in transition, recalibrate old
policies toward the region and take concrete, meaningful actions to support
democratization now.

A failure to do so would disillusion millions of hopeful souls in the Middle
East and North Africa  as well as create more instability in the world.

Irena L. Sargsyan is a research analyst at the Saban Center for Middle East
Policy at the Brookings Institution.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo MOHAMMED HUWAIS By Mohammed Huwais, AFP/Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: THE FORUM

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Down on her luck, and her family seems to pile on

BYLINE: Carolyn Hax;CAROLYN HAX

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 414 words


It's impossible for me to discern whether your brother and his wife have helped
to marginalize you as "loser/spinster," or whether that's your doing alone. But
if they look down on you for being single or getting laid off, or if they are
raising an entitled or contemptuous child, then life for them isn't "just
grand."

I feel compelled to point out the obvious, that a healthy income doesn't make
your brother and his wife good or admirable people; healthy priorities do.
Letting their kid go uncorrected when he fails to treat an adult relative with
courtesy and respect would mean their priorities are suspect at best, as would
treating you as anything less than the equal you are.

How your family treats you may seem like a subordinate issue to the jealousy,
but your jealousy is just a symptom of your dying sense of self-worth. The way
they treat you will tell you what demon you must slay to revive it - a personal
one, where you feel inferior despite your family's support and enlightened
values, or a family-culture one, where lifting yourself up means walking away
from a familial value system where trappings pass for success.

A personal battle is one best launched in your doctor's office, with a screening
for depression. Even with a known situational explanation like joblessness, a
low mood can give way to clinical depression.

For a cultural battle, start by identifying those who would undermine your
progress, and work to minimize both their presence in and impact on your life.
It's not easy to break familial habits (that might just hold up as my
understatement of 2011), especially while living in their petri dish of origin,
but force the issue anyway, and here's why: You need you to have your back for
the next step.

That step is to search out and stick to, deliberately and with the same urgency
as you're seeking a job, a sense of purpose that doesn't lie in an employer's
control.

It doesn't matter whether it's to help the needy or create beauty or get in
shape or learn a skill or promote a cause or clean up a neighborhood park; what
matters is that you and/or the world will be better for your having done it.
Push, improve, repeat.

When you see value in your contribution - vs. compensation - you'll feel more
control and less envy. And when a 10-year-old tries to knock you, you'll be more
inclined to think, if not actually say, "Talk to me when you grow up."

Write to Tell Me About It, Style, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071, or
tellme@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             April 25, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 941 words


Controlling Bush

The Bush administration is negotiating new security agreements with Iraq with no
intention of submitting these agreements to the Senate, as required by the
Constitution. H.R. 5626 would prevent the administration from agreeing to a
long-term military presence in Iraq without the approval of Congress.

This legislation is necessary because the Bush administration intends to
complete an agreement with the Iraqi government before July 31. Members of
Congress from both political parties believe these commitments would lock the
next administration into a long-term security agreement with Iraq.

Failure to challenge the administration's view that this agreement does not
require congressional approval could marginalize the role of Congress in making
treaties and authorizing the use of armed force. Congress should pass H.R. 5626
immediately and call the Bush administration to account for its actions.

ROBERT VIGGIANO

viggiano_rp@yahoo.com

Georgetown

Lots of trouble

The April 6 article "Hazardous waste fuels Travis' scrap with landfill"
addresses the ongoing battle between Travis County officials and the landfill
operators. I own property immediately joining the landfill on Blue Goose Road,
and this dispute has been going on long enough.

My land, adjacent to the BFI Waste Systems landfill, is worthless. Who wants to
be next to a 75-foot mound with buried hazardous waste?

The April 7 article "City's land may be used for RV park for homeless" bore news
about an RV park on Harold Court, with impacts another lot I own on the same
"street." The only problem is, the lot is land-locked with no street access.

Though I've paid taxes on this lot for more years than I care to remember, I
don't receive any of the city's services - no water or sewage, garbage pickup or
police protection.

I can't win for losing.

ROGER JOSEPH

Austin

No proper notice

Property owners who live next to the proposed homeless RV park received no
written notice of this idea. This is

classism at its best.

This little neighborhood of mostly Hispanic and African Americans of limited
means is one of the few remaining pockets where someone of such means can raise
a family in Austin. This one slipped under the radar because the people who live
there are not exactly political insiders.

The majority of the homeless are either drug or alcohol abusers or mentally ill.
I am wondering why the Austin City Council felt that a poor, at-risk population
is the community that should bear the cross for another population in need.

DENA D. DAVIS

dena@investinaustin.com

Austin

The Smithville celebs

Since when did shacking up become known as being "domestically allied" (April 9
Newsmaker "Spacek pays call on Smithville)?

KIM WHITE

Austin

What about Darfur?

What exactly makes the situation of the people of Tibet more protest-worthy than
the hundreds of thousands who have died in Sudan or the millions who have died
in the Democratic Republic of the Congo?

If only people in Africa facing genocide had a public relations expert like the
Dalai Lama, maybe those so concerned might turn their attention to them. Is this
another example of symbolism over substance?

I fear it is, and millions are dying while brave, concerned people hold concerts
and hang banners over Tibet.

CARL SWANSON

austin.carl@hotmail.com

Austin

Outsourcing and jobs

There should be a plank in the platforms of the presidential candidates that
would address the large corporations outsourcing jobs to foreign countries and
then closing facilities in the United States.

Make it unprofitable for these corporations to do this. The outsourced goods
they manufacture should be taxed to the extent the commodities would not be
profitable. Large American corporations have gotten so greedy for the almighty
dollar that they do not treat their fellow Americans fairly.

This should prevent lost jobs and the closing of manufacturing plants across our
country. We could have better control of the materials used in the finished
products and fewer foreign products, and there would be less unemployment.

B. J. PLILER

Austin

We'll drink to that...

Re: April 20 article "Bottled water's problems surfacing."

I'll stop drinking bottled water and switch to drinking tap water as soon as the
city stops putting fluoride in our water supplies.

BEN AIKEN

benaiken79@yahoo.com

Austin

Bottled water is exorbitantly more expensive than tap water, and the plastic
bottles, if not recycled, create tons of waste that takes up space in landfills.

Austin residents can be very comfortable in forgoing bottled water and drinking
from the tap. Our drinking water surpasses national and state standards for
water quality. The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality rates Austin's
water as "superior water quality."

Additionally, Forbes magazine recently designated Austin as having the
second-cleanest tap water in the nation.

DARYL SLUSHER

Austin Water Utility

Environmental Affairs

and Conservation

Austin

It is interesting that Pamela LeBlanc refers to Austin as "a city considered on
the forefront of the green movement." It's more like a day late and a dollar
short. Why don't we have a deposit on plastic bottles?

I arise before 6 a.m. and see the city skyline lit up. For whom? Why must our
buildings be aglow from midnight to 6 a.m.?

Also, we need to do something about drive-throughs. Talk about an unnecessary
carbon footprint. Turn off the engine and walk inside. Lord knows you could use
the exercise. Oops, there's another myth about Austin.

To be on the forefront, you have to come up with new ideas, not ones that have
been around for years but no one wanted to use because they didn't want to be
inconvenienced.

JAMES OBERKROM

JCOberkrom@att.net

Austin

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      APRIL 13, 2003 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Postwar U.N. may have less influence

BYLINE: Dick Polman INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUNDAY REVIEW; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1301 words


The United Nations, which was created "to save succeeding generations from the
scourge of war," is a potential casualty of the latest war.

It will continue to run its humanitarian programs and ruminate on the great
issues. But the Bush administration and its supporters, still smarting over the
U.N. refusal to officially bless the war in Iraq, have essentially declared that
in a new world policed by American power, the United Nations won't be a player
and should be consigned to the ash heap of history.

In the words of former Republican Party official Clifford May, now president of
a Washington think tank, there are "five things grownups should no longer
believe in: Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, Tinker Bell, the United Nations, and
the 'international community.' "

The U.N. bashers aren't disturbed in the least by President Bush's declaration
the other day that the United Nations should play a "vital" role in postwar
Iraq, because they know that Bush's definition of "vital" (humanitarian aid) is
far narrower than the internationalist definition (the United Nations as chief
administrator). And because they agree with Bush that the victor in war should
write the rules.

But opponents of a Pax Americana contend that if Bush allows the Pentagon to
marginalize the United Nations and run postwar Iraq by itself - the blueprint,
at least for the next six months - it will confirm the widely held suspicion
(outside U.S. borders, anyway) that the goal all along has been to make the
world safe for U.S. interests.

France, Germany and Russia - all of whom opposed the U.S. war - are making that
case, and they aren't the only ones. Tony Judt, who runs the internationalist
Remarque Institute at New York University, said that the United States can't win
the peace without taking on international partners, and that the United Nations
must be a crucial player in that endeavor.

He said: "Maybe we've leveraged down the United Nations' image so badly in this
country that we can't ever bring it back up. But without the U.N., America cuts
itself off from the rest of the world. Sure, the 'international community' is
something of a myth, but some myths are necessary. It's a way to aspire to
something. If we didn't have the myth of the United Nations, we'd probably have
to create it."

The national polls indicate that, while most Americans generally support the
United Nations in principle, they're increasingly swayed by Bush's view that the
United States should call the shots in postwar Iraq. Pollsters say that, beyond
the impending military victory, most Americans seem willing to follow the
President's lead on how to win the peace.

May said that Bush "isn't going to go back to the United Nations for anything,
except maybe to ask them to get him sandwiches from the corner deli. The United
Nations can't be a managing partner in Iraq. It can come and hand out cookies
and bandages.

"This isn't about payback. This is simply about the United Nations' bad track
record. It has failed at peacekeeping in Haiti, Kosovo, Bosnia and East Timor.
It has never been effective in combating terrorism, or enforcing human rights.
How could it? The country that chairs its human-rights committee is Libya."

Bush is hardly the first president to attack the United Nations. During the
'90s, President Bill Clinton's people did the same thing, upbraiding the
organization for its massive, inefficient and corrupt bureaucracy. At one point,
during its peacekeeping efforts in Somalia, nearly $4 million vanished from the
U.N. office in Mogadishu; investigators called it an inside job.

Clinton's U.N. delegate, Madeleine K. Albright, complained in 1995 that the
United Nations was like "a business with 185 members of board . . . each with a
brother-in-law who is unemployed." (And while Bush's critics fault him for
bypassing the Security Council, Clinton did it, too, when he bombed Iraq in 1998
and put troops in Kosovo in 1999.)

Even U.N. defender Judt said: "There is a huge amount of waste. They tend to
spread their goodies and contracts around. These difficulties have to be
addressed."

Critics also argue that the U.N.'s recent performance - failing to enforce 17
resolutions calling for Iraq's disarmament - typifies its historically
risk-averse behavior. A young journalist named John F. Kennedy, writing in 1945
and feeling "disappointed and somewhat betrayed" by the United Nations' first
session, even predicted that it would be undercut by "the timidity and
selfishness" of its members.

By the time it bought land on the East River in 1946, with money from John D.
Rockefeller Jr., it was already hamstrung by Cold War tensions, and in the
ensuing decades, it has sanctioned only two inter-state conflicts (Korea,
because the Soviets were absent at the time of a crucial vote, and the first
Gulf War).

Yet despite this track record, and the long-standing Republican hostility to the
United Nations (bashing the world body has been popular with GOP audiences for
years), Bush gave it prime responsibility for postwar Afghanistan in 2001. At
the time, he said, "I believe that the United Nations could provide the
framework" and "take over the so-called nation-building."

Why was he willing to do that?

Gary Schmitt, a former Reagan administration intelligence expert and current
U.N. foe, said: "To be ugly about it, the Bush people didn't want to deal with
that tribal situation - and they knew that Iraq was coming down the road. They
wanted to save on manpower. They knew that doing [postwar] Afghanistan and Iraq
was going to stretch them too much."

But Marina Ottaway, a pro-U.N. foreign policy analyst in Washington, said that
Bush, by tapping the Pentagon as the initial architect of postwar Iraq, risks
alienating the neighboring countries that still view the United Nations, and not
America, as a legitimizing moral authority.

"You can't build a new Iraq at gunpoint," she said. "The U.S. wants to keep
control, but, at the same time, it will be under enormous pressure to show it is
not an occupying force. That means it could move too quickly - to pick new Iraqi
officials who may not have credibility [among the masses]. The only way out is
to turn to the United Nations."

Schmitt rejected that argument: "The priority is to transform Iraq and push
democratic reforms at ground level. The United Nations, with its 'moral
authority,' would screw that up. It's inevitable that we [Americans] will rile
the other countries, no question about it. But if the President is to be
believed, this is just something we've all got to face. Any policy has its
downside."

May said, "The idea that the U.S. should apologize to the Arabs for liberating
Iraq, or that we need to make the Arab 'street' feel better about itself by
rebuilding the grandeur of the United Nations - that isn't sensible.

"Republicans have intuitively felt that the United Nations was increasingly
trying to rein in American power, looking for ways to tie down Gulliver, and
this was borne out by the [Iraq] episode. . . . All the more reason that, if
we're really going to help the Iraqi people, the United Nations needs to play a
secondary role."

Is that the United Nations' future, to do America's bidding? The organization
itself is unclear how to proceed; U.N. sources said privately the other day
that, while they want to aid the suffering Iraqi citizens, they don't want to
give their implicit blessing to a U.S.-backed government that might be viewed by
other nations as illegitimate.

Judt said: "The United Nations has to find a way to establish itself as a
necessary nuisance, and hope that the Bush administration is smart enough not to
say, 'Go to hell.' That may be a Promethean task."

Contact Dick Polman at 215-854-4430 or dpolman@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
MISHA JAPARIDZE, Associated Press
Russian President Vladimir V. Putin, flanked by French President Jacques Chirac
(left) and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, calls for the U.N. to take the
lead in the reconstruction of Iraq. The leaders spoke Friday in St. Petersburg.
GREGORY BULL, Associated Press
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan speaks to the Security Council. Americans
increasingly believe the U.N. should yield to the U.S. on running postwar Iraq.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 10, 2002 Tuesday Home Edition

A chance for irony in runoffs

BYLINE: JIM WOOTEN

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 671 words


Thinking Right, bonus edition, runoff election special:

* Today's runoff may bring a deliciously amusing outcome to the funsters'
political game. 'Tis mostly forgotten now, but when the state House of
Representatives was redistricted following the 1990 census, state Rep. Billy
McKinney had a few Cobb County precincts drawn into his Fulton House district.
Why? Because representing one voter in another county entitles the
representative to a voice, and a caucus vote, on that county's local
legislation. It was a fun game by Democratic pranksters to insert the noisy
McKinney into the politics of Republican Cobb.

A decade later, those precincts were expanded as part of the computer-generated
effort to marginalize the other party's voters. But now the possible irony:
Those south Cobb voters may well cause his defeat.

* Runoffs are a Southern thing. I love 'em and would keep them forever. Runoffs
guarantee that the winner has majority support. But isn't it a bit curious that
Georgia has eliminated runoffs in some general election races, but vigorously
maintains and preserves them for primaries? There's an explanation.

The good-ol' boys have cleverly spread blacks throughout much of the state so
that incumbents face no serious challenge from either a black Democrat or any
Republican. By putting Democratic-voting black populations of 25 to 38 percent
in legislative districts, incumbents protect themselves two ways.

The trick, though, is to maintain primary runoffs. Otherwise, racial voting in
the Democratic primary could be bad news for the incumbent.

When the late U.S. Sen. Paul Coverdell defeated U.S. Sen. Wyche Fowler in a 1986
runoff, Democrats under the Gold Dome rewrote the rules to eliminate general
election runoffs under certain conditions. Always clever at stacking the deck to
engineer outcomes, these monopolists.

* Women are everywhere in politics now. But I must admit an affection for those
who were out front when times were tougher for them. One of those is Joyce
Stevens, who served as the GOP's executive director in 1981 and 1982 and who
carried the party's banner in a race for Public Service Commission in 1984.
She's now running for the state Senate in a district that spans Gwinnett,
Walton, Barrow, Forsyth and Hall counties.

Stevens is one of those steady supporters who has been on the front lines
helping to build a two-party Georgia for a long time --- during which time she
has amply demonstrated a capacity to work with others for the conservative
cause.

* In Vernadette Ramirez Broyles, Republicans have a chance to nominate a
superbly qualified candidate for secretary of state and to send a message of
inclusion to an emerging Latino constituency. In a show of support that is
undoubtedly a first, three incumbent congressmen, gubernatorial nominee Sonny
Perdue, the state House and Senate minority leaders, Nancy Coverdell and the
George W. Bush leadership team sent an endorsement of Ramirez Broyles to primary
voters.

There's little hope of breaking through to core constituencies of the Democratic
Party, but entrepreneurial immigrants should be drawn to the conservative's
message. Nationally, the Latino proportion of the electorate has increased 133
percent in the past two decades, compared with 19 percent for the overall
electorate, observes Harry P. Pachon, a professor at Claremont Graduate
University in California.

He's found that to make a 1 percent change in elections statewide, it takes only
3.6 percent of Latino voters in California, 2.7 percent in Texas, 1.7 percent in
New Mexico and 4.4 percent in Florida.

Georgia is a state evenly divided, Democratic and Republican. When the GOP can
get and advance a first-rate conservative minority candidate, it should rally
'round. Ramirez Broyles, a former prosecutor, was a national spokesperson for
the president's faith-based initiative.

Jim Wooten is associate editorial page editor. His column appears Tuesdays,
Fridays and Sundays.

jwooten@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

A Vigorous Press

SECTION: OPINION; A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 684  words


A Vigorous Press

On Feb. 17, Donald Trump tweeted that the nation's news media "is the enemy of
the American people." President Trump has referred to the media as the
"opposition party" to his administration, and he has blamed news organizations
for stalling his agenda.

I want to publicly state my support for a free and vigorous American press.

This is a deal breaker for me. I don't care who it is that says this. They could
be left of Bernie Sanders, and I would still object.

It is just appalling to me that Republicans are not objecting to this statement.
Not only are they not objecting, but Trump's chief of staff, Reince Priebus,
supported Trump's statement about the press being the enemy of the American
people and said that Trump means it.

This just has to be the most radical thing a sitting president can say in a
democracy. How Trump could say this repeatedly and not be held to account for
this statement?

Paul Cipriano, Windsor

Speak Out

Readers' letters to The Hartford Courant have been filled with outrage about
tactics by the current president to marginalize critics and dismay about how to
respond to such attacks. The demonization of supposed enemies has been done by
other narcissists throughout history as a way to solidify political power.
Attacks on the press and the judiciary could represent only the first in a
number of serious assaults to democracy. If those attacks are successful in
muzzling opposition, aggression against legislators - and eventually any critics
- soon will follow.

Because our elected officials in Washington, D.C., are Democrats, they have
already experienced such marginalization. One way to stop this dangerous trend
is to urge friends and relatives in other states to contact their (especially
Republican) congressional representatives and demand that they speak out
strongly and repeatedly against these efforts. Ensuring freedom of the press and
independence of the three branches of government transcends political
affiliation.

George J. Allen, Storrs

States Should Be Heard

I am opposed to the Connecticut General Assembly passing bills that would adopt
"the interstate compact to elect the president of the United States by national
popular vote."

The United States of America is composed of 50 sovereign states. I don't vote
for the congressional members who represent other states, and I do not want
citizens in other states to determine the vote of Connecticut's Electoral
College delegates.

The Electoral College system is not perfect, but it assures that every state has
influence in the national election for the president of the United States.
States agreeing to award electoral college votes for president by the national
popular vote, rather than by their individual state vote, may be in compliance
with the Electoral College, but this new scheme will increase the influence of a
small number of the most populous states to the detriment to 45 of so less
populous states. The 50 states are diverse, and the individual Electoral College
votes of each state provide the mechanism to recognize that diversity in
national elections.

William Marcarelli, Southington

Electoral College Needed

Why do some Democratic legislators want to take away our right to vote for
president of the United States [Dec. 27, 2016, courant.com, "More States
Consider Working Around The Electoral College"]?

There is a proposal to require our electors to the Electoral College to vote for
the candidate for president who wins the national popular vote. Unfortunately,
this misguided proposal is receiving some support. If this happens, our votes
won't count. The current system works because the electors represent the state's
votes. I don't want them to represent the nation's votes or another state's
votes.

Yes, I know that lots of Democrats are upset that we have President Donald
Trump, but the proposal would not have changed anything because the state's
electors, representing our state's vote, voted for Hillary Clinton. This is a
purely political proposal and it's very destructive. I call on our legislators
to preserve our right to vote.

David Lyon, Willimantic

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 6, 2001 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Where is the left?

BYLINE: Penelope Purdy ,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-09

LENGTH: 779 words


America needs its political left as the country decides how to  fight terrorism,
but sadly the left is relegating itself to the  realm of the irrelevant.

It's not that the U.S. left is silent. There are protests  against bombing
Afghanistan, claims that our violent response  begets more violence, and cries
against using the military for a  criminal justice objective - namely, the
capture of Osama bin  Laden and others responsible for the Sept. 11 massacres.

Admittedly, the Bush administration is still cobbling  together an ad hoc
strategy, and its prototype is ungainly and  flawed. The trouble is, the left
hasn't offered a realistic  alternative. Just when effective political
opposition is needed to  guard against group-think and atavistic McCarthyism,
the left has  managed to marginalize itself.

For example, bin Laden long has been under federal indictment  for bombing U.S.
embassies in Africa, yet the U.S. has never found  a way to arrest him. So
scratch the idea that the criminal justice  system alone can corral global
terrorism. It'll take smart  diplomacy, a long-term commitment and,
unfortunately, military might.

As to the idea we shouldn't respond with force: In their  writings and speeches,
al-Qaeda's chiefs repeatedly have called  for slaughtering Americans. If we
didn't bloody al-Qaeda's nose,  other terrorists worldwide would assume they,
too, could force the  United States to retreat by massacring Americans. Far from

  preventing violence, failure to defend ourselves would invite  future mayhem.

That leaves the matter of the bombing of Afghanistan. It's a  common military
tactic to protect your own foot soldiers by first  destroying the enemy's big
guns through aerial bombing or with  on-the-ground artillery. If the Pentagon
neglected this  fundamental protective move, thousands of U.S. troops would come

  home in body bags - and then my fellow liberals would berate  military leaders
for needlessly squandering American lives. Nobody  likes the bombing, but what's
the alternative?

There is a legitimate, nearly universal grief for civilian  deaths. But even if
the United States were entirely out of the  picture, Afghanistan's people would
still suffer horribly, because  nearly six years of Taliban rule has brought the
central Asian  nation nothing but hunger, despair and deprivation.   Last
winter,  thousands of Afghans died from cold and starvation while trying to
flee into Pakistan - and it was the Taliban's ruthless rule, not  American
bombs, driving them from their homes. Where was the  world's righteous
indignation then?

For a year and a half, several thousand Afghan refugees have  huddled on a small
island on the river dividing Afghanistan from  Tajikistan, a former Soviet
republic. Although most of these  refugees are ethnic Tajiks, the Tajikistan
government won't let  them cross the border. The island has no shelter, food or
sanitary  facilities, so refugees have survived (barely) thanks only to
international aid groups. Yet the bash-America-first crowd doesn't  mention this
horror, since U.S. bombs didn't cause it.

Arguably, Afghan women are far worse off with the Taliban,  under whose rule
they aren't allowed to work, can't send their  daughters over age 8 to school,
but can be beaten for laughing or  listening to music. At least in Pakistan's
refuge camps, they and  their children can get fed, their daughters can get
educated and  they can giggle and sing as they please.

The Taliban's fall from power could be a very good thing for  the Afghan people,
yet bringing about that change will take a  bloody fight. Protesters who think
America shouldn't scrape its  knuckles in the process expect the impossible.

But because the U.S. left isn't offering effective foreign  policy options, it
undermines it own credibility about truly  alarming develop-ments on the home
front. Contrary to popular  notion (fed by a lazy press and opportunistic
politicians),  several of the most troubling provisions in the recently passed
anti-terrorism law will NOT expire in four years. What we've done  to ourselves
in panic could haunt us long after bin Laden's corpse  is rotting.   American
liberals should be screaming about how a  very conservative Bush government is
using national fear to shred  our basic freedoms. But unless it offers realistic
alternatives to  war with al-Qaeda, the American left will be stranded,
whimpering,  on the sidelines.

Penelope Purdy (ppurdy@denverpost.com) is a member of The Denver  Post editorial
board.

LOAD-DATE: November 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 2, 1993, Sunday

Your views on the 'underclass' Minimum wage no help

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER SERB Atlantahomeless; employment; books; blacks;
publications; government; families; conditions; colleges; educations; civil;
rights; social; reform; lifestyles; opinion

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Section G; Page 2

LENGTH: 2149 words


As a homeless advocate and an employment counselor for people whom he
categorizes as "underclass," I take issue with many of Myron Magnet's
statements, assumptions, and ideas in his book.

Mr. Magnet offers certain solutions to solving the problems of the underclass,
problems which range from welfare dependency to drug abuse to teenage pregnancy.
He describes a "recipe" for escaping the cycle of perpetual poverty: "finish
high school, get and keep any full-time, full- year job, get married and stay
married." Seemingly sound advice.

But external influences in the "underclass" communities prevent many from
fulfilling as much as one "ingredient" of this recipe.

As for his claim that "income from full-time, full-year work at the minimum wage
is enough to support a single person," such a job, without benefits, sick leave
or paid vacation yields $ 8,840 per year - before taxes, Social Security, or
other deductions. This is not enough to lead a stable lifestyle, raise a family,
or make a clean break from poverty. As for the contention that "the underclass
works little," the Task Force for the Homeless estimates that around 40 percent
of homeless people, a significant part of Mr. Magnet's "underclass," work at
least part time.

Mr. Magnet's book, or at least the excerpts you included, only perpetuates
stereotypes, marginalizes an oppressed class, and furthers a "blame the victim"
philosophy. What we need is real change, based on the cooperation of underclass
people and businesses, and government change aimed at creating good jobs and
housing, dealing with drugs, alcohol and crime, bettering public education,
reforming welfare and restoring hope.

If we don't take these steps, there will be, as the title of your article
suggests, "No Escape for the Underclass."

Deck stacked against poor

The segments of Myron Magnet's book characterize the late '80s as a time of
"red-hot job creation," but decry the reluctance of numerous African-American
males to join the work force. The author appears to attribute this failure to
cultural rather than economic causes. Mr. Magnet's viewpoint needs to be nuanced
to avoid perpetuating negative racial misconceptions and stereotypes.

More than 18 million jobs were indeed created during the '80s. Frequently,
however, the inner-city underclass did not live in areas where the new jobs
existed. The focus of Mr. Magnet's book are principally African-Americans living
in five large cities. To maintain a balanced understanding of his treatment, one
must remember that the incidence of those living below the poverty level rose
steadily during the '80s, reaching some 34 million, forming an increased
national underclass of those unable to recoup from the traumatizing effects of
foreclosed farms, layoffs in the oil industry, closed mines and steel mills, the
closing and moving of countless businesses and industries to low-wage areas in
the United States and abroad, and many rural Southerners living in the nation's
poorest counties.

The extracts convey the impression that a high school education is an extremely
important factor in enabling the urban underclass to escape the chronic cycle of
poverty. Agreed! But weighty reasons for many to drop out abound: lack of role
models who have graduated and are able to help; deteriorating schools whose
curricula seem unrealistic to minority teenagers; home environments unsuitable
for study; and availability of money through crime, among others.

The private sector, including religious groups, and all levels of government,
must invest human and economic resources to revitalize and transform inner
cities.

REV. JOSEPH A. FAHY

Leadership must speak out

I suspect many had already come to the same conclusions [as the article] but
political correctness prevented anyone from saying so.

The war-on-poverty legislation and other Lyndon Johnson-era programs have proven
to be disastrous, especially to inner-city blacks. In spite of this, I don't
remember any black leader (except Muslims) who really wanted to do anything
about it. Even in the face of this evidence the black leadership remains silent
on the subject of personal responsibility.

Whites can't say the welfare state is poison for blacks without sounding racist.
Only blacks can make that statement. But as long as black leaders continue to
hide behind cliches of race as their excuse for not trying, non-whites from
India and the Orient will continue to pass them by. If blacks themselves don't
seek a reversal, they could one day find themselves in a majority non-white
United States and still be the permanent underclass.

TOM MARTIN McDonough

Let's get some real insight

Please, tell us something we don't know! I suggest that if you really wanted to
illumine the problem of the black underclass you would do better to excerpt
either "Two Nations: Black and White, Separate, Hostile and Unequal," by Andrew
Hacker or "The Promised Land: The Great Black Migration and How It Changed
America," by Nicholas Lemann.

And while you're at it, for some real insight into the beginning of it all,
excerpt Frances Anne Kemble: "Journal of a residence on a Georgian Plantation,
1838-1839."

Mr. Magnet's book seems superficial and merely contributes to an increasing
paranoia and sense of superiority among whites. By the way, I'm white - thank
goodness! I wouldn't have the stamina to be black.

BETSY BEAN Acworth

Government is to blame

Failed government programs, not the upper class, are responsible for "the
underclass and the homeless." It is time to realize that throwing money at
society's problems through affirmative action, forced busing, welfare, etc. is
not the way to solve anything.

The underclass does not need sympathy and handouts. They need education, jobs,
and a new attitude that they, not government, must take care of themselves.

CARTER K. JOHNSON Warner Robins

Where are the parents?

I'm a 29-year-old black married man who grew up in the ghetto. I feel
"underclass" problems can be traced to lack of parenting. The misconception has
not changed . . . Parents think it's a teacher's job to educate and give
parental guidance at school. Recently I asked a young woman who lives in the
"underclass": "At what age do you think your 3- year-old begins to learn?" She
replied, "When he starts school." It bothers me that in 1993 only the faces have
changed in my old neighborhood, with no one addressing the real problems . . .
the mindset of these people. I know it's hard to break these chains, but with
love, understanding and compassion, I believe mountains can be moved.

MACK THOMAS Atlanta

Must take responsibility

What is behind the attitude of black students attending some of the country's
finest universities who feel they are being "oppressed"? The answer lies, I
believe, in how these students fare academically against their non-black
counterparts.

Their attitudes are indicative of those held by most blacks. Its roots lie in
the post-civil rights philosophy that any adversity faced by blacks can be
attributed to racism.

Keeping society convinced that they deserve special treatment would be a much
harder sell if not for the existence of the black underclass. Blacks paint
themselves as monolithic (declaring all to be "African American" for example) to
allow the multi-generation college graduate to claim the plight of the
multi-generation welfare recipient.

The statistics of the underclass are then available as proof that they are
victims of racism. With this premise established, we are free to argue that we
are never responsible for our own shortcomings. The result is that many of us
are just not responsible.

ARCHIE K. HOLLIS Decatur

Give kids encouragement

Telling half the truth is not telling the truth at all. For Myron Magnet to say
that the civil rights revolution is a failure is not an absolute truth. Unless I
am blind, many black families enjoy a far better life than any black families
did when I was a child.

Even so, a large black underclass remains for three reasons: drugs, poor
parenting, and bigotry from both whites and blacks. It is difficult, if not
impossible, for black children to acquire self-confidence when both white and
black families look down on them, withhold praise and encouragement and fail to
teach them good values and skills.

MARGARET CURTIS Atlanta

Rebuild our communities

One cannot disagree with Myron Magnet's description of the poor. Anyone who
works with them has heard this too often. But what can be more helpful is to
understand the cause of these attitudes in a different way.

Attitudes, or morality, if you will, reflect the community in which people live.
A cohesive community will result in community-oriented values. A community with
no closeness will result in individual values.

In this country in the last 30 years, there has been a persistent breakdown in
our communities. This is true in suburbia. It is most true in our ghettoes. It
has been caused by the necessity of bringing our large black population into the
mainstream; by our mobility; by technology that connects us to one another but
at the distance of a telephone, TV set, radio or car. It is caused by the sexual
and feminist revolutions which greatly disturbed our living patterns. So we have
dispossessed people, soaring crime rates, broken marriages, a widespread drug
culture and the breakdown of community.

In the ghettoes, it is most of these causes plus others. Our cities experienced
white flight in the '60s as public schools desegregated. Then there was black
flight in the '70s as housing opened to all races. Finally, in the '80s there
was government flight.

The result was a vacuum in poverty neighborhoods. Into that vacuum rushed
violence, crime, drugs and hopelessness.

The answer to these problems is that we must rebuild our communities - in the
suburbs, to be sure, but mostly in the poverty areas. If the underclass knows
the larger community is caring for them rather than abandoning them, they will
again be part of a community. They will have real hope. And their attitudes will
no longer be self-defeating.

REV. WOODY BARTLETT

'Myth' inhibits many

I was happy to see The Journal-Constitution use "underclass" to describe
individuals whose poverty is rooted in lawlessness, substance abuse, non-work
and out-of-wedlock birth.

For more than two decades, liberals have stifled debate on this issue by
accusing those who believe that many wounds of the ghetto are self-inflicted of
racism or of "blaming the victim." But as drive-by- shootings, crack-addicted
babies, and other inner-city horrors become too painful to ignore, even liberals
are breaking ranks. In his book, "The Truly Disadvantaged," the eminent black,
liberal sociologist William J. Wilson writes that ". . . one cannot deny there
is a heterogeneous grouping of inner-city families and individuals whose
behavior contrasts sharply with that of mainstream America. The real challenge
is not only to explain why this is so, but also to explain why the behavior
patterns in the inner city today differ so markedly from those of only three or
four decades ago."

In the past two decades, educated blacks have made great strides and have begun
to participate in nearly all aspects of society. Mr. Wilson remarks that "The
number of blacks in professional, technical, managerial, and administrative
positions increased by 57 percent from 1973 to 1982, while the number of whites
in such positions increased by only 36 percent." The number of blacks living in
the suburbs has increased from less than 5 percent in 1976 to 27 percent today.

In the inner city, however, conditions have deteriorated. In the early 1960s,
Daniel Moynihan was concerned about the future of the black family because one
of every four black babies was born out of wedlock. Today, that rate in many
inner-cities is 80 percent. The experiences of Atlanta schools reveal that if
inner-city children are failing it is not because of lack of opportunity.
Atlanta spent $ 5,610 per pupil in 1990- 91, nearly 45 percent more than Cobb
and Gwinnett counties spent on their students. Nevertheless, Atlanta students do
poorly on standardized measures of academic achievement.

The liberal explanation for the underclass is that it exists because of economic
changes in our society and racism.All non-white groups in America have
experienced poverty and discrimination. However, some, such as most Orientals
and West Indian blacks, have done well, while other groups, notably native
Americans and American-born blacks, have fared poorly. The black journalist
William Raspberry has written that black Americans are in need of a new "myth"
that emphasizes their ability to have control over their lives to supplant the
"myth" of an all-powerful white racism, which inhibits many blacks from taking
advantage of the opportunities that do exist.

STUART GALISHOFF Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931420045

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                                 Final EDITION

NAACP ringing with clear voice under Barber's direction

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 381  words


This editorial appeared in The Daily Reflector of Greenville.

Halfway through this year's Black History Month, the state's NAACP is
aggressively choosing its battles and not letting insignificant trees obscure
its view of the larger forest. The contentious debate created as a result also
stands to serve the interests of those whose voices often go unheard.

The NAACP conference has challenged the state's redistricting plan, contending
it unfairly marginalizes black voters; launched a "poverty tour" to shine light
on a chronic problem often couched more in numbers than in faces; and here in
Greenville advocated for sanitation workers complaining of unfair treatment from
the city.

Under the leadership of its president, the Rev. William J. Barber, the state
NAACP has become an unequivocal voice. Here is Barber's: "What people tend to
miss," he told The Daily Reflector in a recent interview, "is that when you try
to push backward, the human spirit is meant to move forward. When you try to
push people down, you end up making them stand up."

Barber and the NAACP are front and center in the battle against the state's
burgeoning conservative elements, the ones he believes are doing the pushing.
"One of the biggest challenges we are seeing now in North Carolina is we believe
we have seen an ultraconservative, extreme, tea party-backed leadership that has
taken over the General Assembly," Barber said.

On poverty, the NAACP's "Truth and Hope Putting a Face on Poverty in North
Carolina Tour" is an attempt to personalize the perception of poverty and make
it more real than what comes from a simple compilation of statistics. Barber
says the tour's purpose arises from a fear that those same conservative
political elements have insufficient concern about the poor or disenfranchised
population. ...

These are all reasonable battles, regardless of where you stand on the issues.

Too often advocacy groups, including the NAACP, tend to react to events in ways
that generate a dismissive response rather than a thoughtful one, and their
voice is lost in noisy quarrel.

Under Barber's lead, that voice is ringing clearer as the state NAACP conference
travels a higher and more productive road ? an appropriate and worthy direction
for this Black History Month, for all North Carolinians.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 29, 2011 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

'Among The Truthers'

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 324 words


To the Editor:

In his review of Jonathan Kay's ''Among the Truthers: A Journey Through
America's Growing Conspiracist Underground'' (May 15), Jacob Heil/brunn says, of
the beliefs of conspiracy theorists, that ''even to dignify it with the word
'theory' is probably to grant them more legitimacy than they deserve.''

The pejorative use of the phrase ''conspiracy theorists'' is nothing more than
an attempt to marginalize anyone who disagrees with the ''official story'' about
anything the government or media claim to be true. Yet where would we be without
those conspiracy theorists? We would never have known, through the Pentagon
Papers, that our government had lied about the reasons for escalating the war in
Vietnam; we would never have known the truth about, and the extent of, the
Iran-contra affair; and had it not been for a curious night watchman, it almost
certainly would have been the conspiracy theorists who eventually unearthed the
truth about Watergate.

THE REV. IAN ALTERMAN New York The writer is a member of Religious Leaders for
9/11 Truth.

To the Editor:

Jacob Heilbrunn, citing Jonathan Kay, calls me and other researchers trying to
understand what happened on 9/11 ''cranks'' propounding baseless beliefs and
''often reacting to male midlife crises.'' Given that he does not consider our
detailed evidence relevant, what are we to make of such accusations?

Kay claims that my research on ''the price of individual airline stocks in the
run-up to 9/11'' is ''arcane.'' Given the widespread attention to insider
trading in the weeks after 9/11 -- as well as the scholarly research published
in 2006 in The Journal of Business -- the word ''arcane'' cannot apply. Nor is
my research confined to that subject: ''The Hidden History of 9-11,'' which I
edited, ranges over much more.

Kay's verdict is that of a kangaroo court.

PAUL ZAREMBKA Buffalo The writer is a professor of economics at the State
University of New York, Buffalo.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 21, 2009 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

In a Letter, a Leader of Hamas Makes an Appeal to Obama

BYLINE: By ETHAN BRONNER and TAGHREED EL-KHODARY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: JERUSALEM


A Hamas leader has asked President Obama to engage with his militant movement,
rather than marginalize, it in a letter that was passed through United Nations
officials in Gaza to Senator John Kerry, Democrat of Massachusetts, during a
visit there on Thursday.

Mr. Kerry said Friday that he did not know the letter's contents and had given
it to the American Consulate in Jerusalem so it would be sent to the White
House. But the letter's author, Ahmed Yousef, the Hamas deputy foreign minister,
said by telephone that it was a two-page document urging the new administration
to make a change from the Bush administration.

''There can be no peace without Hamas,'' Mr. Yousef said he had written. ''We
congratulated Mr. Obama on his presidency and reminded him that he should live
up to his promise to bring real change to the region. The Palestinian issue is
the key to resolving all the problems in the area. We also said that Mr. Kerry's
visit to Gaza showed that the new administration has a clarity of vision and is
not controlled by Israeli propaganda.''

The United States, like the European Union and Israel, considers Hamas a
terrorist organization and has no official contacts with it. Mr. Kerry, chairman
of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said he had visited to see for
himself the devastation in Gaza following Israel's offensive there and that his
trip did not represent a change in policy toward Hamas.

Still, it was the first time a senior American official had gone to Gaza in
several years. Former Senator George J. Mitchell, the new American special envoy
to the Middle East, has expressed support for reconciliation between Hamas and
the Fatah movement of the Palestinian Authority, and the visit could signal the
start of a re-evaluation of American policy toward the Palestinian question.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 22, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Israeli leader visits, but will dialogue with Abbas follow?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 585 words


Today's debate: Israeli-Palestinian conflict
Our view: Bush should prod Olmert to open negotiations, marginalize Hamas.

---

Israel's new leader, Ehud Olmert, is on a getting-to-know-you visit to
Washington this week. He's scheduled to meet today with Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice and Tuesday with President Bush, as well as with members of
Congress.

Though it might not seem like it, it's a potentially pivotal moment in the
seemingly endless Israeli-Palestinian conflict.

The question is this: Will Israel impose a unilateral settlement on the
Palestinians, or find a way to negotiate an agreement? Olmert is seeking Bush's
backing for the first, which already is well underway. But the second is better,
and Bush should insist on it.

Olmert was elected after Ariel Sharon, the domineering Grand Old Man of Israel,
slipped into an irreversible coma. But he is not Sharon; he is Sharon Lite.
Olmert has taken over Sharon's new centrist party as well as his approach: Build
a fence between Israelis and Palestinians to keep out suicide bombers, and
unilaterally withdraw from Gaza and some West Bank settlements. Nonetheless,
Olmert lacks Sharon's personality and political power to push this through
without U.S. help.

What should the United States do?

It would be good to get back to some basics. For decades, Washington has played
the role of honest broker in the Middle East. Past efforts have been founded on
the understanding that peace requires two secure, viable states. Israelis and
Palestinians don't need to be best friends, but they need to co-exist and make a
living.

Despite this, Bush allowed Sharon's unilateral push with little comment.
Although the United States and three partners -- the United Nations, European
Union and Russia -- put forward a "road map" to peace, Bush barely promoted it.
That added to the perception that the United States had lost its evenhandedness.
Anti-Americanism works against U.S. goals in the region, from bringing calm to
Iraq to restraining Iran's nuclear ambitions.

The Palestinians aren't exactly good partners for peace. Under former president
Yasser Arafat, they made, then abandoned, promise after promise. Arafat's
successor, Mahmoud Abbas, has asserted little real control. In January, his
Fatah Party was pushed from power when Palestinians elected the terrorist group
Hamas.

To be sure, Israel and the United States can't deal with Hamas unless it
recognizes Israel and abandons terrorism. But why not work with Abbas? He isn't
a member of Hamas and wants negotiations

.

The chaos among the Palestinians is ominous: Hamas is fighting Abbas' efforts to
control the security forces. Civil war is possible. Bush should urge Olmert to
find ways to build up Abbas.

Olmert moved slightly in that direction Sunday, freeing $11 million of $220
million in Palestinian taxes Israel has withheld. It is to be used in hospitals,
steering the money past Hamas. The prime minister should be urged to release the
rest, as well as to negotiate with Abbas.

And though Israelis have every reason to continue building the fence that has
dramatically reduced suicide bombings, its current intrusive path cannot become
a permanent border. The resulting Palestinian state would be a basket case that
would perpetuate the hostility that so deeply affects U.S. interests.

Opinion polls show  Israelis and Palestinians favoring a settlement. Olmert
would like to push ahead with a one-sided solution. Bush needs to put the brakes
on that idea -- and reclaim the U.S. role of honest broker.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Pool photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                            July 21, 2010 Wednesday

Christian supremacists promote Quran-burning on 9/11

LENGTH: 507 words


CAIRO: A California-based Church is calling for an international day to burn the
Quran on Sept. 11 to commemorate the ninth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks on
the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in New York City.

Dove World Outreach Center is calling on others to burn copies of the Quran on
the churchs premises on Sept. 11.

In response, the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) is launching a
campaign during the holy month of Ramadan  which will start during the second
week of August  under the title Share the Quran.

CAIR will distribute copies of the Quran during iftar to neighbors, public and
law enforcement officials and journalists, according to news reports.

Sometimes described a  Christian supremacist group, Dove World, a New Testament
Church, touts the saying Islam is of the devil.  One of the churchs senior
pastors, Terry Jones, recently published a book under the same title.

On July 5, supporters of Dove World protested against an Islamic center in
Gainesville.

Islamophobia is being promoted by a vocal minority of individuals and groups
that seek to marginalize American Muslims and demonize Islam, National
Communication Director of CAIR Ibrahim Hooper told Daily News Egypt in an email
Wednesday commenting on Dove Worlds recent campaign, ,

CAIR believes it is important to challenge the rising level of anti-Islam
sentiment in American society, his statement continued.

CAIR is America's largest Muslim advocacy organization. It works on spreading an
understanding of Islam, protecting civil liberties and encouraging a dialogue
between American Muslims and the rest of the population.

Although the campaign has yet to resonate in Egypt, Diaa Rashwan from Al Ahram
Center for Political and Strategic Studies predicts it will spur outrage among
Muslims.

Holy books should not be a part of those little games. I dont think that this
falls under the notion of freedom of expression, he told Daily News Egypt.

A country like the United States of America should not allow this to happen, he
added.

Meanwhile, a Facebook group titled International Burn a Koran Day attracted 461
members at press time, all rallying to post comments, either supporting or
denouncing the campaign.

The page description reads: On September 11th, 2010 we will burn the Koran on
the property of Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville, FL in remembrance of
the fallen victims of 9/11 and to stand against the evil of Islam. Islam is of
the devil!

One member who goes by Farhana Daud wrote: Florida Church, please do not shame
yourselves as Christians  Just what example are you setting for the world to see
when you are encouraging others to burn the Koran. No different from Islamist
Militants  loving religion my foot.

And Halima said: U can go burn all the qurans in the world but can u really burn
the words of the quran?? The quran has stayed the same since the day it was
revealed. Many muslims have memorised the words of the quran by heart. I'd
[really] like to see you burn there memorie of the quran!! you people make me
laugh!! (sic).

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2010 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 8, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

More Than Schools;
Dinkins's Drive for Big Local Turnout Risks Confronting the Religious Right

BYLINE: By SAM ROBERTS

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 990 words


Mayor David N. Dinkins's drive to generate a big turnout in next month's school
board elections suggests a larger political agenda. Win or lose on May 4, he
hopes to transform the mayoral campaign into a referendum on who controls public
education.

On Tuesday, Mr. Dinkins announced an unusual city-financed effort to alert New
Yorkers to the elections in each of the city's 32 community school districts.
The Mayor said $635,000 would be spent to send postcards to registered voters
and on advertisements to lift the turnout beyond what he termed the unacceptable
7.2 percent rate four years ago. On request, voters will be sent copies of
biographical statements submitted voluntarily by the school board candidates in
their district.

Mr. Dinkins's earlier demands that the Mayor be granted control over a school
system for which he is already held accountable have been given new urgency by
the school board elections, in which conservative groups are fielding dozens of
candidates.

A large turnout might dilute their potency. And merely -- even implicitly --
raising the threat of a takeover by conservatives running with the organized
support of Roman Catholic, Orthodox Jewish and Pentecostal clergymen might also
galvanize a broader coalition behind Mr. Dinkins for the September primary and
the November general election. The school board campaign represents an odd
replay of the battle between black and Hispanic groups a quarter-century ago for
community control of the schools.

Strategy Could Stir Anger

If the Mayor is also motivated by a political agenda, his strategy has an
inherent risk: that in seeking to marginalize conservative candidates, Mr.
Dinkins has underestimated the number of parents upset that their prerogatives
were usurped by Schools Chancellor Joseph A. Fernandez's policies to make
condoms available and to teach tolerance of homosexuals.

"These are very sensitive family values that the school system was seen to be
meddling with," said John H. Mollenkopf, a political science professor at the
City University Graduate Center, "and the extent of people concerned about that
is far broader than religious conservatives."

Those issues, which Mr. Fernandez and his allies, including the Mayor, maintain
have been exploited and politicized, have also split some of Mr. Dinkins's most
committed supporters, even though public opinion polls suggest that most
Democrats disagreed with Mr. Fernandez's ouster.

"On these issues his base is not a monolith," said Bill Lynch Jr., the Mayor's
campaign manager. "I don't think there's a big political upside to this."

'Where the Population Is'

Gov. Mario M. Cuomo has said that the Board of Education's 4-3 vote not to renew
Mr. Fernandez's contract "probably reflects where the population is," but other
politicians are not so sure.

"I don't think this is a referendum on Fernandez that we're seeking or on the
Christian right," said Leland T. Jones, the Mayor's spokesman. "There have been
a couple of issues -- condoms in the schools, the Rainbow Curriculum -- that
have dominated the debate over educational policy, and we're hoping that if
people get interested maybe they will get involved and put those issues in the
proper context and that more attention will be paid to the fundamental issues."

School officials have estimated that 50 or more of the 600 candidates running
for 288 school board seats are being sponsored by conservative groups. About
half a dozen candidates are openly gay. But one consequence of a low turnout,
the largely anonymous candidates and the complicated voting system may be that
claiming victory -- or defeat -- for any group could be problematic.

"The local incumbents know this thing cold," Mr. Lynch said, "and you'll never
know how the support spun out of this thing."

3.2 Million Voter Cards

The "Dear Voter" card being mailed to 3.2 million registered voters and signed
by the city's Voter Assistance Commission reminds New Yorkers about the
elections to the nine-member boards and lists a Board of Education telephone
number -- (718) 935-2881 -- to call to find out more about the candidates. That
information, to be mailed to voters who request it, is provided by the
candidates themselves.

They were asked to submit a statement up to 150 words and to identify the
outstanding needs of the district and proposed solutions, how they would involve
parents more in educating their children, and how they would assess the
effectiveness of individual schools.

While some critics complained that Mr. Dinkins was exploiting the prerogatives
of incumbency, a number of good-government groups, including the League of Women
Voters and the New York Public Interest Research Group, maintained that his
stated purpose was noble, if overdue. Not everyone agrees.

"He's trying to show that the vote on Fernandez was not really the will of the
people and he's spending taxpayer money to do it," said David Garth, media
consultant to Rudolph W. Giuliani, the Mayor's likely Republican opponent.

Stein Criticizes Dinkins

City Council President Andrew J. Stein, one of Mr. Dinkins's Democratic rivals,
commented: "You can't say, per se, encouraging people to vote is wrong, but it
certainly serves his political purpose."

Mr. Stein also said yesterday that he might hire Jack Davis, a political
consultant whose mayoral candidate, a former police chief, helped topple the
liberal establishment of San Francisco two years ago after a campaign that
capitalized on voter frustration with civic irritants like potholes and
panhandlers.

By promising to wage "an all-out campaign within a campaign" to gain control
over the school system, Mr. Dinkins apparently believes that New Yorkers -- at
least Democrats -- are more tolerant than the Board of Education has been on
social issues and that the voters will not deliver him to the same fate that the
school board did with Mr. Fernandez.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  January 19, 2005 Wednesday Michigan Edition

Code should include gays

BYLINE: By PENNY and STEVE MICELI

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B5; MICHIANA POINT OF VIEW

LENGTH: 528 words


We would like to respond to Thomas Eubbing's Dec. 1 Michiana Point of View
arguing against including gay and lesbian protection in the South Bend Civil
Rights Code, which seems to reflect a good deal of ignorance about the issues
involved. In an effort dispel such ignorance, we feel compelled to point out two
very real weaknesses regarding Eubbing's argument.

First, the stance of the National Association for the Research and Therapy of
Homosexuality does not represent the opinion of the most established and
respected organization of professional psychologists, the American Psychological
Association. The APA does not view homosexuality as a psychological disorder,
has passed a resolution stating as much (ww w.apa.org/pi/lgbpolicy/orient),
works to "counteract bias that is based in ignorance or unfounded beliefs about
sexual orientation," and argues vigorously for the rights of the gay and lesbian
community. And it does so based on the most sound scientific evidence available.

We urge readers to visit the APA's Web site to find out what the research
actually says about homosexuality and a variety of issues such as marriage,
parenting, and other rights (www.apa.org/pi/lgbc) .

The conclusion of the mainstream scientific community is that there is no reason
to deny such rights based on sexual orientation.

Second, although we agree with Eubbing's underlying premise that a society is
obligated to protect its children, the fact of the matter is that knowing an
individual's sexual orientation is not going to help us in that regard.
Unfortunately, there are people (both heterosexual and homosexual) who would
harm children. Fortunately, the vast majority of people (both heterosexual and
homosexual) would never dream of doing so.

When we first started our family many years ago, we stumbled upon a church in
the heart of Toledo, Ohio, that was doing work to help the poor and sick in that
city. We fell in love with that church and its mission to "take seriously what
Jesus took seriously," which included reaching out to those whom society
marginalizes. Gay and lesbian individuals were openly welcomed in that church,
and many were parents who took an active role in the Sunday school and other
aspects of the church.

As we grew to know and respect the people of that church, we came to look at all
the parishioners the same -- gay, lesbian or straight. Nothing is more dear to
us than our children, and we would never place them in harm's way. We had
complete confidence when leaving our children under the charge of the many fine
individuals of that church who just happened to be homosexual. And we would
never have any problem leaving our children with our gay friends now.

We strongly support adding protections for the gay and lesbian community to our
Civil Rights Code. Ignorance of the kind demonstrated in Eubbing's letter makes
it abundantly clear that there is a need for such protection. In his opinion,
landlords should be able to discriminate based on sexual orientation -- all
under the guise of protecting our children from a "threat" that is more
perceived than real.

Steve and Penny Miceli live in South Bend.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 22, 1990, Friday, Final Edition

PLO Urges Arab States To Retaliate Against U.S.;
Israel Wants Link Ended Permanently

BYLINE: Jackson Diehl, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A29

LENGTH: 919 words

DATELINE: JERUSALEM, June 21, 1990


The break in the dialogue between the United States and the Palestine Liberation
Organization, although long sought by Israel, is not likely to alleviate
tensions between Washington and Israel over the stalled Middle East peace
process and may put more pressure on the government of Prime Minister Yitzhak
Shamir, officials here said today.

Despite the break, these officials noted, the Bush administration has not
changed its view that the PLO remains essential to any Middle East peace
process, and appears likely to continue trying to work with its leadership.

Consequently, they said, future U.S.-Israeli dealings on Middle East diplomacy
are likely to stumble on the same fundamental difference of strategy that has
plagued them for more than a year: While the United States is intent on taming
the PLO, Israel's new, right-wing leadership remains dedicated to its
eradication.

"I can't say I see a change in the strategic thinking of the United States, and
this means our problems with the administration could continue," said a senior
aide to Shamir, who asked not to be named. "I think that for the United States,
the dialogue with the PLO was seen as a way of changing the organization into a
more conventional political force and then gradually giving it responsibility. I
don't think this concept has changed, and on this we are really at loggerheads
with the U.S."

Shamir's leadership is strongly committed to the view that Israel and the United
States must seek to marginalize the PLO leadership under Yasser Arafat and
solicit or create a new cadre of Palestinian representatives in the
Israeli-occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip with no connections to the PLO. While
the United States, Egypt and Israel's own opposition Labor Party say no
Israeli-Palestinian dialogue is possible without the cooperation of the PLO,
Shamir's Likud Party insists that only after the PLO is eliminated as an
influence will Palestinians be willing to deal with Israel.

It was largely because of that difference that Shamir refused in March to accept
a plan by Secretary of State James A. Baker III for Israeli-Palestinian talks.
Rather than shutting out the PLO, Shamir contended, Baker's plan gave the PLO an
indirect but vital role in the peace process. Ultimately, Shamir's refusal
brought about the fall of his "unity" coalition government with the Labor Party.
Now, Shamir leads a right-wing coalition, some of whose elements oppose talks of
any kind with the Palestinians.

In public, Shamir and his aides continued today to urge that the United States
make its break with the PLO permanent and strategic rather than temporary and
tactical. "I hope that the suspension will not be temporary but instead will
open a new chapter in the relations between the U.S. and the Middle East,"
Shamir said on Israeli radio.

Privately, Shamir's aides agreed with the assessment by several Israeli analysts
that Bush's move has put the government here on the spot. After months of
arguing to a dubious Washington that dialogue with the Palestinians is possible
without the PLO, officials said, Israel now has a chance and a responsibility to
prove its thesis.

"Possibly the worst thing the Israeli government could do now is take pride in
its victory while failing to understand that the U.S. administration has, in
fact, tossed the ball to Yitzhak Shamir," wrote commentator Oded Granot in the
influential newspaper Maariv. "The time has come for the Israeli government to
prove -- if it can -- that it can further peace without the PLO."

In the past, officials here concede, efforts by Shamir and other Likud leaders
to open new channels of communication with Palestinians in the occupied
territories that bypassed the PLO have been largely unsuccessful. Last summer,
both Shamir and then-foreign minister Moshe Arens attempted to begin a series of
meetings with local Palestinian leaders to discuss Shamir's plan to hold
elections in the territories.

After word of Shamir's meeting with Ramallah lawyer Jamil Tarifi leaked to the
Israeli press, however, Palestinians refused further contacts, pointedly
referring Shamir and Arens to the PLO leadership in Tunis. Today, Israeli
newspapers reported that the mayor of the Arab town of Tulkarm, in the West
Bank, had rebuffed a new overture by Arens, who is now defense minister.

For the new government, "it will be very difficult to establish contacts," a
senior aide to Shamir conceded today. He added: "It will be possible only if the
United States and Arab states, like Egypt, join us in persuading Palestinians
that they must forget the PLO and work directly with us."

Neither the United States nor Egypt appear likely to undertake that task of
persuasion with the Palestinians, officials here say. Moreover, Shamir's new
administration appears ready to introduce new complications by insisting that
the Israeli-Palestinian dialogue be accompanied by the opening of bilateral
contacts between Israel and Arab states such as Syria, Jordan and Iraq.

In several statements in recent weeks, Shamir and close supporters have hinted
that Israel will take the position with the United States that it should not be
obliged to open formal talks with Palestinians as long as the Arab states refuse
to begin their own peace negotiations with Israel.

Diplomats here say such a stand would likely block all significant activity on
the diplomatic front, but would allow Shamir to argue that the Arab states, and
not his government, were holding up the process.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             October 4, 2010 Monday

ISRA Calls for Nationwide Boycott of AON Insurance Products

LENGTH: 419  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 04 -- The following was released today by the Illinois State Rifle
Association (ISRA):

The ISRA is calling upon all lawful American firearm owners to stop doing
business with AON Corporation and its subsidiaries. This call for a boycott
comes after published reports disclosed that AON is bankrolling a fundraiser for
the political arm of the nation's most radical gun control organization. Not
only is the fundraiser being financed by AON, it is also being held in a posh
club atop AON's Chicago headquarters.

The October 4th event, which AON will hold on behalf of the "Brady Campaign
Against Gun Violence," will raise money to fund the Brady Campaign's efforts to
impose severe restrictions on citizens' 2nd Amendment rights. Such restrictions
include bans on civilian ownership of handguns, target rifles, and popular
hunting firearms. The Brady organization also seeks to shutter small firearm
retailers and prohibit law-abiding citizens from using firearms to protect their
homes and their families.

"By financing the Brady event, AON has delivered a slap to the faces of millions
of law-abiding firearm owners," said ISRA Executive Director, Richard Pearson.
"With AON's financial muscle behind them, the Bradys will redouble their efforts
to vilify and marginalize the nation's lawful firearm owners and, ultimately,
push for the banning and confiscation of lawfully acquired rifles, pistols and
shotguns."

"Many of the nation's firearm owners hold personal and business insurance
policies with AON," continued Pearson. "Many others who own small and
medium-sized businesses employ Hewitt to manage their employee benefit programs.
I'm calling upon the nation's firearm owners who are AON/Hewitt customers to
reconsider who they choose to do business with. There are plenty of other
insurance companies and employee benefit managers out there to choose from who
are not in bed with the people who are trying to take guns away from lawful
citizens. AON cares more about collecting premiums than they care about
respecting constitutional rights. Gun owners should give AON the boot.today!"

The ISRA is the state's leading advocate of safe, lawful and responsible
firearms ownership. For more than a century, the ISRA has represented the
interests of millions of law-abiding Illinois firearm owners. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 13, 2010 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

California's proposition for political blandness

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 810 words


Under the current imperfect administration of the Universe, most new ideas are
false, so most ideas for improvements make matters worse. Given California's
parlous condition, making matters worse there requires ingenuity, but voters
managed to do so last Tuesday.

Actually, 8.9 percent of eligible voters did. By a margin of 54.2 percent to
45.8 percent, they passed Proposition 14, the Top Two Candidates Open Primary
Act. Proponents outspent opponents 20 to 1. Of the approximately $4.6 million
spent promoting the measure, $2 million came from Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's
political committee. He seems to consider this reform his defining achievement,
which, in a sense, it is. The percentage of Californians who today approve of
Schwarzenegger is a number beginning with 2. But now California has adopted a
candidate selection process that is intended to nominate candidates like him.

Proposition 14 is an attempt to change government policies by changing the
political process. Henceforth, in primary elections that select candidates for
most state and federal offices -- including almost one-eighth of the U.S. House
of Representatives -- all voters, regardless of party registration, or those who
have "decline to state" status (no party identification -- 20.2 percent of
Californians), will receive the same ballot. All candidates for a particular
office will be listed, regardless of party affiliation, if any, which they may
choose to state, or not. The two receiving the most votes will be on November
ballots, regardless of the desires of the political parties the nominees may
claim to represent.

Proposition 14's purpose is to weaken and marginalize parties, traditionally the
principal vehicles for voter education and mobilization. It would strip them of
their core function of selecting candidates who represent the preferences of
their members. It infringes the First Amendment protection of freedom of
association, which includes the right of parties not to associate with
candidates they do not select.

Supporters of "top two" primaries think parties are too representative -- too
responsive to their "ideological" members. These are usually the parties' most
interested, informed and active members. But such people are, say Proposition 14
supporters, tiresome because they are not congenial centrists. Being "partisan,"
they do not practice the bipartisanship that enables government to "get things
done." Among California "centrists," getting things done usually means raising
taxes to pay for other things government has done.

In areas where Democrats or Republicans dominate -- there are more and more of
them as the nation increasingly sorts itself out into clusters of the
like-minded -- the November ballots will offer voters a choice of two Democrats
or two Republicans. Voters with sensitive political palates can savor faintly
variant flavors of liberalism or conservatism.

Voters who prefer their political menu seasoned with the spices provided by
minor parties are pretty much out of luck. Under Proposition 14, such parties --
Green, Libertarian, etc. -- which previously could place candidates on November
ballots, will almost always be excluded from those by failing to run first or
second in primaries.

But, then, blandness is the point of this reform. It seeks to generate a
homogenized political class, one not lumpy with liberals and conservatives who,
being conviction politicians, do not always play well with others.

Does America need a cure for "partisanship," the supposed disease of leaders
such as Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson at the birth of America's party
system? Does America need a nominating process that narrows choices by stacking
the deck against minor parties? Does it need a process that produces "pragmatic"
candidates who, because they have no ballast of "ideology," a.k.a ideas, and are
not rendered "rigid" by convictions, can "reach across the aisle" to achieve
compromises congenial to the entire political class? Does America need a
nominating process that, suppressing candid partisanship, will tempt stealthy
partisans to game the system by voting a weak candidate into the top two?

Putting Proposition 14 on the ballot was the price paid for the vote of Abel
Maldonado. He was a Republican state senator last year when three Republican
votes were needed to enable Democrats to pass another tax increase that
supposedly would solve the budget crisis that preceded the current one.
Maldonado also was rewarded by Schwarzenegger, who made him lieutenant governor.

Maldonado plays nicely with others. He is not rigidly ideological: He worked
across the aisle to reach a compromise that gave the political class access to
more of other people's money. He, like his patron, the governor, is, presumably,
pretty much the sort of pragmatist Proposition 14 is designed to favor.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Rich Pedroncelli/associated Press; Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger
discusses Proposition 14 in Sacramento on Wednesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 20, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

The Long View for Anacostia

Colbert I. King

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 1028 words


"Have you sold us out like a cargo of slaves?" That stinging question was
directed toward D.C. Mayor Anthony Williams by a University of the District of
Columbia student upset by the mayor's proposal to relocate the school east of
the Anacostia River. The concern about UDC's fate was understandable. In recent
years, the city-owned university has been squeezed by a fiscal crisis and
downsized to the point where it is a shadow of its original self. Despite that
history, however, it would be a mistake to underestimate the number of lives
that have been favorably touched by UDC.

No family was more full of pride than the Kings as UDC awarded our mother -- and
my three kids' grandmother -- a master's degree in early childhood education in
1980. We celebrated for days. Thanks to UDC, a former domestic worker who also
took in laundry to help her hard-working but poorly paid husband send their
three children to college finally was able to fulfill her life's ambition of
returning to the D.C. public schools as a teacher.

UDC is important to Washingtonians in ways that may be lost on the city's new
power brokers. But does the slavery analogy really apply?

Slavery was a great evil. Men and women were brought here in chains and made to
live underfed, underdressed and ill-housed. They were forced to work in the
fields, often wearing bells and yokes. They were whipped with the bloody lash,
and hunted down with dogs when they tried to escape to freedom. Nothing in the
annals of American history approaches slavery's "barbarous inhumanity," as
abolitionist Theodore Weld called it.

To equate the proposed transfer of UDC's main campus, its $ 81.5 million
operating budget and projected 5,800 students to Southeast Washington with the
slave trade -- even hyperbolically -- is to marginalize a long, cruel chapter in
the nation's history. There ought to be a way of examining and debating the
mayor's UDC relocation proposal -- and rejecting it if necessary -- without
treating the idea as if it were an insidious subterfuge to undermine African
Americans.

There may be strong reasons for keeping the university at its current
Connecticut Avenue and Van Ness Street NW location. The federal government may
not agree to give the land to the D.C. government for sale to the highest
bidder. A suitable alternative UDC site in Anacostia may not exist. Student
enrollment might plummet if the school is moved to the far side of town. One
caller even suggested that UDC remain where it is as a monument to all the black
families that were moved out of now prime Northwest D.C. properties that
underwent "urban renewal" decades ago.

University President Julius F. Nimmons opposes the plan because he says it
creates an uncertainty that hurts the financially recovering school. Nimmons and
other university officials also are rightly miffed because they weren't
consulted on the relocation plan. (Which reminds me: Can someone please get it
across to Mayor Williams that time spent consulting is not time wasted?)

On the other hand, if the chief argument against moving the campus is largely
symbolic -- to wit, UDC's status as a predominantly black university is enhanced
by its location in a largely white, upper-income neighborhood -- then, entering
the autumn years of life as I am, I find myself wondering, "Where did we go
wrong?"

A prominent D.C. African American civic leader asked, "Since when did we as a
people have to be on Connecticut Avenue for validation? What happened to the
notion that we make our own garden bloom?"

That thought obviously was not on the mind of the UDC official who said the
shift of the school from "prime" Northwest Washington property sends a message
to the students that "you're not prime citizens. You're second-class citizens at
this university."

Somebody forgot to tell me that when I attended Howard University in the late
'50s and early '60s. We were under no illusions that our school was located in a
chic, affluent neighborhood. It sure wasn't then. It isn't today. But we didn't
think of ourselves as second-class to anything. Our sense of self-worth didn't
turn on the income levels of our neighbors or Howard's physical facilities.

Several of my classes were in "temporary" World War II Quonset huts. Those
buildings, however, didn't affect the growth and development of generations of
black students. What we lacked in surrounding wealth was more than made up by a
first-rate, cosmopolitan faculty, a great library and archives, and a legacy
that made us regard ourselves as second to none. The university, not the
neighborhood, delivered the education. It wasn't our location but our university
administrators and faculty who never let us forget we were first-class citizens.

But save those cards, letters and phone calls. I confess: I'm in a time warp,
out of touch with modern thinking on how best to advance the cause. So I'll
close with this: If the mayor doesn't plan to make a major investment in UDC or
if he intends to let it become less than a four-year university without a
top-flight board of trustees, a healthy endowment and an academic program aimed
toward the future, then citizens should oppose his higher-education plans --
regardless of where UDC is located.

Oh, yes, one final thought. In case you didn't know, there's a large parcel of
land high up on a hill in Anacostia containing acres of space with a spectacular
vista of Washington. It's the kind of real estate developers and entrepreneurs
would die for. Take the long view on Anacostia.

Remember the U Street neighborhood nearly 20 years ago? Few people back then
supported Marion Barry's vision of building the Reeves Center at 14th and U
streets NW. Today U Street is alive with attractions and energized businesses.
Remember, too, when some folks thought the District would always be "Chocolate
City"? Well, look around. The District is undergoing a transformation. Make no
mistake: One day -- with or without UDC -- seeds will be sown to make Anacostia
bloom. The question is, whose seeds will they be, and what will sprout on that
soil?

The writer is a member of the editorial page staff.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 30, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

'Developing Nation Ride' a potential Disney doozy

BYLINE: Doug Lansky

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 13K

LENGTH: 1017 words


I have an idea for a new ride at Epcot Center, Disney's international theme
park. It would be called: "The Developing Nation Bus Ride." I'm sure it would be
a huge success because the last time I checked, every single ride at Disney had
a four-hour line in front of it.

I'm often asked what I'm most afraid of when I travel to Third World countries.
People expect to hear something like: catching the Ebola virus, being detained
by the secret police, getting mugged in a dark alley or catching the Ebola virus
from the secret police in a dark alley. Now, I don't want to marginalize the
image of any of these dramatic foreign tribulations, but they generally don't
worry me. I mean, as tribulations go, they're right there at the top of the
list. But riding a Third World bus has got to be one of the most dangerous (and
thrilling) rides on earth.

Here's how the Developing Nation Bus Ride would work: Disney normally issues a
single ticket for all attractions, but it wouldn't be valid for this ride. Part
of the fun would be locating the place to buy the tickets, which would be
secretly tucked away on the other side of the park. Tickets would be priced
according to how much money the ticket vendor thought you were carrying, which
would be determined by the estimated value of your jewelry, your clothes and
your camera.

Disney likes to entertain you while you wait for the ride to begin, and the
Developing Nation Bus Ride would be no exception.  Everyone would wait in a
massive, filthy parking lot filled with buses. There would be several lines to
stand in, but only one would actually get you to the right bus. While trying to
figure out which line to choose, Disney taxi drivers would plead with you to
ride with them for a "special price" and Disney pickpockets would try to relieve
you of your valuables.

Upon reaching the Developing Nation Bus, any large items you were carrying would
be taken from you and put on the roof, to be lost at a later time.

Then, you'd board the bus, which would be created by Disney's "imagineers" to
look as though it were 50 years old, stolen from a junior high school in
Oklahoma and driven overland to, say, Bangladesh. The exterior would be painted
with nine different, noncomplementary colors and smattered with mud. The
interior would be plastered with small Jesus figurines. The seats would be
carefully designed to hold people the size of embryos and everyone would sit
three to a seat. Naturally, there would not be enough legroom for a chipmunk.

Mounted on a track, the bus would start to move, all the while simulating the
effect of riding over huge craters in the road. There would be shock absorbers.
But they would be crafted to not work.

Special vents in the bus would pipe in a lethal combination of secondhand smoke,
dust and subtropical body odor. As you began to cough, you'd hear a realistic
baby crying uncontrollably in Dolby surround sound.

Then the afternoon sun, simulated by strong ultraviolet lamps, would overheat
all the people on one side of the bus. To be fair, the other side would be
treated to an intentionally dysfunctional heating system.

Professionally trained chickens would run up and down the aisle while Disney
developing-nation families would constantly load and unload their worldly
possessions from the small compartment over your head. Sometimes the babies of
the Disney families would puke a foul-smelling, but safe, green chunky substance
all over you.

The bus would start to take wild turns as the bus driver would pretend to fall
asleep. Then, just before he veered off the road and over a cliff, he'd "wake
up" and steer the bus back on course. However, he would immediately initiate a
conversation with the people behind him while simultaneously watching the Bruce
Lee movie playing on the TV mounted on the ceiling just over his head.

You would drive past many beautiful vistas, but you wouldn't be able to see them
because the windows would be smeared with a special high-tech chemical that
simulates dirt.

Then the ride would stop momentarily so everyone could get out and go to the
toilet. Men would go to the bushes on one side of the road and women would go to
bushes on the other. During the toilet break, an entire brigade of well-trained
"locals" would descend on you and try to sell you very affordable little snacks
that would, by the end of the ride, give everyone Disney dysentery.

Back on the bus you would find that someone had pretended to steal everything
you'd left on board. There would be a large argument that would delay the bus
ride for 30 minutes, but no one would be able to discover who'd taken the
missing items. A Disney policeman would arrive on the scene and write
stolen-goods reports for people who were willing to bribe him.

Then you would drive across a pretend border into another country and everyone
would have to get out and go through customs. A rigid Disney customs officer
would fire a series of inane questions at you, then pretend to take 20 minutes
to enter your name and passport number onto a carbon copy form (in
quadruplicate) with his re-created 1930 Underwood typewriter with half the keys
pulled out.

While paying the customs official $ 20 to speed up your visa application, you
would begin to wonder why you picked the Developing Nation Bus Ride over the
slightly calmer It's a Small World After All Ride, Tea Cup Ride or the Dental
Surgery Ride. Then you'd realize, it's a learning experience, a real adventure
and incredibly authentic!

Once you were back on board, the bus would drive around, apparently lost, for a
few hours. Just as your lungs would be about to collapse from the simulated
smoke, just as your eardrums would be about to burst from the simulated crying
and just as your spine would be about to pop a disc from the fake bouncing ---
the Developing Nation Bus Ride would come to an abrupt halt and Mickey Mouse
would appear and lead you safely to the nearest exit. From "There's No Toilet
Paper on the Road Less Traveled: The Best of Travel Humor and Misadventure"
(Travelers' Tales, $ 12.95).

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Unavoidable camaraderie: In many developing nations, buses are the only
 form of motorized transport. These souls are headed across the Great
 Indian Desert. / DOUG LANSKY / Special

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             August 21, 2015 Friday

Vilifying police has chilling effects on public safety

BYLINE: BY SCOTT G. ERICKSON, Contributing Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 529 words


President George H.W. Bush, when dedicating the National Law Enforcement
Officer's Memorial in 1991, remarked that, "When society asks someone to put on
a badge and place it over his or her heart, we make a sacred covenant - a
covenant that says: 'We as a society stand behind those who enforce the law
against those who break the law.'"

A lot has changed in the past quarter century. Today, a cacophony of dissent has
sought to marginalize the American police officer and cast him in the role of
villain instead of hero.

The sentiments of a few, echoed through a complicit and sensationalized media
and often devoid of context or perspective, have sown mistrust and skepticism
within communities whose very survival depends upon trust and faith in the
justice system.

The same men and women whom society has tasked with upholding the rule of law
and protecting the vulnerable from victimization have now been told they no
longer matter, that they're untrustworthy and that the same society that
conferred those responsibilities upon them will no longer stand behind them.

The vilification of the American police officer has had an effect on the law
enforcement community, as well as society itself.

Recruiting and retention efforts have become strained, with some cities seeing a
drop in police recruit applications upward of 70 percent. Patrol officers have
seen their work load increase, and in some agencies, the number of officers
available to assist in a crisis has shrunk to unsafe levels.

Crime is on the rise. Baltimore, a city at the epicenter of strained
police-community relations, has seen its violent crime spike to its highest
level in decades.

The 208 homicides (as of Aug. 19) in Baltimore so far this year are roughly 10
times the number of homicides in San Diego, a city more than twice as large -
and it almost matches Baltimore's own total of 211 murders for the entirety of
2014.

Police officers are retreating from the proactive policing tactics that have
contributed to a historic drop in crime over the past 20 years. The result: an
emboldened criminal element.

The movement away from proactive policing toward an almost wholly reactive model
is rooted in fear. Not fear of injury or of the basic dangers associated with
police work. Rather, the fear is rooted in uncertainty. Will I be the next
officer on the evening news if I have to use force to subdue a violent suspect?
Will the community turn against me?

Make no mistake, every officer working the streets right now is asking himself
or herself these same questions. Unfortunately, in today's political climate a
greater number of officers are deciding that the risks to their reputations and
livelihood are simply too great to engage in the type of proactive policing that
has been so effective at reducing crime.

It is time to acknowledge that while individual police officers, imperfect as
human beings are, have at times committed indiscretions deserving of public
rebuke, the vast majority of officers and the profession itself must no longer
be vilified as the root cause of society's ills.

Scott G. Erickson is a police officer and executive director of Americans in
Support of Law Enforcement.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Not Funny! Colbert's primary stunt brings out grouch i n NBC White House guru

BYLINE: MICHAEL SHAIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 104

LENGTH: 373 words


NBC White House correspondent Chuck Todd unloaded on late-night host Stephen
Colbert and his bid to turn Saturday's Republican presidential primary into a
comedy routine.

"What is his real agenda here?" Todd asked yesterday at South Carolina's Winthop
University, where he was appearing on a pre-election panel.

"Is it to educate the public about the dangers of money and politics, and what's
going on?

"Or, is it simply to marginalize the Republican Party?

"And so I think, if I were a Republican candidate, I would be concerned about
that."

Colbert and his Super PAC - Americans for a Better Tomorrow Tomorrow - have
reportedly spent more than $65,000 on TV ads in South Carolina in the past two
weeks ridiculing the GOP candidates in a bid to show the absurdity of campaign
finance rules.

And today, the comedian is barnstorming in the state - where he grew up - urging
Republicans to vote for Herman Cain, who dropped out of the race a month ago but
remains on the ballot, as a way of voting for him.

The candidates are plainly unhappy that Colbert has been diverting media
attention away from the race and that his ads have the potential to influence
the vote.

But this is the first time someone from the media has come out and attacked
Colbert's stunt.

Todd told students that the media have been making a big mistake giving
Colbert's campaign a pass and allowing him to appear in character and pretend he
is actually running.

"Both Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert want to mock us in the media all the
time," Todd said, "proclaiming we don't do our jobs.

"And then when you call them out on it, they say, 'We're just comedians.'

"Actually, no, you're not anymore.

"Yes, the process is a mess," Todd said.

"But he's doing it in a way that it feels as if he's trying to influence it with
his own agenda that may be anti-Republican.

"I enjoy the parody. But I have to admit I'm uncomfortable when it's, like,
actually merging into the real world."

Todd is one of the most freewheeling political reporters on TV.

He maintains a hyperactive Twitter account and starred in an Internet viral
video last month when he was inadvertently caught on camera flipping the bird
just before going on the air.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Really?: NBC political reporter Chuck Todd (inset) isn't amused with
Stephen Colbert's South Carolina comedy-show campaign.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             January 6, 2006 Friday
                                  Cook Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Fence Post; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 960 words


Catholics dare not become complacent

It took an outspoken Canadian bishop, Frederick Henry of Calgary, to recently
pronounce what all Catholic bishops and priests should publicly state: "Too many
Catholics are too complacent."

Bishop Henry called upon Catholics to "push back" against the overwhelming
forces of secularism in our society.

"We are not nearly countercultural enough or prophetic enough. Catholics need to
feel more obliged than ever not to neglect their duties as citizens in this
world. Theirs is the task of contributing with the light of the Gospel to the
building of a more humane world, a world fully in harmony with God's [Divine]
plan," the bishop said.

As the church in Canada faces increasing attempts by the government to privatize
and marginalize religion, resulting in increased discrimination and restrictions
- even arrest - he suggested that the human rights commissions and tribunals
"will in all likelihood act as the thought police" in coming years, to demand
politically correct thinking by force.

It is that "politically correct" thinking that many so-called "Catholic"
politicians in Illinois have bought into. Somehow they become morally incoherent
to their fundamental religious convictions regarding the human person and
obligations to uphold the truth when they venture into the political sphere.
They act in a manner scandalous to the faithful, harmful to society, and gravely
immoral.

I would urge my fellow Catholics not to support candidates for office who call
themselves "Catholics," but deny the fundamental truths of their faith, and
bring scandal to themselves and the church.

Election year 2006 is the time for "complacent" Catholics to clearly express
their opposition to duplicitous candidates who abandon their moral convictions
as they exit the church door. These hypocritical politicians are clearly in
support of a national movement aimed at attacking our traditional Christian
culture and beliefs. Will Catholics dare to be countercultural and prophetic in
these threatening times?

Arlene Sawicki

South Barrington

Bush has achieved much since 9/11

FDR led us into World War II. Germany never attacked us. Japan did. From 1941 to
1945, 450,000 lives were lost. Truman finished that war and started one in
Korea. North Korea never attacked us. From 1950 to 1953, 55,000 lives were lost.

JFK started the Vietnam conflict in 1962. Vietnam never attacked us. LBJ turned
Vietnam into a quagmire. From 1965 to 1975, 58,000 lives were lost. Clinton went
to war in Bosnia without U.N. or French consent. Bosnia never attacked us. He
was offered Osama bin Laden's head on a platter three times by Sudan and did
nothing. Osama has attacked us on multiple occasions.

In the years since terrorists attacked us, President Bush has liberated two
countries, crushed the Taliban, crippled al-Qaida, put nuclear inspectors in
Libya, Iran and North Korea without firing a shot, and captured a terrorist who
slaughtered 300,000 of his own people.

The Democrats are complaining about how long the war is taking. But, it took
less time to take Iraq than it took Janet Reno to take the Branch Davidian
compound.

We've been looking for evidence for chemical weapons in Iraq for less time than
it took Hillary Clinton to find the Rose Law Firm billing records. It took less
time for the 3rd Infantry Division and the Marines to destroy the Medina
Republican Guard than it took Ted Kennedy to call the police after his
Oldsmobile sank at Chappaquiddick. It took less time to take Iraq than it took
to count the votes in Florida.

Ken Welter

Prospect Heights

Vital plan to curb mercury pollution

Sadly, Illinois ranks fourth in the nation for local "hot spots" of concentrated
mercury pollution. Pollution from nearby coal plants is poisoning our Great
Lakes and waterways and threatening the health of children born to women who
consume mercury- contaminated fish. A plan announced this week by Gov.
Blagojevich would begin to reverse this terrible record by requiring coal plants
to install modern technologies that will reduce their mercury pollution by 90
percent or more by 2009.

We know what the health problems are. Mercury is a neurotoxin. It can pass
through a pregnant women's placenta and cause harm to fetal brain development.

We know coal plants are the single largest source of mercury pollution, which
gets into lakes, rivers and streams and proceeds up the food chain into fish.
Estimates are that 6 to 10 percent of women of childbearing age have mercury
levels high enough to put a fetus at increased risk for developmental problems.

This also creates extra costs for our health care and educational systems. Gov.
Blagojevich's plan will make Illinois a national leader in curbing mercury
pollution by requiring coal plants to install readily available, affordable
technology.

Combined with measures under way in other Midwestern states, it will go a long
way toward reducing mercury in the Great Lakes and our inland waterways.
Moreover, it will help lower the mercury exposure of more than 100,000 women of
childbearing age in Illinois who currently have mercury levels high enough to
put their developing children at increased risk.

By investing now to reduce mercury pollution, we can protect the health of
future Illinoisans and reduce the costs of mercury exposure that otherwise will
burden the state's economy for years to come.

We call on the owners of Illinois coal plants to work with the governor and
state regulatory agencies to ensure that this critical measure is implemented in
a timely and effective manner.

Howard A. Learner

Executive Director

Environmental Law & Policy Center

Helen Binns

Associate Professor of Pediatrics and Preventive Medicine,

Feinberg School of Medicine

Northwestern University

Children's Memorial Hospital

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            November 15, 2004 Monday

Evangelical preaches at S.L. Tabernacle

BYLINE: Carrie A. Moore Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 974 words


With Evangelicals and Latter-day Saints sitting together in the Salt Lake
Tabernacle for an "Evening of Friendship," internationally renowned Christian
philosopher Ravi Zacharias told them Sunday night that Jesus Christ's unique
claim upon humanity is that he embodied truth and sacrificed himself for a world
that often does not recognize him.

But what many Utahns may remember most distinctly is the sermon that came before
it.

Taking the pulpit to speak of the event's historic nature, Fuller Theological
Seminary President Richard Mouw addressed a capacity crowd of several thousand,
offering a stunningly candid apology to members of The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints (Mormon) and noting that "friendship has not come easily
between our communities." He dubbed the evening "historic" and apologized that
Evangelicals "have often misrepresented the faith and beliefs of the Latter-day
Saints."

"Let me state it clearly. We evangelicals have sinned against you," he said,
adding both camps have tended to marginalize and simplify the others' beliefs.

Historical animosity dating back to the founding of the LDS Church by Joseph
Smith in 1830 has heightened in recent years between the two groups,
particularly in the 1990s, when several high-profile evangelical leaders
asserted that "Mormons are not Christians."

Mouw noted the 200th anniversary of Joseph Smith's birthday next December and
several scholarly events planned to celebrate during the coming year. "I hope
many in the evangelical community will take part in those events," he said.

The Tabernacle was filled to capacity 10 minutes before the 6 p.m. service
began. More than 7,000 tickets had been distributed shortly after plans for the
event became known in September.

The fact that the LDS Church opened its signature pulpit to Zacharias -- the
first such invitation in more than a century -- has had some in both faith camps
talking about the motives of Standing Together Ministries and the Richard L.
Evans Chair of Religious Understanding at Brigham Young University, who
organized the event.

Zacharias shared the dais with both evangelical preachers and Latter-day Saint
scholars and moved widely beyond the pulpit as he weaved biblical parables with
modern tales of those who encounter Christ and recognize truth, often in the
context of major human heartache and suffering that no political maneuvering can
solve.

He spoke of the "exclusivity and sufficiency of Jesus Christ," noting that he
asserted an exclusive truth claim in his declaration as "the way, the truth and
the life." While he acknowledged that members of The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints (Mormon) differ in many of their views from historic
Christianity, he emphasized much of what they share in reverence for a being
both consider the divine Savior of mankind.

Christ as Lord offered the perfect "description of the human condition," he
said, noting that when surveying the world's major religious traditions, "no
where is the doctrine of sin so clearly enunciated as in the Christian faith."
Without such a definition, relativism makes almost any behavior acceptable
because it can simply be called some kind of sickness.

He related a conversation with a woman who had dedicated her life to freeing
children from sexual slavery in an Asian nation, and how she had snatched an
18-month-old girl out of the hands of a man who was defiling her. "You tell me
there is no such thing as evil. You want to call it deviance, aberrant, a slip
of judgment? Jesus looked at it and called it what it was.

"Psychologists are coming to the realization that in taking away that word
(sin), they've taken away that which was needed to identify what was real."

The Bible says all people commit sin, and thus "come short before the glory of
God. Have you seen your own heart before Jesus Christ?"

Christianity is the one faith that offers true forgiveness, he said, recalling
his own suicide attempt as a young boy in India. Someone brought a Bible into
his hospital room, and he can now relive the "moment knowing what it was to hear
the Lord say, 'neither do I condemn thee. Go they way and sin no more.' "

The Christian gospel offers the one true chance at lasting peace, he said,
noting a conversation last March with one of the founders of Hamas, whose
members regularly take responsibility for suicide bombings among Israelis.
Reminding the leader of the biblical account both Islam and Christianity share
of Abraham offering his son on the altar, he told the man that God stayed the
execution.

"Until we receive the Son that has been provided, we'll be offering our own
sons" up to the killing fields of warfare.

He said Jesus is the "embodiment of the ideal" of purity, and as such, evil will
seek to besmirch his character. Singling out the best-selling novel, "The Da
Vinci Code," as a great "gasp of human skepticism," he said, "what better way to
nail in the coffin of Christendom than to attack the purity of Christ." The book
presumes a sexual relationship between Jesus and Mary Magdalene.

Christ's triumph over the grave will outlast such speculation, he said, quoting
evangelist Billy Graham's answer to the chancellor of Germany in the wake of
World War II. "Outside the resurrection of Jesus Christ, I know of no other hope
for mankind." The 45-minute sermon was greeted with a warm standing ovation.

Best-selling Christian musician Michael Card provided music for the service,
performing piano and vocal music and asking the audience to join in on the
chorus of several numbers.

One pastor who concluded the service said several times he didn't want the
meeting to end, noting he was excited to have met in the Tabernacle and
suggesting the meeting become an annual event. Then with a smile, he added,
"Don't you all have a bigger place right across the street?" E-mail:
carrie@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    APRIL 23, 2003 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

Arafat faulted in cabinet fight;
As time grew short, Bush and Blair urged him to
yield in a clash with his prime-minister designate.

BYLINE: Aaron Davis and Warren P. Strobel KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 688 words

DATELINE: JERUSALEM


Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat came under heavy international pressure
yesterday to cede power to his prime minister-designate, Mahmoud Abbas, as the
two men battled down to tonight's deadline over Abbas' choice of a cabinet.

The struggle between the aging Arafat and Abbas, who is favored by Western and
some Arab nations to reform Palestinian institutions and enter peace talks with
Israel, frayed nerves, prompted frantic international telephone diplomacy, and
at one point led participants to declare that the process had collapsed.

While much of this battle of wills is about local power and internal Palestinian
politics, the long-awaited, U.S.-backed Mideast peace plan hangs in the balance.

As the deadline neared, Abbas at one point yesterday locked himself in his room,
while Arafat refused to meet with mediators.

The deadline is midnight tonight. The prime minister, whose installation has
been eagerly sought by the United States and Israel to marginalize Arafat, has
until then for the Palestinian legislature to approve his cabinet picks.

Even if that happens, the power struggle appears to bode poorly for future peace
talks and wholesale changes in the Palestinian Authority, which Israel says is a
precondition for progress. The peace plan, known as the "road map," would create
an independent Palestinian state by 2005.

Exhausted mediators - who had worked nearly 72 hours straight since a meeting
between Arafat and Abbas ended Saturday with the two screaming at each other -
quoted Abbas yesterday as saying talks had "broken down" and he would no longer
deal with Arafat.

Later, there were reports that their differences had narrowed.

The chief sticking point is control over Palestinian security services. Abbas
wants to nominate Mohammed Dahlan, a former Gaza security chief, to oversee the
security forces; Arafat wants his loyal follower Hani el-Hasan to retain
control.

The fight is less about who gets nominated than it is about security policy.
Abbas wants to crack down on militant Islamic groups and work to prevent suicide
bombings, whereas Arafat wants the security apparatus to stay intact and remain
answerable to him.

As hope of a deal seemed to fade yesterday, a sense of desperation hit
Palestinians and Israelis.

Palestinian infighting was topic No. 1 at dinner tables across Jerusalem on the
last night of Passover. And on the road to the Palestinian West Bank town of
Ramallah, a cabdriver listening to radio reports of the failed talks held his
head and cursed Arafat and Abbas. Neither was thinking about peace and the
future of the Palestinian people, he said.

In Ramallah, parliamentary speaker Ahmed Qorei reportedly offered to delay the
deadline for 24 hours if Arafat and Abbas could agree in theory on a new
government - the details could be worked out later, he said.

Others speculated that international pressure could force Arafat to reappoint
Abbas as prime minister after today's deadline expires, giving Abbas, in theory,
an additional five weeks to form his government.

British Prime Minister Tony Blair, who has campaigned hard for the "road map,"
called Arafat with a stern message for him to relent.

The United States passed the same message indirectly through Arab and European
emissaries, diplomats said. The Bush administration cut direct contacts with
Arafat last year.

Secretary of State Colin L. Powell has talked to his counterparts from the
European Union, Britain, Russia and Israel on the issue this week.

Yesterday, Washington practically endorsed Abbas in the face of reports that
Arafat might name another prime minister if the deadlock dragged on.

"There's no reason to delay," U.S. State Department spokesman Richard Boucher
said. "There's no reason to change this process. And there's every reason to
support the idea that the prime minister needs to be able to choose his cabinet.

"Any delay, any obstruction to that process, is really just hurting the
Palestinian people and keeping them from achieving their aspirations."

Contact reporter Warren Strobel at 202-383-6033 or wstrobel@krwashington.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           October 18, 2001, Thursday

NEW SIGN PREZ HAS SIGHTS ON SADDAM

BYLINE: Deborah Orin

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 022

LENGTH: 350 words


THE anthrax scare - and growing talk that it could be linked to Iraq - is
fueling Team Bush's family feud over whether the war on terror must ultimately
target Saddam Hussein.

So those tracking whether President Bush has Iraq in his gun sights took note of
how, a few days ago, he took care to praise the leader of the go-after-Iraq
forces - Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz.

At a military ceremony Monday, Bush praised Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld as
"the right man at the right time to defeat the evil ones" and then added: "I
appreciate the service of Paul Wolfowitz, your deputy."

It was noteworthy because there's a concerted effort by Secretary of State Colin
Powell and his allies to marginalize the hawkish Wolfowitz. They also tangled
during the Gulf War, when both worked for Bush's dad.

Soon after the Sept. 11 terror attacks, Wolfowitz called for "ending state
sponsors of terrorism" - Iraq being an obvious example. Powell quickly slapped
him in public, saying Wolfowitz was speaking only for himself.

But Powell is coming under fire from the more hawkish elements in the defense
establishment for suggesting this week that moderate Taliban elements could join
Afghanistan's next government.

"The president just compared the Taliban to the Nazis. Now Powell sounds as if
he's asking which Nazis you want to join Germany's postwar government," fumed a
veteran defense strategist.

Powell's words certainly seem to clash with Bush's stance, repeated again
yesterday, that "if you feed a terrorist, if you fund a terrorist, you're a
terrorist - and this great nation will hold you just as responsible."

*

Some analysts are starting to say that, amid conflicting messages from his top
aides about anthrax, Bush needs to stand up and tell the people it is Round 2 of
the terror attack on America.

"This is the first use of a biological weapon in modern history and we need to
say it - people need to know why we need to hunt down the bastards who did this
and kill them," said military analyst Dan Goure, who served at the Pentagon
under Bush's dad.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 20, 2016 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

READERS WRITE Editorial shows how media fails us

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 1148 words


THE BERNIE SANDERS CAMPAIGN

With regard to the May 19 editorial "Sanders must quell campaign violence": Oh,
my goodness, where to start and where to end? Let's start with accuracy in
reporting. First, no video has surfaced of chairs being thrown at the Nevada
state convention. Second, no reports have been made of arrests at the event. No
mention has been made of the midstream machinations that disenfranchised 64
Sanders delegates. No mention was made of the convention chair failing to follow
established parliamentary procedure in the official conduct of the party's
business.

Does any of this absolve Bernie Sanders from adhering to the highest level of
moral conduct? Absolutely not. Nobody condones violence and most assuredly not
Sanders. But the same standard of the highest level of moral conduct has to be
applied across the board.

Where has been the outcry for the voters disenfranchised in Arizona, in New
York, in Nevada and elsewhere? Where has been the outcry for an insular,
intransigent political party doing everything in its power to demonize and
marginalize one of the candidates running under its flag? Where has been the
outcry of mainstream media parroting the institutional views of the established
political parties?

The Star Tribune at one time was considered to be an essential organ of the
Fourth Estate, but when it perpetuates a false narrative of reality (namely,
that it is the symptom, not the cause, that is the problem), it becomes a sock
puppet of the corporate voice. This failure is at the same level of betrayal of
"moral responsibility" as when mainstream media was complicit in the narrative
that sent this country into Iraq. The king has no clothes.

Ron Wetzell, Minneapolis

THE LEGISLATURE

No wonder the electorate is so sour on its leadership

Minnesota roads and bridges need hundred of millions of dollars of maintenance
and repairs to allow citizens to travel safely. Our legislators respond with
partisan posturing and the very real threat of doing nothing this session.
However, when "the law firm representing [Prince's] estate's special
administrator" clears its throat, our legislators are suddenly all ears and
initiate action ("A rush to protect Prince's likeness," May 18).

The so-called "PRINCE Act" subsequently was withdrawn for the year so that
potential consequences could be addressed. Still, the electorate seems to be
annoyed, and the appearance of special access and misplaced priorities could be
part of the problem.

Ben Jackson, Stillwater

· · ·

First, the politicians make Minnesota taxpayers build a stadium for the benefit
of a billionaire family from New Jersey. Now comes the news that tours are
available, but we have to pay $19 just to come in and take a look at what we
paid for ("Paid tours of U.S. Bank Stadium," May 18). My, oh, my. In these
uneasy times, is it any wonder people of various political stripes are feeling
it's all a rigged game?

Ed Murphy, Minneapolis

TRANSPORTATION FUNDING

Higher license tab fees are an idea that should not stick

As a deputy registrar, I am a bit concerned about the discussion to raise more
revenue by increasing license tab fees. Tab fees are tied incrementally to the
initial base value of a vehicle, then the cost of the tabs is slowly reduced
year by year as the vehicle gets older. As an example, if a 2016 vehicle has a
base value of $20,500 today, the tabs would cost $258. If that same vehicle had
a base value when it was new five years ago of $19,300, the tabs would have been
$243 at that time. The Star Tribune gave an example of a new car as costing
$15,000, which would be a price that anyone would find hard-pressed to discover.
As vehicles become more expensive, the revenue from tabs increases. In addition,
most counties have now instituted a wheelage tax of $10. This revenue goes
directly to the counties in which the vehicle is kept and is designated for road
and bridge construction and repair. This additional tax is added onto the tabs
every time the vehicle registration is renewed.

The citizens of the state are burdened with registration fees that are seen by
many as excessive. I hear this daily, as do all of the individuals who work in
this field. I would find it concerning should this plan go beyond the stage of
ideas being discussed but not necessarily thought through.

Stephen Neiswanger, Austin, Minn.

REAL ID

State was right the first time in refusing federal interference

State Rep. Dennis Smith couldn't be more wrong ("The key thing is to get a Real
ID solution in Minnesota," May 17). The legislative battle over Real ID has
nothing to do with ensuring the ability of Minnesotans to fly. Even the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security acknowledges in the final Real ID regulations
that "individuals without a REAL ID-compliant document will still be able to
enter federal facilities and board commercial aircraft, and these rules cannot
determine what alternative documents are acceptable for those purposes."

At its most basic level, the battle over Real ID is about whether the
Legislature will voluntarily give up state sovereignty and individual rights
protected under the 10th Amendment. Homeland Security's privacy office admits
that Real ID is a voluntary program for the states. To adopt it is to say yes to
a federal ID, or as state Sen. Warren Limmer said on the Senate floor, a
"national ID card."

A one-tier or two-tier license doesn't change this reality. State Sen. Scott
Dibble clarified in committee that "both of these would be compliant because the
federal law talks about both of those kinds of cards."

Federal control is far-reaching. The federal law lets Homeland Security expand
the "official purposes" and required uses of all Real ID cards without going
back to Congress for approval. The Homeland Security secretary could require it
for access to health care, toll roads, banking and more.

The Legislature did the right thing in 2009 when it passed a bipartisan bill to
prohibit implementing Real ID. Nothing has changed. Minnesota should not put
unelected federal officials in charge of your right to buy, travel, drive or
access services.

Twila Brase, St. Paul

The writer is president and co-founder of the Citizens' Council for Health
Freedom.

AIRPORT SECURITY DELAYS

First steps first: Use PreCheck

While I wholeheartedly agree with John Freivalds' May 18 commentary "My petition
for a shorter TSA line," regarding major changes needed in airport security, it
would seem a simple, cost-effective solution is right in front of us: Waive the
$85 fee and allow as many travelers as possible to participate in the
underutilized PreCheck service. With the amount of overtime being considered,
hiring of new staff, cost of high employee-turnover rates, not to mention the
millions being spent on new equipment, this would seem a low-cost, high-result,
short-term solution until more bold initiatives are realized.

Kristopher Kulseth, Maplewood

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

When They Say 'Athletes,' What Do They Really Mean?

BYLINE: By WILLIAM C. RHODEN.

E-mail: wcr@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section 8; Column 1; Sports Desk; Sports of The Times; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 836 words

DATELINE: Oakland, Calif.


FOR the last couple of days, Ben Howland, the U.C.L.A. coach, promoted the
notion of Memphis's athleticism, though he was a little bit like Sonny Boy
Williamson, fattening frogs for snakes.

Howland said before yesterday's regional championship game that Memphis ''is the
most athletic team in the country. All you got to do is watch the tape. These
guys are incredible athletically, just great players.''

Howland raved about the Tigers' Rodney Carney: ''He's just an incredible
athlete, 6-7, shoots the 3 so well.''

Not yesterday. U.C.L.A. beat top-seeded Memphis, 50-45, to reach the Final Four.

Carney scored 5, count them, 5 points and spent most of the game on the bench
with foul trouble. Memphis shot 31 percent from the field and made 2 of 17 from
3-point range.

It turns out U.C.L.A. had the ''athletes.'' Memphis had no one to stop Ryan
Hollins, U.C.L.A.'s 7-foot center. Hollins had 14 points and 9 rebounds. On one
crucial Memphis possession, Hollins forced Joey Dorsey to walk with 1 minute 50
seconds to play.

Looked pretty ''athletic'' to me.

I'm getting tired of hearing about all of the so-called athletes in this
N.C.A.A. men's basketball tournament.

No word has been as misused or as miscast as athlete, in its various forms. It
has become another cliche. The word is used to inflate, to diminish, to insult,
to marginalize, to praise. It is used out of envy and awe -- or sometimes
because we don't quite know how to describe what we're seeing.

A broadcaster sees a player leap over the backboard and dunk and gushes, ''Now,
that's an athlete.'' Or was it a cerebral basketball play, requiring the player
to instantly calculate space and angles?

Howland said that one of his assistants ''prophesied'' that Carney would win the
N.B.A. dunk contest next year.

''He is unbelievable,'' Howland said. ''I can't even imagine how far he can take
off from. He's like he's flying. He defies gravity. He could probably go over a
7-footer. He is a lottery pick. It's a done deal. All those N.B.A. guys are
frothing.''

Frothing? Carney may go to the N.B.A., but U.C.L.A. is going to the Final Four.

Let's stop with the all the ''athletic'' business.

I thought we settled this in the 1990's.

This is the issue that first put Isiah Thomas on the bad side of the mainstream
media, when he jumped to Dennis Rodman's defense after Rodman said that if Larry
Bird were black, Bird would be just another guy. At the time, Thomas noted how
Bird was always lauded for brainy, hard-working play, while Thomas was praised
for being naturally athletic.

''All we do is run and jump,'' Thomas said in 1987. ''We never practice or give
a thought to how we play. It's like I came dribbling out of my mother's womb.''

You would think with all the subsequent sensitivity training, we would have
turned this corner. Apparently, the code word athlete is too convenient, and
useful, to shed.

There was a telling exchange between a reporter and Darius Washington Jr. of
Memphis last week that underlined the unconscious bias against ''athletes.''
''They talk about how talented you are, how athletic the team is,'' the reporter
said before asking, ''Are people overlooking, maybe, the mental part of the
game?''

Washington had an answer: ''You could say that. I mean, we're smart. I mean, we
use our ability to the fullest. We're fast; we're quicker than the other team,
we're going to do that. But if we're not, we can grind it out; we can slow it
down as well.''

Later, a similar question was put to Memphis Coach John Calipari.

''They're skilled,'' he said. ''I don't even call them athletes. They're not as
fast and quick as you think. Chris Douglas isn't, Antonio Anderson isn't. Rodney
is ridiculous. Andre and Darius are very fast. But Shawne Williams isn't a great
athlete. Robert Dozier isn't a great athlete. What they are are skilled
basketball players who can all pass, catch and have a feel for the game.''

Memphis wasn't skillful yesterday; U.C.L.A. looked like world beaters. Howland's
Bruins were quicker to the ball and physically dominating. The Bruins were
everything Memphis was supposed to be.

Predictably, players have adopted ''athlete'' and ''athletic'' as part of the
accepted nomenclature of sports. Before playing Memphis on Thursday, the Bradley
players freely used those terms to describe the Tigers. Marcellus Sommerville
said, ''They're a really athletic, high-flying team.''

In fact, Memphis's reputation for athleticism spread to the Atlanta Regional,
where Texas players used it as a frame of reference to describe L.S.U. Kenton
Paulino said: ''They're a very athletic team. You could somewhat compare them to
Memphis just based on athletic ability.''

O.K. These are players, student-athletes who respond in the heat of the moment.
Those of us who watch these games must come up with another way to describe
performance in action. Next up, L.S.U.

Let's dig deeper into our playbook: the dictionary and the thesaurus.

Flex that intellectual muscle. Be an athlete.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

'Dumb Enough' To Believe In The Texas Miracle

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

Apparently, if you disagree with Ward Latshaw, you are either "slow-witted" or
just plain "dumb."

In a letter last year, Ward referred to Republicans as "slow-witted" if they
thought the Supreme Court decision in Citizens United v. FEC was a victory for
conservatism.

In his recent letter to the editor about Rick Perry's Texas Miracle, Ward
declared omnisciently, "The real miracle would be if there's anyone dumb enough
to believe it."

Well, I'm dumb enough to believe in the Texas Miracle, and I'm slow-witted
enough to believe that Citizens United v. FEC was a monstrous victory for free
speech.

Mr. Latshaw can disrespect those with whom he disagrees by calling them names,
but that only exposes the desperation of the liberal argument.

With national unemployment hovering over 9 percent and the president's economic
approval rating below 30 percent, liberals - who have already lost the battle of
economic ideas - must try to attack, distort and marginalize the economic
success Rick Perry has achieved in Texas.

(I urge readers who want to hear both sides of the Texas Miracle argument to
read Paul Krugman's N.Y. Times article, "The Texas Unmiracle" for the liberal
view and John Lott's National Review article, "The Texas Miracle is No Myth" for
the conservative view. Then judge for yourself.)

Fritz Stoner

Manheim Township

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 11, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Letters, Faxes & E-mail;
VOLUNTEERING;
America limited by selfishness

BYLINE: STEVE BENZ

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 796 words


I read with great interest last Sunday's column by Tom Teepen, then went to
church and heard a tremendous sermon on the same subject, in which our preacher
castigated Neal Boortz. How very appropriate that Boortz' selfish materialism
was highlighted the same day in the Perspective section ("Boortz speaks for
affluence, influence"). I had given Boortz the benefit of the doubt up to this
point because he co- sponsored Hosea Williams' Thanksgiving dinners in past
years, a great act of volunteerism. I guess I just figured that his venting on
the radio was only good theater and that no one could actually believe all the
hateful things these guys spout. I stand corrected. I hope the fact that Nancy
Reagan, Colin Powell and George Bush were co-sponsors of the recent volunteer
summit in Philadelphia will help us finally to marginalize these hatemongers
once and for all.

Contrary to what Rush Limbaugh and Boortz would have you believe about welfare
queens and the like, the biggest problem we face in America today is our
selfishness.

Benz is immediate past moderator of the Presbytery of Greater Atlanta. He lives
in Fayetteville.

All we do is give, give, give
BILL EIDSON, Sharpsburg

Somehow it does not surprise me that Tom Teepen, who says we should be grateful
that we do not pay more taxes ("Tax whiners: Be glad you're not in Sweden,''
April 15) also thinks we all have extra time to give ("Talk radio goes after the
givers," May 4). I don't mean to sound cold, but I have plenty to do just taking
care of my own. Let Teepen do volunteer work for me if he has so much time on
his hands.

Attack irresponsible
Dr. JULIAN F. FUERST

I fail to see why we have a court system in the city when the
Journal-Constitution does such a fine job of convicting a person before the
courts can act. Betsy White's "Spotlight" column on Dr. David Morgan ("Justice
slow for accused physician," State News, May 5) is a disgrace. You continue to
practice irresponsible journalism whenever it suits the occasion.

Fuerst, former chief of staff at DeKalb Medical Center, lives in Atlanta.

Special interests' influence
SAM R. SAILORS, Athens

(Regarding last Sunday's article "Georgia lawmakers accept free travel," about a
tour of Israel that U.S. Reps. Bob Barr and John Linder took courtesy of the
American Israel Public Affairs Committee:) I agree that travel by members of
Congress is often in the best interest of our country. But I question the policy
of allowing any special interest to pay travel expenses for our government
officials, elected or appointed. The practice is legal only because Congress has
covered its members, and its members have refused to face up to the reality of
"legal bribery."

This country will never have truly representative government until our elected
officials are prohibited from accepting travel expenses and other gifts from
special interest groups.

Revenue source only
GEORGE KIRK, Kennesaw

Leave it to the Constitution editorial board to whine about $ 135 billion in tax
cuts over the next five years ("Congress comes through on budget," May 4). Over
the next five fiscal years, the federal government will spend more than $ 8
trillion. The tax cuts total a paltry 1.7 percent of expenditures over that
period. The editorial board also groused that only one of the tax breaks (the
tuition tax credit) "can be defended as wise social policy." This demonstrates
that the board harbors the leftist idea that tax law should be some kind of
instrument of social policy. Tax law should raise revenue for running the
government. Period. It should not be used ---as in past Democratic Congresses
---as a tool of social engineering.

Simply American
EDMUND L. TRAFFORD, Stone Mountain

I found the Living article "Race, labels and identity" (Tuesday) appalling. It
seems to me that we already have sufficient social problems without going out of
the way to create one more artificial division among us, one more way to
encourage separatism and dissension. I am so sick of hearing about this kind of
American and that kind of American. Why can't we just be plain Americans
together?

Don't lose another historic building
PATSY DICKEY, Atlanta

Let us not lose any more Atlanta edifices ("Storied 'Peachtree Road' home last
of its kind," Monday)! For the sake of Atlanta history, do not destroy the
Randolph-Lucas House for a 12-story condominium project. Opt for the clubhouse
plan instead (incorporating the house into the development design as a clubhouse
or meeting place).

Developers have greedily demolished structures such as the Atlanta Terminal
building and the Peachtree Palisades, which should have remained historically
important landmarks. Let us learn from our mistakes.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Neal Boortz.

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

York U's religious case likely the first of many;
Increasingly diverse population will mean more instances of competing human
rights, experts say

SECTION: GREATER TORONTO; Pg. GT1

LENGTH: 688 words


The case of a York University student who asked to be excused from group work
with women for religious reasons is believed to be a first for Canada's ivory
tower - and experts say that with an increasingly diverse population, more such
controversies will arise.

Sociology professor Paul Grayson wanted to deny the student's request for the
online course, but first asked the faculty dean and university's human rights
centre, who said he should grant the request.

In the end - after fellow professors in the department agreed such a move would
marginalize females - Grayson denied the request. The student relented and
completed the required work with the women in his group.

"This situation has never arisen before (at York)," said Grayson, who doesn't
believe he will be disciplined for refusing the university's order. "To my
knowledge, this is the first time in Canada this kind of case has emerged."

Rhonda Lenton, York's provost and vice-president academic, said each request for
accommodation is reviewed on its own merits. She said a deciding factor in this
case was that it was an online course where another student had previously been
given permission to complete the course requirement off-campus.

"Ultimately, a satisfactory agreement was reached between the professor and the
student," Lenton said in a statement Thursday. "Nevertheless, the broader issue
of religious accommodations in secular universities remains an important
societal concern that warrants further discussion."

While it is not unheard of for students' religious beliefs to clash with the
secular values in public schools - from Ontario Catholic schools being forced to
let students form gay-straight alliances, to criticisms of a Toronto middle
school that allows Muslim students to hold Friday prayers in the school
cafeteria, with girls seated behind the boys - such controversies are rare in
higher learning.

Debate on how York handled this situation has exploded online, with accusations
of sexism. Overseas universities are also grappling with the issue of competing
human rights.

A Mormon theatre student at the University of Utah tried to sue the school 10
years ago for asking her to say the swear words in a script being used for a
drama assignment.

In Ontario, in 2007, a Muslim art major at Western University failed a
senior-level drawing class for refusing to sketch nudes, a key part of the
course for which officials said they also received complaints from some
conservative Christian students.

Several years ago, York University came under fire for its long-standing
practice of cancelling classes for three days each fall on Jewish holidays. With
the growing diversity of the student body, a professor complained to the Ontario
Human Rights Tribunal. But before it had time to rule, York scrapped the
practice in 2009 and launched a fall reading week instead.

The latest case "isn't going to be an anomaly; there is going to be a
continuance of this situation where rights are going to compete and educators
need to stay on top of it," said Ontario educator and equity consultant Chris
D'Souza.

Cases like the one at York are complex, he said.

"The big thing for educators to understand - and the general population needs to
understand - is that no one right is absolute," he said. "Each agency needs to
look at each case, and make the best accommodation."

While the York student's religion has not been made public, Grayson had
consulted one Judaic and two Islamic scholars and all three said there was no
issue with males and females interacting in public. He said York's position
"tacitly accepted a negative definition of females" that can't be tolerated at a
school where a majority of students are female.

"The thing is, if someone thinks they can have a concession, why not ask for
it?," he said. "I think (York) got itself into trouble, (thinking) if someone
says the word 'religion' we have to comply, immediately."

Professor Paul Grayson will take your questions on this issue Friday at 11 a.m.
in a live web chat on thestar.com - send in your questions, and education
reporter Kristin Rushowy will moderate the discussion for the hour.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

14th anniversary of 9/11: How to uprooting terrorism

BYLINE: HUZAIMA BUKHARI AND DR IKRAMUL HAQ

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 251

LENGTH: 1187  words


The blatant acts of terrorism in New York fourteen years ago jolted the entire
world. The aftershocks of its still continue. Since then the mighty nations have
been unsuccessfully fighting the menace of terrorism, while the entire world is
living under fear. Terrorism, like fascism, is a destructive ideology. It cannot
be defeated without eliminating the causes behind socio-economic injustices and
dealing with the perpetrators with iron hand. Efforts to uproot the menace of
terrorism through military might alone have failed. Mere use of ill-directed
force has opened new battles frontiers in many parts of globe and world
societies are living under perpetual state of turmoil.

The fight against terrorism requires humanisation of societies through justice
and education. This is the only effective tool to marginalize the terrorists.
They exploit the poor, needy, weak and vulnerable. It is well-established by now
that mere use of force and denial of peoples' legitimate rights create extremist
and barbarian groups like Daesh. The doctrine of right of pre-emptive strikes is
only a short-term solution. In the long-term, the governments of the world will
have to sit down and chalk out a comprehensive strategy to ensure that all
terrorists groups are dealt with a strong hand without disturbing the peace and
tranquility of individual societies and the world as a whole. The most important
question faced by humanity since 9/11 tragedy is how to ensure peace for us and
our future generations. No doubt these attacks were a strike against humanity
and freedom. The callous attitude of self-claimed guardians of faith and freedom
also contributed towards it as they abandoned the perpetrators after using them
as pawns in war against erstwhile USSR.

In a unipolar world, after the debacle of communist oligarchy, the
responsibility of western democracies increased manifold to assure the rest of
the world that absolute power in their hands does not mean high-handedness
towards others. They failed to discharge this responsibility. The mankind after
hectic struggle and paying a heavy price won battle for economic justice,
democracy, freedom and respect of all irrespective of colour and creed. The
terrorists and their supporters want to push the mankind back towards the dark
ages when inalienable fundamental rights were denied by the monarchs and
authoritarian rulers. There are debates inside America and elsewhere
highlighting the erosion of civil liberties in the name of defending the
Frontiers of Freedom. Terrorism is condemnable in all forms including State
repression as it is nothing but re-emergence of "fascism". The acts of fascism,
fanaticism, fundamentalism, extremism, intolerance, bigotry and terrorism cannot
be understood in isolation. The economic imbalances and lack of justice within a
society and globally, resurgence and revival of so-called religious groups
(primarily a camouflage to achieve certain political aims) and imposition of
will of the mighty on the weak have all given rise to present-day chaotic world.

Lack of rationalism on the part of the powerful to be fair towards the powerless
has converted our world into a place full of misery, destruction and
unhappiness. The frustration of the powerless gets its vent in ghastly acts of
terrorism and destruction. If we want to change this situation drastically, a
balance has to be struck between the powerful and the powerless. If a large
segment of the world lives in a state of powerlessness, the powerful will always
remain the target of hatred and attack. The powerful want to control the world
as a machine where humans beings to act as cogs. The human beings have complex
individualistic structures and unlike cogs they turn uncontrollable when start
malfunctioning.

The oppressed and powerless have their peculiar ways of reacting, which by no
means can be expected to be according to the norms of internationally agreed
principles. Their destructive tendencies are symptomatic of a sick world order.
Our world is fast emerging as an authoritarian entity reminiscent of fascist
States of the last century where the dominant role of authority in social and
political structure rested with the dictators. In the name of security needs, a
State cannot be allowed to become dictatorial or fascist. On global level, there
are now open expressions of superior and inferior while entering into relations
with different States. This is like pushing the entire World to Ground Zero, a
step as disastrous as committed by terrorists on September 9, 2001.

In devising military strategies to fight fanatics and terrorists, the people at
the helm of affairs should not overlook the human side of the whole problem.
Freedom and democracy are inseparable. The right to express our thoughts clearly
means something only if we are able to have thoughts of our own. If the media
and State machinery is shaping the thoughts of everybody then where is freedom?
If one does not have his own thoughts what does democracy mean? If the shape of
the world is to be determined by a handful of people having known economic
interests then of what need is freedom for the common man? When we are
remembering 9/11, there is skepticism and cynicism towards everything as the
future of freedom and democracy is at stake.

Looked at superficially, people in various societies may appear to be
functioning satisfactorily in economic and social life: yet it would be
dangerous to overlook the deep-seated unhappiness behind that comforting veneer.
The despair of the human life after the 9/11 is not an isolated individual
experience of a community but a world over feeling on a political scale where
dominant thought is losing of freedom at individual level at the hands of
certain forces that lack sanity and respect for human life. Those who are
encountering it with military might are equally mindless of the fact that
suppression of individuals and occupations of foreign lands cannot win war
against terrorism. Erich Fromm rightly concluded in Fear of Freedom, "The
victory over all kinds of authoritarian systems will be possible only if
democracy does not retreat but takes the offensive and proceeds to realise what
has been its aim in the minds of those who fought for freedom the last
centuries. It will be triumph over the forces of nihilism only if it can imbue
people with a faith that is the strongest the human mind in capable of, the
faith in life and in truth, and in freedom as the active and spontaneous
realisation of the individual self".

The same is true for victory against terrorism. For securing triumph over the
terrorists, every person of international community will have to reaffirm and
demonstrate by action respect for life and freedom as the active and spontaneous
realisation of individual self-this in possible only in a world that is free of
authoritarianism, exploitation and injustice. Collective justice leads to
individual compliance of rule of law.

(The writers, authors of many books and articles on terrorism, arms conflicts,
global narcotic trade, are Adjunct Faculty at Lahore University of Management
Sciences (LUMS).)

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

York University student's request not to work with women poses dilemma

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 753 words


The case of a York University student who asked to be excused from group work
with women for religious reasons is believed to be a first for Canada's ivory
tower - and experts say that with an increasingly diverse population, more of
these controversies will arise.

Sociology professor Paul Grayson wanted to deny the student's request for the
online course, but first asked the faculty dean and university's human rights
centre, who said he should grant the request.

In the end - after fellow professors in the department agreed such a move would
marginalize females - Grayson denied the request. The student relented and
completed the required work with the women in his group.

"This situation has never arisen before (at York)," said Grayson, who doesn't
believe he will be disciplined for refusing the university's order. "To my
knowledge, this is the first time in Canada this kind of case has emerged."

Rhonda Lenton, York's provost and vice president academic, said each request for
accommodation is reviewed based on its own merits. She said a deciding factor in
this case was that it was an online course where another student had previously
been given permission to complete the course requirement off-campus.

"Ultimately, a satisfactory agreement was reached between the professor and the
student," Lenton said in a statement Thursday. "Nevertheless, the broader issue
of religious accommodations in secular universities remains an important
societal concern that warrants further discussion."

While it is not unheard of for students' religious beliefs to clash with the
secular values in public schools - from Ontario Catholic schools being forced to
let students form gay-straight alliances, to criticisms of a Toronto middle
school that allows its Muslim students to hold Friday prayers in the school
cafeteria, with girls seated behind the boys - such controversies are rare in
higher learning.

Debate on how York handled this situation has exploded online, with accusations
of sexism. Overseas universities are also grappling with the issue of competing
human rights.

Just last month, British Prime Minister David Cameron personally intervened,
forcing universities there to put a stop to sex-segregated seating for lectures
by visiting Islamic scholars.

A Mormon theatre student at the University of Utah tried to sue the school 10
years ago for asking her to say the swear words in a script being used for a
drama assignment.

Here in Ontario, in 2007, a Muslim art major at Western University failed a
senior-level drawing class for refusing to sketch nudes, a key part of the
course for which officials said they also received complaints from some
conservative Christian students.

Several years ago, York University came under fire for its longstanding practice
of cancelling classes for three days each fall on Jewish holidays. With the
growing diversity of the student body, a professor complained to the Ontario
Human Rights Tribunal. But before it had time to rule, York scrapped the
practice in 2009 and launched a fall reading week instead.

The law school at the University of Windsor was the only other program at a
secular university that closed on Jewish holidays, and it ended the practice at
the same time.

The latest case "isn't going to be an anomaly, there is going to be a
continuance of this situation where rights are going to compete and educators
need to stay on top of it - what religious rights are, what practices are really
deemed recognized practices, instead of one student leveraging for their own
gain," said Ontario educator and equity consultant Chris D'Souza.

He said cases like the one at York are complex.

"The big thing for educators to understand - and the general population needs to
understand - is that no one right is absolute," he said. "Each agency needs to
look at each case, and make the best accommodation."

While the York student's religion has not been made public, Grayson had
consulted one Judaic and two Islamic scholars, and all three said there was no
issue with males and females interacting in public.

Grayson said York's position "tacitly accepted a negative definition of females"
that can't be tolerated at a school where a majority of students are female.

"The thing is, if someone thinks they can have a concession, why not ask for it?
... It's like a student asking for an extension. If I say no, they are going to
live with it," he said. "I think (York) got itself into trouble, (thinking) if
someone says the word 'religion' we have to comply, immediately."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

York University student's request not to work with women poses dilemma

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 753 words


The case of a York University student who asked to be excused from group work
with women for religious reasons is believed to be a first for Canada's ivory
tower - and experts say that with an increasingly diverse population, more of
these controversies will arise.

Sociology professor Paul Grayson wanted to deny the student's request for the
online course, but first asked the faculty dean and university's human rights
centre, who said he should grant the request.

In the end - after fellow professors in the department agreed such a move would
marginalize females - Grayson denied the request. The student relented and
completed the required work with the women in his group.

"This situation has never arisen before (at York)," said Grayson, who doesn't
believe he will be disciplined for refusing the university's order. "To my
knowledge, this is the first time in Canada this kind of case has emerged."

Rhonda Lenton, York's provost and vice president academic, said each request for
accommodation is reviewed based on its own merits. She said a deciding factor in
this case was that it was an online course where another student had previously
been given permission to complete the course requirement off-campus.

"Ultimately, a satisfactory agreement was reached between the professor and the
student," Lenton said in a statement Thursday. "Nevertheless, the broader issue
of religious accommodations in secular universities remains an important
societal concern that warrants further discussion."

While it is not unheard of for students' religious beliefs to clash with the
secular values in public schools - from Ontario Catholic schools being forced to
let students form gay-straight alliances, to criticisms of a Toronto middle
school that allows its Muslim students to hold Friday prayers in the school
cafeteria, with girls seated behind the boys - such controversies are rare in
higher learning.

Debate on how York handled this situation has exploded online, with accusations
of sexism. Overseas universities are also grappling with the issue of competing
human rights.

Just last month, British Prime Minister David Cameron personally intervened,
forcing universities there to put a stop to sex-segregated seating for lectures
by visiting Islamic scholars.

A Mormon theatre student at the University of Utah tried to sue the school 10
years ago for asking her to say the swear words in a script being used for a
drama assignment.

Here in Ontario, in 2007, a Muslim art major at Western University failed a
senior-level drawing class for refusing to sketch nudes, a key part of the
course for which officials said they also received complaints from some
conservative Christian students.

Several years ago, York University came under fire for its longstanding practice
of cancelling classes for three days each fall on Jewish holidays. With the
growing diversity of the student body, a professor complained to the Ontario
Human Rights Tribunal. But before it had time to rule, York scrapped the
practice in 2009 and launched a fall reading week instead.

The law school at the University of Windsor was the only other program at a
secular university that closed on Jewish holidays, and it ended the practice at
the same time.

The latest case "isn't going to be an anomaly, there is going to be a
continuance of this situation where rights are going to compete and educators
need to stay on top of it - what religious rights are, what practices are really
deemed recognized practices, instead of one student leveraging for their own
gain," said Ontario educator and equity consultant Chris D'Souza.

He said cases like the one at York are complex.

"The big thing for educators to understand - and the general population needs to
understand - is that no one right is absolute," he said. "Each agency needs to
look at each case, and make the best accommodation."

While the York student's religion has not been made public, Grayson had
consulted one Judaic and two Islamic scholars, and all three said there was no
issue with males and females interacting in public.

Grayson said York's position "tacitly accepted a negative definition of females"
that can't be tolerated at a school where a majority of students are female.

"The thing is, if someone thinks they can have a concession, why not ask for it?
... It's like a student asking for an extension. If I say no, they are going to
live with it," he said. "I think (York) got itself into trouble, (thinking) if
someone says the word 'religion' we have to comply, immediately."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

York University student's request not to work with women poses dilemma

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 753 words


The case of a York University student who asked to be excused from group work
with women for religious reasons is believed to be a first for Canada's ivory
tower - and experts say that with an increasingly diverse population, more of
these controversies will arise.

Sociology professor Paul Grayson wanted to deny the student's request for the
online course, but first asked the faculty dean and university's human rights
centre, who said he should grant the request.

In the end - after fellow professors in the department agreed such a move would
marginalize females - Grayson denied the request. The student relented and
completed the required work with the women in his group.

"This situation has never arisen before (at York)," said Grayson, who doesn't
believe he will be disciplined for refusing the university's order. "To my
knowledge, this is the first time in Canada this kind of case has emerged."

Rhonda Lenton, York's provost and vice president academic, said each request for
accommodation is reviewed based on its own merits. She said a deciding factor in
this case was that it was an online course where another student had previously
been given permission to complete the course requirement off-campus.

"Ultimately, a satisfactory agreement was reached between the professor and the
student," Lenton said in a statement Thursday. "Nevertheless, the broader issue
of religious accommodations in secular universities remains an important
societal concern that warrants further discussion."

While it is not unheard of for students' religious beliefs to clash with the
secular values in public schools - from Ontario Catholic schools being forced to
let students form gay-straight alliances, to criticisms of a Toronto middle
school that allows its Muslim students to hold Friday prayers in the school
cafeteria, with girls seated behind the boys - such controversies are rare in
higher learning.

Debate on how York handled this situation has exploded online, with accusations
of sexism. Overseas universities are also grappling with the issue of competing
human rights.

Just last month, British Prime Minister David Cameron personally intervened,
forcing universities there to put a stop to sex-segregated seating for lectures
by visiting Islamic scholars.

A Mormon theatre student at the University of Utah tried to sue the school 10
years ago for asking her to say the swear words in a script being used for a
drama assignment.

Here in Ontario, in 2007, a Muslim art major at Western University failed a
senior-level drawing class for refusing to sketch nudes, a key part of the
course for which officials said they also received complaints from some
conservative Christian students.

Several years ago, York University came under fire for its longstanding practice
of cancelling classes for three days each fall on Jewish holidays. With the
growing diversity of the student body, a professor complained to the Ontario
Human Rights Tribunal. But before it had time to rule, York scrapped the
practice in 2009 and launched a fall reading week instead.

The law school at the University of Windsor was the only other program at a
secular university that closed on Jewish holidays, and it ended the practice at
the same time.

The latest case "isn't going to be an anomaly, there is going to be a
continuance of this situation where rights are going to compete and educators
need to stay on top of it - what religious rights are, what practices are really
deemed recognized practices, instead of one student leveraging for their own
gain," said Ontario educator and equity consultant Chris D'Souza.

He said cases like the one at York are complex.

"The big thing for educators to understand - and the general population needs to
understand - is that no one right is absolute," he said. "Each agency needs to
look at each case, and make the best accommodation."

While the York student's religion has not been made public, Grayson had
consulted one Judaic and two Islamic scholars, and all three said there was no
issue with males and females interacting in public.

Grayson said York's position "tacitly accepted a negative definition of females"
that can't be tolerated at a school where a majority of students are female.

"The thing is, if someone thinks they can have a concession, why not ask for it?
... It's like a student asking for an extension. If I say no, they are going to
live with it," he said. "I think (York) got itself into trouble, (thinking) if
someone says the word 'religion' we have to comply, immediately."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            October 26, 2003 Sunday

UNSPIN;
Who's the extremist here?

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 265 words


The Issue: What is the ``mainstream'' and what makes you an ``extremist.''

The Spin: Critics of federal judicial nominee Janice Rogers Brown emphasize that
she's ``far out of the legal mainstream'' (David Seldin, NARAL Pro-Choice
America) and ``embraces the extremism of Thomas and Scalia'' (Ralph Neas, People
for the American Way)

The Unspin: These terms almost always mean nothing other than ``I disagree'' in
a way intended to marginalize one's opponent without actually engaging his or
her ideas or views. They should be viewed with suspicion whenever uttered. In
the case of Janice Rogers Brown they are marvelously inappropriate.

To give People for the American Way credit, it did analyze her decisions, and
was especially critical of two: a dissent when the majority threw out a
parental-consent for abortion law, and a decision to throw out a city
affirmative-action program. As Santa Clara University law professor Gerald
Uelmen points out, in both decisions she was joined by the famously liberal late
Justice Stanley Mosk.

Justice Brown wrote the decision that affirmed that Prop. 209, which banned race
preferences by government institutions, was constitutional. Let's see, that one
was passed by 55 percent of California voters. Are they ``out of the
mainstream''? The court's decision was unanimous. Were they all ``extremist''?
California Supreme Court justices go before voters for approval, and in 1998
Janice Brown got 76 percent approval, ahead of three other justices. Were the
voters who approved her ``out of the mainstream''?

Let's dump those terms and talk about issues.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 Orange County Register


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                           December 10, 2009 Thursday

No justice, no peace

BYLINE: Published By Times Herald

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 509 words


True healing begins when ...

LGBT people understand that the word "sinner," to describe the LGBT community,
is a code-word for "faggot," "dyke," or "queer." Likening us to liars, thieves,
and murderers is like calling a Filipino-American a "fl*p," or calling a
Hispanic a "sp*c," or using the N-word to refer to African Americans. When Mayor
Davis used these words, he sent a message to the LGBT community: You are not
welcome here in Vallejo.

The City of God people want us out of "their" community. Their code words serve
only to separate us, marginalize us, make us demons in the eyes of other
Vallejoans.

Code words cloaked in Christian righteousness provide cover for dangerous
skinheads and other hate groups, legitimizing their violence against the LGBT
community. Call it what you want, that's hate speech.

Now, Vallejo Councilmember Mike Wilson wants us to move on? Interesting.

At the City of God's mayoral candidate forum, their panel asked mayoral
candidate Cloutier if he planned to bring gay events like the Folsom Street Fair
here to Vallejo. No one in the LGBT community ever seriously suggested that
idea. Those were code words to their crowd indicating candidate Cloutier was one
of "those people." It was a provocative insult to the LGBT community, intended
to fire up City of God supporters.

I hoped Mike Wilson would stand up for LGBT community, since many supported him.
Yet Wilson remained silent, letting Cloutier take the heat. Neither did Osby
Davis, the "healing" candidate, bother to correct the injustice done to
Vallejo's LGBT community.

I moved to San Francisco in 1978, to help San Francisco Supervisor Harvey Milk
in the fight against the hate-filled Proposition 6. I witnessed Harvey's
courage, fighting against impossible odds, often, the lone voice for the gay
community. That November, I lost my friend Harvey to an assassin's bullets in
City Hall.

Mr. Wilson, I knew Harvey Milk. Harvey Milk was my friend. You are no Harvey
Milk. Don't expect Vallejo's LGBT community to shuffle along at your behest, so
you can advance your self-aggrandizing political career. You haven't earned the
privilege.

If you and Mayor Davis really want healing, back up your words with actions.

The mayor should tell his City of God supporters: Stop your hate speech. Hate
speech incites violence and doesn't belong in Vallejo.

City Council should appoint an LGBT person to Vallejo's Human Relations
Commission, signalling that ALL citizens of Vallejo deserve equal treatment
under the law.

The mayor and city council should proclaim June as LGBT Pride month in Vallejo,
just as we celebrate special occasions of other communities.

We love Vallejo and want no more rights than any other folk here -- to live out
the American dream in peace, to be treated equally under the law, and to be
accorded the same dignity and respect as other citizens. We won't allow any
special interest group to push us out of our homes or out of the community we
love.

History is clear: Until there is justice, there can be no peace.

Doug Perry

Ten-year tax-paying LGBT Vallejoan

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                National Edition

The death of exams ; Canada at the leading edge of a new approach to
high-stakes, hair-twisting testing

BYLINE: Joseph Brean, National Post

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 1536 words


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of last-ditch, highstress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: The possible cancellation of this year's big
tests. That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to
bump up final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests
at the leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary
schools - the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed off as an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," says Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized high-school exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following,
with a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view
high-stress exams give a false picture of a student's abilities.

In the United States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the
grounds there are "too many tests;" Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are
making similar moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at
specialist public high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that
favours students who can afford to hire tutors. And U.S. law schools are looking
at ways to reduce increasing failures in bar admissions exams, in some cases
letting students skip them entirely.

Driven by recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and
attention, the target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled
- is not the pop quiz or the end-of-chapter recap test, but the high-stakes,
all-ornothing, pencil-chewing, hairtwisting, final exam.

Even China, the cultural wellspring of the tiger mother, is trying to lessen
student workloads. And in India, which like other Asian countries still
generally hews to the model of do-or-die exams and where parents were
photographed last month scaling the wall of a school to slip cheat sheets to
their children taking an exam inside, Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently felt
compelled to tell high-school students these exams "are not the end of your
life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way.

"It is difficult to communicate the pain, suffering, and misery suffered by
high-testanxious subjects before, during, and after major evaluative
experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an education professor at University of
Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test Anxiety.

It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and schools were
revamped under progressive ideologies. But where teachers and parents might once
have emphasized preparation to overcome exam anxiety, now the goal is to
alleviate distress as much as possible by cutting exams or downplaying their
importance.

Critics decry this apparent Montessorification of higher education. They argue
ditching exams simply coddles immature students who would benefit from a bit of
temporary pressure to prepare for the real world.

"Sometimes I wonder who they are trying to make it easier on," says Doretta
Wilson, executive director of the Society for Quality Education, an advocacy
group that opposes the "fads" of "progressivism" in teaching strategies.

She says the anti-exam ideology grew out of the "selfesteem" movement in
education, in which failure is to be avoided at all costs, even when it is
deserved.

"We are now reaping the consequences of that emphasis," she says. "We've not
trained our kids to deal with that kind of stress ... We've done a generation of
kids a disservice by giving them so much self-esteem that they can't deal with
failure."

Once a place for elite competition among the best and brightest, university
education now resembles innertube water polo, where the emphasis is on
participation and everybody gets a medal, says Ken Coates, Canada research chair
in regional innovation at the University of Saskatchewan and co-author of Campus
Confidential, which criticizes declining university standards.

"Employers used to know that if you graduated university, then you had achieved
certain things," he says. Allowing students to skip exams is "taking away a key
element of a university degree. People have forgotten at great detriment that
the writing of a test is a valuable skill in its own right."

There is evidence, however, the slow death of exams is not simply a sympathetic
response to quivering students, but to new science around cognition, which
suggests the traditional high-stress, all-or-nothing final exam under gymnasium
floodlights may not be an accurate measure of learning. "There is a time and a
place for diagnostics, but a sole reliance on them does not seem wise to me,"
says Sian Beilock, a neuroscientist who heads the Human Performance Lab at the
University of Chicago and researches cognitive performance under pressure.
Stressful exams "rob us of our limited ability to pay attention to what we need
to," she says. It is comparable to why driving and talking on a cellphone is so
bad; the worries associated with performance under pressure "soak up the
resources that we could be using to focus on a test."

This is not an entirely novel idea. "Test anxiety. The very words reverberate in
people's innermost beings," wrote Wilbert J. McKeachie, a former president of
the American Psychological Association, more than 20 years ago.

In the earliest recorded scientific investigation of the phenomenon, in 1914,
one in five U.S. medical students was shown to have higher sugar content in
their urine after a big exam. It suggested something unusual was happening in
their bodies, although no one quite knew what it was.

The intervening decades have greatly clarified that physiological picture.
Broadly, the idea is that exams are threatening situations, and some people
respond with anxiety, manifested in heart palpitations, sweating, twitching, and
dry mouth. To measure this objectively, researchers have taken spit samples
before and after students write exams; their level of anxiety can be seen in the
presence of cortisol in their saliva, a stress hormone and an indicator of
arousal.

Darwinists will recognize this as the evolved adaptive response to danger.
Freudians will recognize anxiety that verges on the neurotic, a response out of
proportion to the threat. Less obvious is that the people who thrive under the
pressure of exams and those who collapse under the stress are often showing the
exact same physiological response. Just as "fight or flight" are flip sides of
the same reaction, so, too, are succeed or choke. Increased heart rate, for
example, can feel like panic, but it also means better oxygen supply to muscles
and the brain.

Writing an exam is like doing homework professionally. Students who have learned
in their bedrooms, or at the kitchen table, or under the devoted tutelage of a
patient teacher, suddenly have to dress up, show up and perform under pressure.
As such, it is a preview of adult life for people who are not yet adults. For
some, the sensation is thrilling. For others, it can be traumatic.

"Ironically, those most likely to fail in demanding situations are those who, in
the absence of pressure, have the greatest capacity for success," concluded
Prof. Beilock in a research paper, "Math Performance In Stressful Situations,"
published in 2008 in Current Directions in Psychological Science.

This is why she advocates a technique of "reappraising arousal" in the context
of examination, to think of stressful feelings as part of success, rather than
failure. It is similar to Prof. Shanker's idea of self-regulation, according to
which students should still be tested, but must also learn to "effectively and
efficiently cope with stress and then recover from that effort."

"If the recovery is constrained, then the kid can't think well, can't write
well," he says. The proper response to this problem is not to tell students to
suck it up, but to rethink how exams are given in the first place. Or whether to
give them at all.

Psychologists have a quip about IQ tests - the only thing they measure is your
ability - to do IQ tests. They are not, as they purport to be, an objective
measure of intelligence, like the air temperature of a room. Rather, they are
variable, and vulnerable to luck and circumstance, like the score of a hockey
game.

Exams are the same. They are cruel in their way, in their pose as objective
measures of a student's worth. As the American poet Hakim Bellamy recently put
it in verse, under the title Test Anxiety, the test always has the right answer,
but never says the right thing: The test never whines, but it never smiles
either. The test is already what it wants to be when it grows up.

National Post jbrean@nationalpost.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fred Dufour, AFP, Getty Images;  "We are in the midst of an educational
revolution," says York University professor Stuart Shanker about the decline of
the high-stress exam. "Everything's going to change now.";

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

Russia: Government Against Rights Groups

LENGTH: 3818  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: Human Rights Watch has issued the following news release



 Since June 5, 2014, the Ministry of Justice has designated 138 groups as
"foreign agents". By August 16, 2016, at least 22 groups have shut down. Also,
the Ministry has removed its "foreign agent" tag from 12 groups, acknowledging
that they had stopped accepting foreign funding. Accordingly, on August 16,
2016, the official list of active "foreign agents" comprised 105 groups.









 (Moscow) - In 2012 Russia's parliament adopted a law that required
nongovernmental organizations (NGO)s to register as "foreign agents" with the
Ministry of Justice if they engage in "political activity" and receive foreign
funding. The definition of "political activity" under the law is so broad and
vague that it can extend to all aspects of advocacy and human rights work.



 Initially, the law required all respective NGOs to request the Ministry to have
them registered and implied legal consequences for failure to do so. Because in
Russia "foreign agent" can be interpreted only as "spy" or "traitor," there is
little doubt that the law aims to demonize and marginalize independent advocacy
groups. Russia's vibrant human rights groups resolutely boycotted the law,
calling it "unjust" and "slanderous."



 In early March 2013 the Russian government launched a nationwide campaign of
intrusive inspections of hundreds of NGOs to identify advocacy groups the
government deems "foreign agents" and force them to register as such.



 Since the law entered into force, numerous rights groups challenged the
prosecutor's office and the Ministry of Justice in courts; most lost their
cases. As a result, by February 2015 at least 13 groups chose to shut down
rather than wear the shameful "foreign agent" label, including Association of
NGOs in Defense of Voters' Rights "Golos", JURIX (Lawyers for Constitutional
Rights and Freedoms), the Moscow School of Civic Education (Moscow), Kostroma
Center for Civic Initiatives Support, Anti-Discrimination Center (ADC) Memorial,
Side by Side LGBT Film Festival, Coming Out, "Freedom of Information"
Foundation, the League of Women Voters and Human Rights Resource Center
(Saint-Petersburg), Center for Social Policy and Gender Studies and Association
"Partnership for Development" (Saratov), Interregional Non-Governmental
Organization  "The Committee Against Torture" (Nizhniy Novgorod).



 In August 2013, Russia's then-federal ombudsman Vladimir Lukin, acting on
behalf of four organizations and their leaders who were affected by the law,
challenged the law in Russia's Constitutional Court. On April 8, 2014 Russia's
Constitutional Court upheld the law, ruling that there were no legal or
constitutional grounds for contending that the term "foreign agent" had negative
connotations from the Soviet era and that, therefore, its use was "not intended
to persecute or discredit" NGOs. The Constitutional Court also found that the
"foreign agent" designation was in line with the public interest and the
interest of state sovereignty.



 On May 23, 2014 parliament amended the "foreign agents" law, this time
authorizing the Ministry of Justice to register independent groups as "foreign
agents" without their consent, if the ministry regards the organizations as
engaged in "political activity" and if the organization is receiving foreign
funding. On June 4, 2014 the amendments were signed into law.



 On June 5, 2014 the Ministry of Justice promptly registered five groups as
"foreign agents," and since then has registered a total of 138, including
prominent civil society groups that vigorously protested this action.



 I. By August 16, 2016 the registry of "foreign agents" maintained by the
Ministry of Justice included the following groups:



     Association of NGOs in Defense of Voters' Rights "Golos" (Moscow) - June 5,
2014

     Regional Public Association in Defense of Democratic Rights and Freedoms
"Golos" (Moscow) - June 5, 2014

     Center for Social Policy and Gender Studies (Saratov) - June 5, 2014 (the
organization was shut down - May 22, 2015)

     Women of Don (Rostov region) - June 5, 2014 ("foreign agent" status was
suspended - February 29, 2016)

     Kostroma Center for Support of Public Initiatives (Kostroma) - June 5, 2014
("foreign agent" status was suspended - June 19, 2015)

     Interregional Human Rights Association "Agora" (Kazan) - July 21, 2014

     Regional public organization "Ecozaschita! - Womens' Council" (Kaliningrad)
- July  21, 2014

     Public Verdict Foundation (Moscow) - July 21, 2014

     Human Rights Center "Memorial" (Moscow) - July 21, 2014

     Lawyers for Constitutional Rights and Freedoms / JURIX (Moscow) - July 21,
2014 (the organization was shut down - May 26, 2015)

     Soldiers' Mothers (Saint Petersburg) - August 28, 2014 ("foreign agent"
status was suspended - October 23, 2015)

     Freedom of Information Foundation / Institute for Information Freedom
Development - August 28, 2014

     PIR Center - September 3, 2014 ("foreign agent" status was suspended -
February 24, 2016)

     Association "Partnership for Development" (Saratov) - October 2, 2014 (the
organization was shut down - November 6, 2015)

     "News Agency MEMO.RU" (Moscow) - November 20, 2014

     Regional Press Institute (St. Petersburg) - November 20, 2014

     Moscow School of Civic Education - December 9, 2014

     Rakurs, Arkhangelsk regional non-governmental LGBT organization - December
15, 2014

     All-Russian movement "For Human Rights" - December 22, 2014 ("foreign
agent" status was suspended - December 30, 2015)

     Human Rights Center (Kaliningrad) - December 25, 2014

     Krasnodar Regional Social Organization of University Alumni - December 25,
2014

     Regional social organization "Public Commission for Academic Sakharov's
Heritage Preservation" - December 25, 2014

     Resource Human Rights Center (St. Petersburg) - December 30, 2014 (the
organization was shut down - November 3, 2015)

     Regional Public Organization "Man and the Law" (Republic of Mari El) -
December 30, 2014

     Center for Social Development "Vozrozhdeniye" (Pskov) - December 30, 2014

     Public Human Rights Organization "Civil Control" (St. Petersburg) -
December 30, 2014

     The League of Women Voters (St. Petersburg) - December 30, 2014 (the
organization was shut down - May 22, 2015)

     Free Press Support Foundation - December 30, 2014

     Interregional Non-Governmental Organization "The Committee Against Torture"
- January 16, 2015

     Educational Center "Memorial" (Sverdlov region) - January 16, 2015

     Autonomous non-profit human rights organization "Youth Center for
Consulting and Training" - January 20, 2015 ("foreign agent" status was
suspended - July 22, 2015)

     "Information Bureau of the Nordic Council of Ministers in St. Petersburg" -
January 20, 2015

     Jewish regional branch of the Russian public organization "Municipal
Academy"- January 26, 2015 (the organization was shut down - May 22, 2015)

     The noncommercial partnership "Press Development Institute - Siberia" -
January 30, 2015

     Center for social, psychological and legal help to victims of
discrimination and homophobia "Maximum" (Murmansk) - February 4, 2015 (the
organization was shut down - October 28, 2015)

     Interregional public fund for civil society development "Golos-Povolzhye"
(Samara) - February 6, 2015

     Interregional charity organization "Siberian Environmental Center"
(Novosibirsk) - February 12, 2015

     Center for Civic Analysis and Independent Research / GRANI (Perm) -
February 13, 2015 ("foreign agent" status was suspended - June 19, 2015)

     Municipal public organization "Samara Center for Gender Studies" (Samara) -
February 16, 2015

     Regional Fund "Center for Defense of Mass Media Rights" (Voronezh) -
February 26, 2015

     Regional Charitable Social Foundation "For nature" (Chelyabinsk) - March 6,
2015

     Regional Ecological Social Movement "For nature" (Chelyabinsk) -  March 6,
2015

     Humanist Youth Movement (Murmansk) - March 13, 2015 (the organization was
shut down - August 25, 2015)

     Regional Social Organization for Contribution to Harmonization of
Interethnic Relations "Azerbaijan" - March 13, 2015 ("foreign agent" status was
suspended - July 22, 2016)

     Regional Social Environmental Organization "Bellona-Murmansk" - March 19,
2015 (the organization was shut down - October 16, 2015)

     "Educational Center for Environment and Security" (Samara) - March 20, 2015
("foreign agent" status was suspended - October 8, 2015)

     Foundation "Migration XXI Century" - March 27, 2015

     Eco-logika (Rostov) - April 3, 2015 ("foreign agent" status was suspended -
March 30, 2016)

     Transparency International Russia - April 7, 2015

     Social Environmental Organization "Planeta Nadezhd" - April 15, 2015

     Foundation for Consumers' Rights Defense (Novosibirsk) - April 17, 2015
(the organization was shut down - May 12, 2016)

     Civil Assistance Committee - April 20, 2015

     Foundation 19/29 -  Foundation for Support of Investigative Journalism -
April 24, 2015

     Commemorative Centre of History of Political Repressions "Perm - 36" -
April 29, 2015

     Women's League (Kaliningrad ) - April 29, 2015 (the organization was shut
down - December 16, 2015)

     Legal Expert Partnership "Soyuz " - May 7, 2015 (the organization was shut
down - 25 August 2015)

     Center for Development of Non-Commerical Organizations - May 13, 2015

     Club of Accountants and Auditors of Non-Commercial Organizations - May 13,
2015 ("foreign agent" status was suspended - March 30, 2016)

     Informational Bureau of the Council of Ministers of Northern Countries
(Kaliningrad) - May 13, 2015

     Sutyajnik (Yekaterinburg) - May 15, 2015

     Human Rights Academy (Yekaterinburg) - May 15, 2015

     Ecological Center "Dront" (Nizhny Novgorod) - May 22, 2015

     The non-profit organization "Liberal Mission" Scientific Foundation of
Theoretical and Applied Research - May 25, 2015 ("foreign agent" status was
suspended - September 11, 2015)

     The non-profit Dynasty Foundation - May 25, 2015

     Union of Employers (Tula region) - May 28, 2015

     Youth organization "Nuori Karjala/Young Karelia" - June 19, 2015 (the
organization was shut down - March 25, 2016)

     Siberian Center for Support of Social Initiatives - June 19, 2015

     Interregional Social Foundation for Peace in the South and in the Northern
Caucasus - June 19, 2015

     Informational Center "Free Inform" - June 22, 2015 (the organization was
shut down - June 21, 2016)

     Center for Independent Sociological Studies (St. Petersburg) - June 22,
2015

     Regional Organization for Population and Development  - June 23, 2015

     Geblerov Ecological Societ (Barnaul) - June 23, 2015

     Association "Legal Basis" (Yekaterinburg) - July 3, 2015

     Interregional Non-governmental Organization "Northern Environmental
Coalition" (Petrozavodsk) - July 8, 2015 (the organization was shut down -
December 1, 2015)

     Komi Human Rights Commission "Memorial" (Syktyvkar) - July 21, 2015

     Altai Regional Public Fund for 21st Century Altai (Barnaul) - July 22, 2015
(the organization was shut down - March 28, 2016)

     Interregional Public Foundation for Civil Society Development "GOLOS-Ural"
(Chelyabinsk region) - July 22, 2015

     SREDA Foundation - July 28, 2015

     Non-governmental environmental organization "Green World" (Nizhny Novgorod)
- July 29, 2015

     Civic Action Foundation (Perm) - August 5, 2015

     Alliance of Funds of Local Communities of the Perm territory - August 11,
2015

     Kabardino-Balkaria Human Rights Center - regional branch of the "For Human
Rights" All-Russian movement (Nalchik) - August 18, 2015 (the organization was
shut down - November 6, 2015)

     The Human Rights Center of the Chechen Republic (Grozny) - August 21, 2015

     Interregional Social Ecological Foundation "ISAR-Siberia" (Novosibirsk) -
August 26, 2015

     Perm Regional Human Rights Center (Perm) - September 3, 2015

     Siberia's lifeline (Novosibirsk) - September 3, 2015

     Golos Foundation in Support of Democracy - September 4, 2015 (the
organization was shut down - June 21, 2016)

     Jewish Cultural Center "Hesed-Teshuva" (Ryazan) - September 4, 2015

     Sakhalin Environment Watch (Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk) - September 18, 2015

     Yasavey Manzara Information and Research Center (Naryan-Mar) - September
23, 2015 (the organization was shut down - June 15, 2016)

     Consumer Rights and Environment Protection Association "Princip" (Moscow
region) - October 5, 2015

     Far East Center for the Development of Civil Initiatives and Social
Partnership (Vladivostok)- October 13, 2015

     Russian Research Center for Human Rights - October 20, 2015

     Women of the Don (Rostov region) - October 27, 2015

     Friends of the Siberian Forests (Krasnoyarsk) - October 28, 2015

     Photography Club "Sobytiye" (Omsk) - October 28, 2015 (the organization was
shut down - December 16, 2015)

     Research and Information Center "Memorial" (St. Petersburg) - November 6,
2015

     Baikal Environmental Wave (Irkutsk) - November 10, 2015 (the organization
was shut down - JAugust 1, 2016)

     Glasnost Defense Foundation - November 19, 2015

     Human Rights Institute - November 20, 2015

     Center for Support of Indigenous Peoples of the North - November 27, 2015

     Green World (Leningrad region) - December 2, 2015

     Mashr (Republic of Ingushetia) - December 8, 2015

     Woman's World (Kaliningrad) - December 11, 2015

     Panorama Information and Research Center (Moscow) - December 18, 2015

     Dauria Ecological Center (Chita) - December 30, 2015

     Yekaterinburg Memorial Society (Yekaterinburg) - December 30, 2015

     Bureau of Public Investigations (Nizhny Novgorod) - January 14, 2016

     Committee for the Prevention of Torture (Orenburg) - January 14, 2016

     Institute of Forecasting and Resolving of Political Conflicts (Nizhny
Novgorod) - January 22, 2016

     Ryazan Historical, Educational and Human Rights Center "Memorial" (Ryazan)
- February 1, 2016

     Society of Assistance to Social Protection of Citizens "Peterburgskaya
EGIDA" (Saint Petersburg) - February 2, 2016 (the organization was shut down -
April 26, 2016)

     Center for Health and Social Support "SIBALT"  (Omsk) - February 15, 2016

     Chelyabinsk Regional Organ of Public Independent Action "Ural Human Rights
Group" (Chelyabinsk) - February 15, 2016

     Women of Eurasia (Chelyabinsk) - February 15, 2016

     Ural Democratic Foundation (Chelyabinsk) - February 15, 2016

     Legal and Social Support Charitable Foundation "Sphere" (Saint Petersburg)
-  March 1, 2016

     Centre for Civic Education and Human Rights (Perm) - March 3, 2016

     The International Development Fund for Indigenous Peoples of the North,
Siberia and the Far East of the Russian Federation "Batani" (Moscow) - March 11,
2016

     Center for Social and Labor Rights  (Moscow) - March 21, 2016

     Arkhar (Gorno-Altaysk) - April 5, 2016

     Publishing House "Valentin Manuylov" - April 15, 2016

     Tengri School of Soul ecology (Altay) - May 17, 2016

     Hanse Buero / Information Bureau of Schleswig-Holstein in Kaliningrad
(Kaliningrad) - May 24, 2016

     Krasnoyarsk Regional Public Organization «Agency of public initiatives»
(Krasnoyarsk) - May 27, 2016

     Saratov Regional Public Organization "Socium" (Engels) - May 30, 2016

     Perm regional non-governmental organization "Perm Civil Chamber" (Perm) -
June 9, 2016

     Regional non-governmental organization Integration center "Migration and
Law" (Moscow) - June 16, 2016

     Non-Profit Partnership "ESVERO" (Moscow) - June 22, 2016

     Andrey Rylkov Foundation for Health and Social Justice (Moscow) - June 29,
2016

     Altai regional sport and patriotic youth public organization "Arctica"
(Biysk) - July 6, 2016

     Autonomous non-governmental organization "Free Word" (Pskov) - July 13,
2016

     The Institute of Economic Analysis (Moscow) - July 22, 2016

     Penza regional youth civic organization for prevention of negative
phenomena among youth "Panacea" (Kuznetsk) - August 15, 2016



     And the four NGOs which registered voluntarily:



     Non-commercial Partnership "Supporting Competition in the CIS Countries" -
June 27, 2013

     "The Union of Young Political Scientists",  Karachay-Cherkess Republican
Youth Social Organization - December 15, 2014

     Regional Social Movement "Novgorod Women's Parliament" (Veliky Novgorod) -
March 6, 2015

     Center of Independent Researchers of the Altai Republic -  June 10, 2015



 II. Administrative Court Cases - at least 58 NGOs



 Groups that a court has found responsible for failing to register as a "foreign
agent" may be fined up to 500,000 rubles (over US$16,000), and their leaders
personally - up to 300,000 rubles (approximately $10,000). They are:



     Association of NGOs in Defense of Voters' Rights "Golos" (Moscow) - NGO
lost the suit

     Kostroma Center for Support of Public Initiatives (Kostroma) - NGO lost the
suit

     Anti-Discrimination Center "Memorial" (St. Petersburg) - NGO won two
administrative cases,  but later lost a similar civil suit to the prosecutor's
office and chose to shut down

     Coming Out (St. Petersburg) - NGO won the administrative case but later
lost a similar civil suit to the prosecutor's office

     Side by Side LGBT Film Festival (St. Petersburg) - NGO  won the suit

     Regional Public Association in Defense of Democratic Rights and Freedoms
"Golos" (Moscow) -  NGO lost the suit

     Center for Civic Analysis and Independent Research / GRANI (Perm) - NGO won
the suit

     Perm Civic Chamber (Perm) - NGO won the suit

     Perm Regional Human Rights Center (Perm) - NGO  won the suit

     Women of Don (Rostov region) - NGO lost the suit

     Ecozachita! - Zhensovet (Kaliningrad) - NGO  lost the suit

     Association "Partnership for Development" (Saratov) - NGO  lost the suit

     News Agency "MEMO.RU" (Moscow) - NGO lost the suit

     Regional Press Institute (St. Petersburg) - NGO lost the suit

     Moscow School of Civic Education - NGO lost the suit

     All-Russian movement "For Human Rights" - NGO lost the suit

     Regional Public Organization "Man and the Law" (Republic of Mari El) - NGO
lost the suit

     Human Rights Center (Kaliningrad) - NGO won the suit

     Krasnodar Regional Social Organization of University Alumni - the
proceedings was discontinued

     Regional social organization "Public Commission for Academic Sakharov's
Heritage Preservation" - NGO lost the suit

     Autonomous non-profit human rights organization "Youth Center for
Consulting and Training" (Volgograd) - NGO lost the suit

     Rakurs, Arkhangelsk regional non-governmental LGBT organization - NGO lost
the suit

     Center for social, psychological and legal help to victims of
discrimination and homophobia "Maximum" (Murmansk) - NGO lost the suit

     Educational Center "Memorial" (Sverdlov region) - NGO lost the suit, court
of appeal decreased the amount of fine

     Interregional public fund for civil society development "Golos-Povolzhye"
(Samara) - NGO lost the suit

     Citizens' Watch (St. Petersburg) - NGO lost the suit

     The noncommercial partnership "Press Development Institute - Siberia" - NGO
won the suit

     Regional Fund "Center for Defense of Mass Media Rights" - NGO lost the suit


     Regional Social Organization for Contribution to Harmonization of
Interethnic Relations "Azerbaijan" - NGO lost the suit

     Regional Charitable Social Foundation "For nature" (Chelyabinsk) - NGO lost
the suit

     Regional Ecological Social Movement "For nature" (Chelyabinsk) - NGO won
the suit

     Eco-logika (Rostov) - NGO lost the suit

     Regional Social Environmental Organization "Bellona-Murmansk" - NGO lost
the suit

     Foundation "Migration XXI Century" - NGO lost the suit

     Interregional charity organization "Siberian Environmental Center"
(Novosibirsk) - NGO lost the suit, court of appeal decreased the amount of fine

     The non-profit organization "Liberal Mission" Scientific Foundation of
Theoretical and Applied Research - NGO lost the suit

     Center for Development of Non-Commerical Organizations - NGO lost the suit

     The non-profit Dynasty Foundation - NGO lost the suit

     Foundation 19/29 -  Foundation for Support of Investigative Journalism -
NGO lost the suit

     Association "Legal Basis" (Yekaterinburg) - NGO lost the suit

     Ecological Center "Dront" (Nizhny Novgorod) - NGO lost the suit

     Regional Organization for Population and Development - NGO lost the suit

     Center for Independent Sociological Studies (St. Petersburg) - NGO lost the
suit

     Human Rights Center "Memorial" - NGO lost the suit

     Transparency International Russia - NGO lost the suit

     Interregional Non-Governmental Organization "Committee Against Torture" -
NGO lost the suit

     Geblerov Ecological Societ (Barnaul) - NGO won the suit

     Civic Action Foundation (Perm) - NGO lost the suit

     Interregional Social Ecological Foundation "ISAR-Siberia" (Novosibirsk) -
NGO lost the suit

     Sakhalin Environment Watch (Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk) - NGO lost the suit and is
appealing the ruling

     Club of Accountants and Auditors of Non-Commercial Organizations - NGO lost
the suit

     Women's League (Kaliningrad) - NGO won the suit

     Russian Research Center for Human Rights - NGO lost the suit

     Interregional Public Foundation for Civil Society Development "GOLOS-Ural"
(Chelyabinsk region) - NGO lost the suit

     Human Rights Institute - NGO lost the suit

     Interregional Human Rights Association "Agora" - NGO lost the suit

     Glasnost Defense Foundation - suit pending

     Baikal Environmental Wave (Irkutsk) - suit pending



 III. The leaders of at least 8 NGOs faced administrative charges personally:



     Anti-Discrimination Center "Memorial" (St. Petersburg) - NGO won the suit
but the organization chose two shut down when it lost a "foreign agent" civil
suit to the prosecutor's office

     Side by Side LGBT Film Festival (St. Petersburg) - NGO won the suit

     Coming Out (St. Petersburg) - NGO won the suit

     Association "Partnership for Development" - NGO lost the suit

     Kostroma Center for Support of Public Initiatives (Kostroma) - NGO lost the
suit

     Association of NGOs in Defense of Voters' Rights "Golos" (Moscow) - NGO won
the suit

     Autonomous non-profit human rights organization "Youth Center for
Consulting and Training" (Volgograd) - NGO lost the suit

     Baikal Environmental Wave (Irkutsk) - suit pending



 IV. Leader of at least 1 NGO faces criminal charges personally:



     Women of Don (Rostov region) - criminal proceeding is in process. Chair
Valentina Cherevatenko faces up to two years in prison for "malicious evasion of
the duty to file the documents required for inclusion in the register of
nonprofit organizations performing the functions of a foreign agent."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                December 3, 2010

Shouting To Be Heard

BYLINE:

Cecilie Surasky is deputy director of Jewish Voice for Peace.

SECTION: Forward Forum; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 737 words


Demanding an open  dialogue, instead of a  closed monologue.

Some inside the Jewish world  have asked why a group of 14  young activists
affiliated with  Jewish Voice for Peace chose to disrupt  Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin  Netanyahu's speech to the General  Assembly of the Jewish Federations
of  North America in New Orleans. Five  of these young Jews stood up during
Netanyahu's G. A. address to unfurl  banners and chant The occupation
delegitimizes Israel and The loyalty  oath delegitimizes Israel.

Ours is not the first group to be challenged  for choosing tactics of nonviolent
direct action. Martin Luther King  famously wrote in his Letter from  a
Birmingham Jail: You may well  ask: 'Why direct action? Why sit ins,  marches
and so forth? Isn't negotiation  a better path?' You are quite right  in calling
for negotiation. Indeed, this  is the very purpose of direct action.  Nonviolent
direct action seeks to  create such a crisis and foster such  a tension that a
community which  has constantly refused to negotiate  is forced to confront the
issue... Too  long has our beloved Southland been  bogged down in a tragic
effort to live  in monologue rather than dialogue.

These young activists went to the  heart of the Jewish community to  demand that
our teachers and rabbis,  family members and colleagues stop  living in a closed
monologue and start  living in an open dialogue. Though  these activists would
have preferred  a two-way conversation, the fact is  that they, like many before
them, had  to shout to be heard, to demand that  the organized Jewish community
confront  the truth  that it supports Israel's  illegal and brutal occupation
and  human rights violations with both  money and institutional power.

Jewish Voice for Peace wants open  dialogue and debate, and Israeli-Palestinian
negotiations based on fairness  and equality. That is the only  way to a just
peace in the Middle East.  But the organized Jewish community  works overtime to
marginalize the  voices of Jews  and others  who  support equality between
Israelis and  Palestinians.

And while our struggle within the  Jewish world is personal and painful  for us,
we know that it is actually  Palestinians whose voices need and

deserve to be heard. A lasting peace  will only be possible when Palestinians
are seen as truly equal and their  claims no longer ignored  whether  in Jewish
community forums across  North America, or at the diplomatic  negotiating table
with Israel.

Our young people also interrupted  Netanyahu's speech to remind the  Jewish
community of its bedrock values,  too easy to lose sight of in the face  of our
fears: That which is hateful to  you, do not do unto another. They  wanted to
remind us that no conversation  about Qassam rockets in Sderot is  complete
without also discussing settlers  in Hebron who hurl feces, urine  and stones
down on the heads of Palestinians;  the denial of 1.5 million  Gazans access to
adequate food, fuel,  health care or housing; the escalated  campaign of arrests
aimed at nonviolent  human rights activists or the dual  standards of law in the
West Bank.

But this has been a nearly impossible  discussion to have. Over the years,
there have been countless attempts to  cancel events with Palestinian speakers
or critics of Israeli policies. San  Francisco's Jewish Community Federation
even used controversial funding  guidelines to limit speech on Israel  and
prevent organizations it funds  from publicly associating with groups  like
ours.

The institutional Jewish world,  however, is losing its battle to act as  though
we don't exist. We exist. And  like it or not, many in the younger  generation
are starting to hold and  act on views similar to ours.

One member of our team of young  Jews is involved in her campus Hillel.  One
graduated from the Jewish  Theological Seminary. One is a Jewish  educator; one
a rabbi. One member,  an Israeli, lost sight in one eye at  age 17 when he was
shot by an Israeli  soldier at a protest against the separation  barrier.
Another is an Israeli  army veteran. This group is deeply  connected to the
Jewish world and  wants to stay connected.

It is a shame that in a community  that claims to welcome the next generation,
these young people felt they  needed to shout to be heard. When  the Jewish
world truly listens  not  just to these young Jews but also to  Palestinians
there will be no more  need for disruptions.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 30, 2006 Friday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 600 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


TERM LIMITS START AT HOME

Our unworthy city councilman who owns Ray's Lawn & Home Care should not be able
to have any kind of a contract with the City of Lincoln! It is a conflict of
interest!

Councilman Ken Svoboda wants to run for mayor, but yet he can't manage a
lawn-mowing company that's being paid by the City of Lincoln.

Did we not learn anything from former city councilman Terry Werner? He had a
travel agency that the City of Lincoln was using, and after he lost his seat on
the City Council he declared bankruptcy!

Can anyone see a pattern here! Talk about needing term limits. We better start
at the local level because if we don't, people won't be able to afford to live
in Lincoln.

Tom G. Maul, Lincoln

KEEP TRUTH IN HEADLINES

The Lincoln Journal Star below-the-fold headline June 23, "Report: No evidence
of Iraq WMD," made me laugh. Either they existed or they didn't. They did, and
your article stated they did. I know, somehow you got confused and printed the
opposite in your headline.

You can always marginalize once you get into the details, or include dissenting
anecdotal comments from "experts," but please state the truth in the headline.

Editors should be questioned when their personal politics result in decisions
that gray the line between the National Enquirer and the Lincoln Journal Star.
The long slow decline of the media continues unabated.

Douglas Barker, Seward

HOW MANY HAVE TO DIE?

Cut and run. So now the Republicans of this country are not only accusing
Democrats of being unpatriotic but cowards as well. Strong words from an
administration staffed by members with a long history of doing their utmost to
personally stay out of harm's way, but I suppose one can expect little else from
the party that builds their political house on grains of sand instead of solid
rock.

Consider these questions:

How many more of America's sons and daughters need to perish to justify the
deceptions, lies and fabrications of this Republican administration?

How many more soldiers need to die to stuff the pockets of the president's
buddies and toadies with even more ill-gotten gain?

Finally, how many more valiant Marines will need to be buried so this phony
president, George W. Bush, will be able to "save face" for his disastrous
political decisions?

Warfare fought for true visions, like freedom from slavery or oppression, is
noble, the sacrifice heroic. But dying for Bush's false agenda, based on his
lies, fraud and incompetence, is a devastating tragedy.

How many more need to die to preserve the arrogant little smirk of King George?
Time to say, "Hell No to the Status Quo."

Richard Dale Sullivan, Lincoln

CONSTRUCTIVE DIALOGUE

As an executive golf course, North Forty didn't work out economically, hence the
recent sale. What is the best option for the future? Some miraculous donation to
the Parks Department to keep the area as a green space. In light of the recent
Parks Department bond proposal, I don't see that happening any time soon.

The area is proposed for development into new homes by a local developer. Now is
the time for the public, and more specifically the neighbors, to add
constructively to the dialogue, while the development is still on the drawing
board.

Push for the new grocery store northeast Lincoln needs if that's what fits the
area. If retaining the mature trees and the water features in the area is
important, go to any public forums that are offered by the city and the
developer and put forth your ideas.

Let's all be proactive, offer constructive suggestions to come up with a quality
neighborhood that will be a winner for the city.

Tom E. Adams, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 8, 2005 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

STEROID ERA SHOULD END IN 2007

BYLINE: TIM KAWAKAMI column

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 729 words


Thanks to Jose Canseco, I can finally predict an end date for this lurid era of
steroid accusation, deceit, deliberation and confirmation.

Here it is: January 2007. It's only two years away, although it will feel like
200.

That's when Mark McGwire, Canseco's former teammate and bete noire, will make
his first appearance on a Hall of Fame ballot, and when Barry Bonds could well
be in his first off-season of retirement.

That's when all of this furor will have either blown over (easy election for
McGwire, nobody bothers Bonds) or taken the reputations of both men into the
gutter, or worse.

That's when the Bay Area will no longer be the dazed epicenter of the Steroid
Era, though the shakes and quakes will keep coming until then.

McGwire and Bonds. Two very different men with very different reputations whose
bodies might have been shaped by very similar chemical compounds.

McGwire and Bonds. The owners of the two most storied, most chronicled home run
seasons in baseball history.

McGwire and Bonds. Cleared (or forgiven) together by January 2007, or tainted
together forever.

Now, of course, Canseco is a thoroughly untrustworthy witness; nobody wants to
marginalize McGwire's accomplishments solely on the word of an attention-seeking
clown. Canseco has a new book, and the New York Daily News has described
portions in which Canseco claims that he shot steroids into McGwire while both
were A's and that McGwire and Jason Giambi also were users.

A huge and reckless personal betrayal? Yes.

But, like most snitches, Canseco was in a position to see things non-clowns were
not. He used steroids. He was a senior "Bash Brother" alongside McGwire. He has
reason to talk (money, bitterness) but not to lie (hello, libel lawsuit!).

Really, are the government's firsthand sources in the Balco/Bonds investigation
much different than Canseco? How many willing and credible sources have
firsthand knowledge of steroid abuse in pro sports? Ken Caminiti is dead. Almost
everybody else isn't talking. Victor Conte Jr. and Canseco seem to be about it.

And that is why Canseco's accusations are almost as important as Bonds' reported
admission to a grand jury that he may have inadvertently taken a designer
steroid.

Not as much separates these two as we used to think.

Bonds has taken most of the heat so far because he is still playing, because he
has tread into legendary home run territory, because there are government
investigators chasing him and because he has a personality that does not attract
fervent defenders.

I mean, who's going to step up and fight for Bonds? Jeff Kent? Dusty Baker? Gary
Sheffield? Me?

Yes, McGwire had the flare-up when androstenedione (then legal) was found in his
locker in 1998. Andro is serious business -- it's considered a steroid precursor
because it converts to testosterone in the body -- but that was in the innocent,
pre-Balco world. We are way past that.

McGwire had the wild home run ride that summer, and when he surprisingly retired
after the 2001 season, he shunned the spotlight. Plus, whenever little steroid
blips would arise, he had a pool of good will built up, with teammates and
managers by his side. They're still by his side, as demonstrated by the quick
statements by Tony La Russa and others bashing Canseco's charges.

I don't believe it is as large a factor in this popularity contest as it is in
so many others, but race has to be considered here, too: The black player is
less loved in the eye of the American public, for whatever reasons.

But by January 2007, we will know the big-picture answers. We'll know the
outcome of the Balco prosecutions, and we will see what baseball looks like with
a tough steroid policy. We'll better understand McGwire's achievements.

We'll see if he gets a first-ballot trip to Cooperstown or if he is denied in
the first wave of steroid revulsion. And we'll see what baseball feels like
without Barry Bonds, assuming he retires after the 2006 season, which seems to
grow more likely with each new knee surgery.

Now, we can see the end. And no matter what, McGwire and Bonds are in this thing
together.

For all of his cloddishness, Canseco has given us a Steroid Era framework: a
bold beginning (the Bash Brothers), the awkward middle acts (now) and the
long-anticipated climax, due by January 2007, if you can wait that long.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: VICTORIA AROCHO -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
Allegations by Jose Canseco, left, have people wondering about the achievements
of Mark McGwire and baseball's other sluggers.

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

Rep. Thompson welcomes chance to represent Erie County

BYLINE: John Guerriero, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 721 words


Dec. 15--When Congress is in session, U.S. Rep. Glenn Thompson, his wife and
their dog are in Washington, D.C.

But when Congress adjourns, Thompson, of Howard Township, Centre County, said he
is somewhere in his sprawling district that covers 22 percent of Pennsylvania's
geography.

"Home to me is a pretty large land mass called the Pennsylvania 5th District,"
he said.

Thompson's district responsibilities will be even farther from Howard Township,
which is between Lock Haven and Bellefonte, assuming a proposed congressional
redistricting bill is approved by state lawmakers and signed by Gov. Tom
Corbett.

Should he win re-election to a third term in 2012, Thompson's district will
include eastern and southern parts of Erie County that are now represented by
U.S. Rep. Mike Kelly, of Butler, R-3rd Dist.

The new district lines will take effect in January 2013.

State Republican leaders drew the new lines behind closed doors, and the
proposed map was released late Tuesday afternoon in Harrisburg.

"I'm excited. I would be pleased to earn the opportunity to represent Erie
County, along with the other counties within the district," Thompson said.

Critics have said that splitting Erie County into two congressional districts
would harm its political and economic interests, dilute its voice and
marginalize the region's profile.

Thompson said he understands concerns of not having one member of Congress
representing a county. But Thompson said he shares counties with a few other
members of Congress, including Kelly in Crawford County, and it works well.

"I just want the citizens of Erie County to know that I look forward to
amplifying the voice of Erie County in Washington," he said.

Robert Speel, an associate political-science professor at Penn State Behrend,
said that regarding the area's influence in the nation's capital, "it may hurt
Erie in that we'll be less likely to have anyone from our area representing us
in Washington.

"On the other hand, we'll now have two House members possibly looking after
local interests instead of one," Speel said.

In a statement after the map was released, Kelly said, "As I have said
repeatedly, it has been an honor to represent the Third District in its current
form, and I'm sad that, beyond 2012, I will not be able to continue to represent
parts of the district as we know it today."

Kelly said that in 2012, as he begins his re-election campaign for a second
term, he would begin to get to know residents of the redrawn district, which
will include new parts of Crawford, Mercer, Butler and Armstrong counties, and
will add, for the first time, parts of Lawrence and Clarion counties.

Asked if Kelly requested to keep all of Erie County, Kelly's spokeswoman, Julia
Thornton, said Wednesday in a statement, "Mike's position from the beginning was
that he would have been happy to keep all of the current Third District, which
includes all of Erie County."

The state Senate was scheduled to vote on the new map sometime Wednesday, with a
House vote likely either later this week or next week.

State Sen. Jane Earll, of Fairview Township, R-49th Dist., said she will vote
against the plan to split the county.

State Reps. Flo Fabrizio, of Erie, D-2nd Dist., and Patrick Harkins, of Erie,
D-1st Dist., both said they also will vote against it.

The maps likely will pass, with the GOP in control of both chambers and the
governor's office.

Fabrizio said it would be a long time before anyone from Erie County could win
the 3rd District seat. The maps would be in effect for a decade.

Speel said that Democrats would have redrawn maps to benefit their members if
they were in charge, but he said it should be a nonpartisan process.

"Most Democratic countries around the world create legislative districts in a
nonpartisan way. And several ... states, including Iowa and California, now also
have nonpartisan commissions create congressional districts," he said.

The state is losing a congressional seat, from 19 to 18, because its population
did not grow as fast as that of some other states. The new map reflects that
change.

JOHN GUERRIERO can be reached at 870-1690 or by e-mail. Read the Campaign '12
blog at GoErie.com/blogs/campaign and post comments.

___ (c)2011 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111215-EI-Rep-Thompson-welcomes-chance-to-represent-Erie-County-1215-20111215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 26, 2015 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Playboy isn't classroom material

BYLINE: Maddie Zug

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 561 words


Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology probably doesn't want
you talking about how its culture marginalizes women in technology. And it
probably doesn't want you talking about how it has used a Playboy centerfold in
its classrooms.

When TJ released its class of 2019 admissions statistics recently, many people
voiced strong opinions on its diversity issues. What about TJ's issues that
haven't been publicized?

I first saw a picture of Playboy magazine's Miss November 1972 a year ago as a
junior at TJ. My artificial intelligence teacher told our class to search Google
for Lena Soderberg (not the full image, though!) and use her picture to test our
latest coding assignment.

At the time I was 16 and struggling to believe that I belonged in a
male-dominated computer science class. I tried to tune out the boys' sexual
comments. Why is an advanced science, technology, engineering and mathematics
school using a Playboy centerfold in its classrooms?

Soderberg has a history with computer science. In the 1970s, male programmers at
the University of Southern California needed to test their image-processing
algorithm. They scanned what they had handy: the centerfold of a Playboy
magazine. Before long, the image became a convention in industry and academia.

The use of the centerfold at TJ is consistent with the school's lack of action
in solving its women-in-tech problem. Students are afraid to speak up and risk
ruining good relationships for college recommendations, and the administration
is afraid to ask for public help and risk tarnishing TJ's reputation.

As a result of TJ's culture issue, some young women are deciding not to pursue
upper-level computer science courses. If females were represented proportionally
to their fraction of the TJ class, we would double the number of us in our
advanced computer science labs. That's a leaky pipeline.

I first met with the TJ administration in May in an attempt to fix the
environment in our computer science labs. School officials didn't stop using the
centerfold image in the classroom until February, after I met with them again.

Why is TJ, a school that presents itself as an exemplar of STEM education,
failing to create an inclusive learning environment? TJ tries to get ahead in
everything from SAT scores to our number of Intel Science Talent Search
semifinalists. Why aren't we trying to get ahead in the women-in-tech movement?

Some students and teachers at TJ are trying to keep our female classmates
engaged by organizing clubs and events. We have adapted many ideas from
organizations such as the National Center for Women & Information Technology,
Girls Who Code and Code.org.

To change its culture, TJ should also look to institutions with solutions.
Harvey Mudd College and Carnegie Mellon University each have increased their
percentage of female computer science majors from about 10 percent to 40
percent. The leaders of both schools are vocal in support of gender diversity.
TJ administrators don't have to do all the work, but they should be active and
support their students and teachers in making change.

It's time for TJ to say hello to inclusive computer science education - and say
goodbye to Lena.

The writer is a senior at Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and
Technology, where she founded the Coding Lady Colonials, a club for women
pursuing computer science.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    November 10, 2001 Saturday Final Edition

Seeking Muslim support

SOURCE: Newhouse News Service

BYLINE: David Wood

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 1471 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


DEEP-SEEDED GRIEVANCES: The United States must speak to the 'moderate majority'
in the Islamic world if it hopes to establish a sense of international security.
There is a growing sense of 'Muslim victimhood' that a change in U.S. policy
might be able to ease.

While the United States wages war in Afghanistan, it has yet to open an
offensive on another, perhaps more significant front. That's the battle for the
world's 1.1 billion Muslims, who could become either recruits to radical causes
-- or a new force for stability.

The outcome may help define what peace will look like when the war on terrorism
is done.

In the best of all possible worlds, such a campaign would relieve the sense of
victimhood held by many Muslims, marginalize radicals and empower moderate --
although not necessarily pro-American -- governments.

Such an accommodation with Muslim aspirations will take a creative and
relentless political, economic, diplomatic and cultural effort, according to a
wide range of experts and Islamic scholars. Particularly in the Middle East,
these experts warn, grievances against the U.S. reach back decades and will take
generations to heal.

In some cases, they say, the campaign for Muslim hearts and minds will require
that the U.S. act courageously on its own ideals, rather than on the short-term
impulses that have guided many U.S. policy decisions in the region.

The most important components, as many see it:

* Renewed U.S. commitment to facilitate Arab-Israeli peace efforts, centered on
creation of a Palestinian state as part of a negotiated settlement.

* Determination to champion human rights and broader political participation in
places where corruption and repression have left no outlet but radical violence.

* Cuts in American arms sales to repressive regimes, coupled with a boost in
U.S. economic development aid -- sorely needed in a region suffering from
soaring birth rates, crumbling cities and rising unemployment among restless
youth.

* Reversal of budget-driven closings of American cultural centres and libraries,
important windows into the best of American culture.

"The most important thing you can do is give people hope," said Shibley Telhami,
Anwar Sadat professor of peace and development at University of Maryland.

Telhami and others say the U.S. must begin to speak directly to the "moderate
majority" in the Islamic world.

"These are people who reject extremism, who reject terrorism, who want normal
lives, and they are on the defensive in the fight with the militant minorities,"
said Telhami, a former Egyptian diplomat. "You are not going to change things
materially in the short term. What people want is to believe that peace and
prosperity are possible."

There is another powerful reason the U.S. must quickly launch this campaign: a
growing sense of Muslim victimhood that justifies radical violence.

The air strikes in Afghanistan, inevitably producing civilian casualties, add
yet another Muslim indictment of the United States, said Stephen Philip Cohen of
the Brookings Institution, a Washington think tank.

Among Muslim grievances: children starving because of economic sanctions imposed
on Iraq at the U.S.'s urging; U.S. support of corrupt Arab governments that sell
the West oil in return; U.S. apathy toward Muslim suffering everywhere; and what
Muslims see as unquestioning U.S. indulgence in Israeli atrocities against
Palestinians. Whatever the truth of these perceptions, they are widely believed.

"All this adds up to a single very powerful point for Muslims around the world,"
said Cohen. "That is that Muslims are victims, they have suffered, they have
been hurt by Americans in alliance with others. And this gives Muslims the
status of victimhood.

"And therefore, bombing the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, this is OK because
you are the victim, and any act you take is legitimate."

Another tricky issue is championing free expression in authoritarian nations --
such as Saudi Arabia and Egypt -- that are nominal U.S. allies in the war on
terrorism.

Analysts contend the U.S. must stand unequivocally for political rights, even at
the risk of endangering brittle regimes. But they concede this strategy could be
risky and might even backfire in the short term: Newly vocal minorities could
turn out to be loudly anti-American.

"What we don't want is spectacular, earthshaking change," said Fawaz A. Gerges,
professor of Middle East and international affairs at Sarah Lawrence College.

Gerges noted that in many Middle Eastern states, both entrenched regimes and
their traditional opposition "are anti-liberal and anti-democratic," giving the
United States an opening to support democratic reformers as a third political
force.

"Gradually," he stressed.

But U.S.-backed political reforms, even if gradual, could send an extremely
powerful message throughout the region if they are perceived as home-grown.

"Radical Islamism operates within the Arab and Muslim worlds and can only be
defeated by Arabs and Muslims themselves, using as their argument the success of
models that can be presented as legitimately Arab and Muslim," said Anatol
Lieven, senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.

In that regard, analysts are watching closely to see what kind of political
structure emerges in Afghanistan if the Taliban are thrown from power.

The United States should help Afghani political authorities create local
self-governments, which could join together in a national structure, said Nazif
Shahrani, director of Middle Eastern studies at Indiana University.

"That would set an example and show that we are genuinely interested in helping
Muslims in Afghanistan liberate themselves from 23 years of war and misery," he
said. "Begin with Afghanistan to fight on behalf of people who want democratic
change."

Today, most American assistance to the region pays for the military forces that
many there view as repressive.

In the squalid "temporary" refugee camps that have dotted the West Bank and Gaza
for 50 years, for example, what Palestinians see of American aid dollars are the
U.S.-built Apache helicopter gunships that have led recent Israeli incursions.

For decades, U.S. arm sales to the Middle East have outstripped economic
assistance. Between 1962 and 1999, the United States provided $75.9 billion in
military assistance, not including commercial sales, and $61.4 billion in
economic aid.

The U.S. provided Israel with $14.2 billion in military assistance between 1990
and 2000, Egypt with $12.8 billion, and Saudi Arabia with $44.2 billion, much of
the latter in direct commercial sales.

Egypt's allotment this year of $1.9 billion will pay for new tanks, F-16
fighters, ammunition and other hardware, and military services and training,
according to Pentagon documents. The country will get only $70 million for
civilian projects such as improving health care and education and training
judges.

Yemen, where the USS Cole was bombed by terrorists last year, is among the
world's poorest nations, suffering from "high illiteracy rates, explosive
population growth, high infant mortality (and) low worker skill levels," a State
Department report said this year. It is, in short, the classic breeding ground
for terrorism.

Yet U.S. aid to Yemen this year consists of $125,000 for military training and
$1.2 million for land mine removal programs.

Mary McClymont, president and CEO of InterAction, which represents more than 160
private voluntary relief organizations, said that U.S. foreign aid overall has
fallen some $600 million a year in real terms below its 1992 level.

"It seems obvious that development aid and humanitarian assistance is an
appropriate, constructive and necessary part of any national security campaign,"
she said.

At the same time, budget cuts took a toll on the U.S. cultural presence in the
Middle East. U.S. Information Agency cultural centres and libraries were
shuttered after the agency was dissolved in 1999. Voice of America broadcasts
were cut back and now reach only 2 percent of the region's population. As a
result, the American message does not get through.

"I think it's been a shock to the American public that we're not as popular in
the world as we think we are," said Peter Singer, a foreign policy analyst at
the Brookings Institution.

In all, reaching accommodation with Islam will require a sustained effort well
beyond the immediate tactics of the war on terrorism.

It is "practically impossible for the United States to dramatically alter the
world views of the region in the short term," said Telhami, the Maryland
professor. "That's not a battle that can be won by increasing the appearances of
U.S. officials on Middle East media."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Mcconnico, the Associated Press; Muslims greet one another
under a banner at a pro-government 'Solidarity Day' rally recently in Peshawar,
Pakistan. Most Muslims reject radical fundamentalism.

TYPE: Canada & World News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Kid coordinator gives Manning's attack a mind of its own

BYLINE: BY MANISH MEHTA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 816 words


Adam Gase saw himself waking up every morning to sell insurance, a flat-broke
20-something doing whatever was necessary to pay off college loans, when three
college buddies saved him all those years ago.

"You're the only one of us that's actually doing what you like," they told him.
"So, stick with it."

Gase, a low-level assistant for Nick Saban at LSU at the time, never passed the
point of no return by entering the real world. He turned down that insurance
salesman job and carved a path that will ultimately land him one of the most
coveted gigs in pro sports: NFL head coach.

The Broncos offensive coordinator fits the head coaching profile for a league
trending toward young, dynamic offensive minds even if some critics believe that
a 35-year-old first-time play-caller may still be too green to be in charge. His
meteoric rise is equal parts unorthodox and deserved.

Gase never played college football, setting his coaching course doing anything
and everything for Saban as a Michigan State undergrad. He followed Saban to LSU
before nearly becoming Willy Loman. Steve Mariucci gave him his first NFL break
as an entry-level assistant coach with the Lions in 2005.

His resume includes an impeccable reference: Peyton Manning.

Gase's first season as Denver's play caller was ridiculously successful. His
offense set a NFL single-season record for points and total touchdowns. If you
marginalize Gase as nothing more than a passenger on the Peyton gravy train,
you're woefully misinformed.

Gase and Manning's shared attacking mind-set has the Broncos on the precipice of
hoisting the Lombardi Trophy.

His age belies his football acumen.

Gase played an integral role two years ago reconstructing Denver's offense a
month into the season to set the stage for Tim Tebow's miracle playoff run.
Gase, the quarterbacks coach at the time, helped devise an option scheme with
then-offensive coordinator Mike McCoy. While critics searched for ways that the
flawed Tebow would fail, Gase employed his core coaching principle by
identifying and maximizing his player's strengths.

"It was fun to try to do something that really nobody else was doing at the
time," Gase said at Super Bowl XLVIII Media Day in Newark on Tuesday. "We had to
do a lot of research. We watched a lot of college tape. Just trying to find ways
to put guys in better positions than what we were in when we first started
developing that offense."

Broncos coach John Fox called Gase a "very creative and very innovative thinker"
for good reason. The guy that players affectionately call Goose has teamed with
Manning to spread the wealth on the most prolific offense in NFL history.

"He's our leader," tight end Julius Thomas said.

"He's calling the right plays. He's being aggressive. I just like his style."

Gase's age - he's the second-youngest offensive coordinator in the league - has
helped him forge a necessary bond with the team's most indispensable player.

Gase and Manning need unlimited minutes on their text plans for all the messages
they fire off to each other on a given day. It became so rampant that Gase
initiated a quiet period: No texting on Friday nights.

It probably preserved both of their sanities. "He strives for perfection,"
running back Knowshon Moreno said. "Just like Peyton."

Gase is hardly intimidated by coaching someone two years older. "It's par for
the course for me," Gase said. "I coached Jon Kitna (with the Lions) when he was
48 and I was 28."

The proximity in age with Manning has its benefits . . . and drawbacks. "It
makes it easier when we're trying to come up with code words," Gase said. "The
only problem is . . . all the young guys -are looking at us like, 'We don't know
the quote from Stripes.'"

Manning has become Gase's in-game autocorrect with pre-snap play-call changes,
easing the transition from position coach to coordinator.

"Any time you got a guy that's going to be a Hall of Fame quarterback getting
the plays from you and able to get you out of a bad play when that happens,"
Gase said, "You can't ask for anything better than that."

Gase's star is predictably on the rise after the Broncos' record-setting season.
He preferred to wait until the Broncos' playoff run was over to interview for
head coaching jobs, prompting executive vice president of football operations
John Elway to call it a "studly" move.

The Vikings didn't wait. Gase withdrew his name from consideration for the
Browns job last week because "it just wasn't the right time."

"Adam is smart enough to know that he's still getting his feet wet," Mariucci
said. "Wherever he goes, he's not going to have Peyton Manning with him and this
kind of Super Bowl team.

"He's going to have to coach a team that might be without some parts. So the
more experience that he gets now, the better."

Gase isn't going anywhere next season, but expect 2015 to be a different story.

He probably won't be so studly again.

Twitter: @MMehtaNYDN

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    September 1, 2002 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

U.S. Muslims urged to make voices heard

BYLINE: Tony Pugh Inquirer Washington Bureau

SECTION: Pg. A04

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


America's Muslims and the Islamic faith are losing the U.S. public-opinion
battle and must fight back, speakers told the Islamic Society of North America
yesterday.

The worst thing American Muslims can do is remain silent, said Salam
al-Marayati, director of the Muslim Public Affairs Council, a Los Angeles-based
advocacy group.

Acquiescence is "exactly what the hate-mongers want. They want our inaction,"
Marayati said at the society's Washington convention, which is being attended by
an estimated 35,000 people.

He and other speakers urged Muslim Americans to join and support Islamic
religious organizations, register to vote, protest offensive U.S. foreign
policies, and complain formally about negative media coverage.

More than 2,000 Muslims nationwide have reported faith-related violence,
harassment, suspicion, and civil-rights violations following the Sept. 11
attacks, according to the Council on American-Islamic Relations, a
Washington-based advocacy group. Estimates of the number of Muslim Americans
range from two million to nine million.

Among Christian leaders who have painted the Islamic faith as evil, speakers
said, are conservative television commentator Bill O'Reilly, conservative
Christian broadcaster Pat Robertson, and the Rev. Franklin Graham, son of
evangelist Billy Graham.

Marayati said most Americans harbored no ill will toward Muslims, but a small
and vocal minority were attempting to marginalize their religion and culture.

On Sept. 11, Marayati and other Muslim leaders were preparing for a 3 p.m.
meeting with President Bush when hijacked planes were flown into the Pentagon
and the World Trade Center. Within hours, he said, nearly every Muslim
organization in the United States put out statements condemning the violence.

But rumors persist that American Muslims never condemned the acts, he continued,
because the groups' statements got little or no media attention.

Louy Safi, research director with the International Institute of Islamic
Thought, a think tank in Herndon, Va., said Muslim children must be urged to
seek careers in politics and journalism to assure that Muslim voices and
opinions are heard and presented accurately. He also called for the development
of Muslim think tanks to offer public-policy solutions that reflect the Muslim
perspective.

Contact Tony Pugh at 202-383-6013 or tpugh@krwashington.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Omitted facts

LENGTH: 215 words


In his column "A hollow plea for sympathy" (Nov. 27 and TribLIVE.com), Michael
Kinsley tries to marginalize Catholic bishops' concerns that the religious
freedoms of their faithful are being infringed upon. His arguments against this
possibility are that Christians "are everywhere you look" and that there are six
Catholics on the Supreme Court. Therefore, he contends, the facts don't support
the claim of Christian suppression.

Here are some facts that Kinsley failed to consider:

o Catholic adoption and foster-care agencies are forced to close in New York
state because they refuse to compromise their principles by recognizing the
legitimacy of gay "marriage." Those closings occur despite the presence of
Catholics living in New York.

o Euthanasia becomes the law of the land in Oregon -- despite the presence of
Catholics in that state.

o Under the Obama "health care" plan, taxpayers are forced to pay for abortion,
sterilization and contraception. This, again, despite the presence of Catholics
who live here.

What a shame that Kinsley didn't address the real issues at stake. He just
complains of the Catholics and their conscience thing. Hmmm ... sounds a lot
like that "devout" Catholic Nancy Pelosi.

Brian W. Donnelly

Richland

The writer is a board-certified pediatric physician.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 6, 2011, Saturday

Short takes

BYLINE: Dmedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 518 words


NEARLY seven months after a crazed man shot her in the head and killed six
others, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, D-Ariz., returned to the Capitol to cast a vote
for the debt compromise.

Her moment of triumph relieved the pervasive acrimony surrounding the bill.

While both sides have had their popoffs, liberals have relentlessly attempted to
marginalize the Tea Party as a fringe group.

" 'Terrorist,' 'racist,' 'uncivil,' 'insane,' the list goes on - in this
context, these words have no real meaning," wrote James Taranto of the Wall
Street Journal. "They are mere epithets.

"The Obama presidency has reduced the liberal left to an apoplectic rage. His
Ivy League credentials,

-uperior attitude, pseudointellectual mien and facile adherence to lefty
ideology make him the perfect personification of the liberal elite.

"Thus far at least, he has been an utter failure both at winning public support
and at managing the affairs of the nation."

As for marginality, 30 percent of Americans identify themselves with the Tea
Party, according to the Gallup Poll, while only 21 percent say they are
liberals.

---

THE Young family in Sistersville is relishing its moment in the Today show
spotlight. Their Uncle Bunk's Mustard Relish was a silver-medal finalist at the
39th annual Sofi Awards in Washington.

The Sofi - short for "specialty outstanding food innovation - is the "Oscar" of
the food industry. The mustard relish was featured in a segment on the Today
show.

More importantly, the award and the national exposure is expected to get the
family-owned company's products in 200 stores by November - nearly triple the 70
stores that carry the product today.

"We want to keep our business growing here, in Tyler County," Rose Marie Young
told the Parkersburg News.

"With a larger facility in the coming year, we can offer more employment
opportunities to the area. It's great to help generate positive benefits to the
local economy. That's what 'community' means, to us. We're determined to stay
and grow here."

That is good for everyone.

---

THE Princeton Review (not affiliated with the University) ranked the nation's
colleges ahead of the new school year, and West Virginia

University received high marks in a few areas.

WVU's library ranked No. 16 out of 376 colleges.

Its athletic facilities ranked even higher, in 12th place.

Unfortunately, WVU continues to be ranked in the Top Ten party schools. While it
fell to No. 6 from

No. 4 a year ago, the administration, the faculty

and above all, the students, must work on dropping out of that Top Ten list.

Maybe students should spend more time at that

No. 16 library.

---

FOR years the Greater Bluefield of Commerce has promoted Bluefield as "Nature's
Air-Conditioned City," serving free lemonade whenever the temperature hits 90
degrees.

Controversy struck on Tuesday when a local TV station reported the temperature
hit 90. The official high was 89.1 that day.

But no sweat.

Marc Meachum, executive director of the chamber, said the Lemonade Lassies
served free lemonade anyway - for the ninth time this summer.

If only all the world's problems were as easily - and cheerfully - resolved.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Testing the idea of scrapping stressful exams; Trend to eliminate student
anxiety gathering steam

BYLINE: Joseph Brean, National Post

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 577 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of last-ditch, high-stress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: the possible cancellation of this year's big
tests.

That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to bump up
final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests at the
leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary schools
- the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed off as an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," said Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized high-school exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following,
with a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view
highstress exams give a false picture of a student's abilities.

In the United States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the
grounds there are "too many tests." Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are
making similar moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at
specialist public high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that
favours students who can afford to hire tutors. And U.S. law schools are looking
at ways to reduce increasing failures in bar admissions exams, in some cases
letting students skip them entirely.

Driven by recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and
attention, the target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled
- is not the pop quiz or the end-of-chapter recap test, but the highstakes,
all-or-nothing, pencil-chewing, hair-twisting final exam.

Even China, the cultural wellspring of the tiger mother, is trying to lessen
student workloads. In India, which like other Asian countries still generally
hews to the model of do-or-die exams and where parents were photographed last
month scaling the wall of a school to slip cheat sheets to their children taking
an exam inside, Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently felt compelled to tell
high-school students these exams "are not the end of your life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way. "It is difficult to communicate the
pain, suffering and misery suffered by high-test-anxious subjects before,
during, and after major evaluative experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an
education professor at University of Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test
Anxiety.

It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and schools were
revamped under progressive ideologies.

But where teachers and parents might once have emphasized preparation to
overcome exam anxiety, now the goal is to alleviate distress as much as possible
by cutting exams or downplaying their importance.

Darwinists will recognize this as the evolved adaptive response to danger.
Freudians will recognize anxiety that verges on the neurotic, a response out of
proportion to the threat. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Survey says: taking stock of declining audiences

BYLINE: By Colin Dabkowski

SECTION: BLOGS; ArtsBeat

LENGTH: 732 words


In this week's issue of The New Yorker, music critic Alex Ross takes stock of
the decline in the public appetite for classical music in America. In his column
(unavailable online for non-subscribers), Ross cites a recent study released by
the National Endowment for the Arts, a problematic document which I wrote about
last month. The study shows, rather unsurprisingly, that audiences for classical
music are in the midst of a protracted dive that, for a host of reasons,
classical music institutions have not been able to stall or reverse.

Ross, like the country's orchestras, string quartets, theater and opera
companies (and, come to think of it, newspapers), seems to be looking high and
low for any approach that might usher a new and younger generation of musical
thrill-seekers into the art form's folds. He urged organizations to find "a
deeper transformation," asking what ought to be the key question among arts
groups of any kind as they search for a way to sustain themselves in the future:
"There's a growing feeling in the classical business that the customary way of
presenting music must evolve if new devotees are to joint the ranks. But how?
Can you refresh the ritual while remaining true to the music?"

Ross found one promising example in the efforts of Justin Kantor and David
Handler, a pair of classical musicians who opened a jazz-style club in New York
City to hippify the traditionally stodgy atmosphere that surrounds the majority
of classical performances in the United States. Seems like a step in the right
the direction, and, as Ross pointed out in a blog entry that accompanies the
piece, instructing affected organizations to "drop the mask of professional
aloofness" and start radically modifying the way they interact with audiences.
Hear hear.

But Ross's column also brings up another point about the NEA survey, and others
like it, which has to do with the alarmist nature of these documents and they
ways they exclude or marginalize cultural modes of expression and consumption
that have become increasingly popular in recent years. Foremost of these is, of
course, the Internet, where more and more people are consuming and creating
culture. Ross rightly points that out. Secondly, it should hardly be surprising
that classical audiences are falling off as popular tastes gravitate toward
newer genres of music, rock and hip hop being just two of thousands.

What's more disturbing is the way the statistics mislead some people into
thinking that America is somehow becoming culturally bankrupt, when, in fact, it
is simply undergoing a natural progression and evolution of taste. What I tried
to make clear in my column last month was that traditional organizations -- who
rightly believe that their art is worth saving and probably more revelatory than
most of what we saw last week on the Grammies -- need to actively engage with
younger audiences in ways that don't condescend or patronize.

A couple examples of innovative local approaches include the Road Less Traveled
theater company, which chose to open a live theater in a cinema multiplex, and
the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, which consciously infuses other and more popular
art forms into its programming through such events as Gusto at the Gallery and
Rockin' at the Knox. Let's have more of that, and soon.

***

On a related note, I want to respond to a letter to the editor from Sunil
Iyengar, the NEA's director of research and analysis, in response to my column.
(I feel the need to note here that I did contact the NEA in an effort to get in
touch with Iyengar prior to writing the column, but received no response. But
better late than never.) Iyengar wrote, and I agree, that the NEA's survey has
"wide-ranging merit." It was not my intention to impugn the survey's findings,
but rather to criticize its limited scope.

Any statistician will tell you that what you leave out of an analysis can be
just as important as what you include. In my view, the NEA's survey -- along
with the subsequent "National Arts Index" report from the advocacy group
Americans for the Arts -- tells a woefully inaccurate story about culture in
America. Such reports have the potential to further alienate audiences from the
arts by portraying "culture" in America as a moribund enterprise, and as such,
certainly not worth the time it would take new audience members to explore.
Nothing could be further from the truth.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 17, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lecture on Third Avenue

SECTION: Section 7; Column 4; Book Review Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 193 words



To the Editor:

While I am glad that Meghan O'Rourke, in her otherwise thoughtful review of ''Up
Is Up, But So Is Down: New York's Downtown Literary Scene, 1974-1992'' (Nov.
19), saw fit to quote (however elliptically) my poem ''Lecture on Third Avenue
(After V-Effect)'' (''terror is released in Lower Manhattan'') as an example of
Downtown writers' distaste for commercialism (specifically, in this case, the
then incipient gentrification of the East Village), I am perplexed that neither
the title of the poem, nor the fact that it was originally published in the
first issue of my little magazine, redtape, nor even the author's name, is
acknowledged in the article. These kinds of omissions only serve to further
marginalize the marginalized.

The poem that O'Rourke excerpts was written in 1982, in direct reaction to a
song called ''Lecture on First Avenue,'' by the Downtown leftist no-wave band,
V-Effect, and as a reaction to controversy surrounding proposed changes in
zoning laws, which inevitably led to the construction of the N.Y.U. towers on
Third Avenue, and ultimately to the wholesale gentrification of the Lower East
Side.

Michael Carter
New York

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            August 5, 2004 Thursday

Protester Group To Settle for Civil Disobedience

BYLINE: By ERIC WOLFF, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 620 words


Outraged by the endless public debate over protest permits and locations, one
group protesting the Republican National Convention has decided it would rather
ask forgiveness than permission, and will skip the whole application process.

The group, the A31 Action Coalition, will engage in civil disobedience on
Tuesday, August 31, when it marches from ground zero to as close to Madison
Square Garden as it can get. When the police stop them, members are supposed to
collapse to the ground in a "die-in" intended to symbolize all those killed in
Iraq.

"The permit process has become a joke," said one member of the group, Eric
Larson, at a press conference yesterday. "It's a way to marginalize activists
both geographically and otherwise. We won't tolerate this. We want to take back
what's ours."

Protest groups duked it out with the city for months earlier this year over
where and when to hold rallies during the RNC. The group with the largest
planned event, United for Peace and Justice, had a public feud with Mayor
Bloomberg and the Police Department over their march route.

Last month the group reluctantly accepted the mayor's proposal of marching past
Madison Square Garden and rallying on Chambers and West streets, three miles
south of the convention location.

"We have given a permit for 250,000 people and I don't know any other city that
has given a permit for that size a group," Mayor Bloomberg said.

Reps. Jerrold Nadler, Charles Rangel, and Major Owens expressed their concern
over the distant location and the behavior of police officers at protests on the
steps of City Hall yesterday.

The trio asked Mr. Bloomberg to join the seven members of New York City's
congressional delegation in signing a memorandum of understanding about how
protesters should be treated.

"I don't know why, given 62 years of defending the First Amendment, at this
point anyone should think that I need to do anything else," Mr. Bloomberg
responded.

The memorandum calls for special police training related to peaceful protesters,
limitations on the use of pens at protests, and that protesters be given access
to space near Madison Square Garden.

"The police were already tested once, and they failed," Mr. Owens said,
referring to the peace protest on February 15, 2003, in which many protesters
claimed police had beaten them or trampled their civil rights.

When asked about the group's plans for an un-permitted march and civil
disobedience, police only said they would enforce the law. By announcing the
time, date, and place of their illegal march, A31 certainly made it easier on
the police.

"We want people to know we're not sneaking around. The Police Department has
already characterized us as anarchists, and we're not anarchists. Everything is
public," said another person at A31, David Graeder.

Mr. Nadler said he hoped police would handle the protesters with "discretion and
intelligence."

"If they don't disrupt traffic, the police should leave them alone," he said.

The march is only one example of the many activities they plan for their "Day of
Action."

Also in the works are tents in Union Square and areas of music and discussion
the group called "democracy zones," which will be located just outside the
barriers and closed streets near the garden.

None of the people who spoke yesterday would characterize themselves as a leader
or organizer. The group functions through weekly meetings in which their
"spokescouncil" discusses possible activities. A31 is such a loose organization
that no one at the press conference would describe the coalition as having
members, and they had no estimate of how many people would take part in their
demonstrations, though Mr. Larson suggested the figure would "be in the
thousands."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 15, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

In the ear of the beholder

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Michelle Malkin; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 847 words


The most anti-conservative rhetoric against conservative talk radio these days
is coming from supposedly free-market conservatives. It's disgusting.

Author Mark Helprin's grenade in The Wall Street Journal stands out. This week,
he launched an attack on conservative radio hosts who oppose presumptive GOP
presidential nominee John McCain. Helprin sneered that their "major talent is
that, like hairdressers, they can talk all day long to one client after another
as they snip."

It's one thing to hear such petty snark coming from the left. Outraged that
conservative talk radio has succeeded in the marketplace while liberals have
bombed, and unnerved that new media outlets have upended mainstream journalism's
monopoly apple cart, liberals have long crusaded against the medium. Bill
Clinton blamed the Oklahoma City bombing on the "many loud and angry voices" in
conservative talk radio that "spread hate." Democrats continue to deride
"Republican noise machines" and are working in Congress to marginalize, regulate
and stifle influential talkers - most recently by threatening to reinstitute the
Orwellian "Fairness Doctrine."

But now, we have establishment Republicans parroting liberal ad hominem
rhetoric: Talk-radio hosts are talentless blabbermouths. Their listeners are
mind-numbed robots. Or, as supposed free-market conservative and McCain
supporter Phil Gramm put it in his broadside against talk radio in the
Washington Post last week: "They say they have principles, but some of it is
their ego and power, too. They're well-known, and they're used to having power."

Funny. These trash-talking GOP politicians and pundits had no problem when
conservative talk-radio hosts used their "ego and power" to help kill Hillary
Clinton's massive government health care takeover in 1994. They had no problem
when conservative talk-radio hosts used their "ego and power" to galvanize
support for the Republican revolution, two Bush presidential campaigns and the
war in Iraq.

In major metropolitan U.S. cities, conservative talk radio offers rare relief
from liberal orthodoxy - and local talk show hosts have spearheaded effective
activism. KSFO in San Francisco led the Gray Davis recall brigade. KVI in
Seattle was instrumental in launching the successful fight against Hillarycare
and in support of an initiative abolishing government racial preferences.

Were they nothing more than empty-talking hairdressers then?

The Republican talk-radio bashers did start having problems when many national
hosts harnessed popular grassroots opposition to help kill last year's
Bush/McCain/Kennedy illegal alien amnesty bill. GOP Rep. Lindsey Graham
dismissed them as "loud folks." In other words: They were making a difference.
Then-Sen. Trent Lott lamented that right-wing talk-radio hosts were a "problem."
In other words: They were effective. McCain's defenders have made common cause
with the likes of ethnocentric, open-borders groups like La Raza in redefining
all conservative talk-radio opposition as unacceptable "hate" beyond the bounds
of reasonable discourse.

In other words: They must be shut up. Bill Clinton approves.

Those who most stridently criticize talk radio know the least about it. It is
not one monolithic bloc. Disagreements among top conservative hosts are
legendary. They have different interests, varying styles, and divergent
strengths and weaknesses. Do they do what they do primarily for money, ego and
power? It's an embarrassingly class-warfare-tinged cheap shot.

In any case, if you're a true free-market conservative, it's not supposed to be
a crime to make a profit. There's no shame in making a living by sharing
information and opinions - or in meeting unmet demands in the marketplace of
ideas.

I've done it for 16 years in the newspaper, TV and blogging businesses. And I
can tell you this: Talk radio has been instrumental and invaluable in the
dissemination of conservative principles. Ask any author who hasn't been able to
get a fair hearing in the national press, but who has watched his Amazon.com
ratings soar after a mention by a talk-radio host. Ask any local columnist
grateful for a chance to see his or her reporting receive wider attention.

Helprin accuses conservative talkers who oppose McCain of rooting for a liberal
presidency because their "influence and coffers swell on discontent" and they
are "nostalgic" for the Clinton years. Translation: They're all just greedy
self-promoters who care more about themselves than the good of the country.
Gramm leveled the same attack: "They're people who put their dogma in front of
the interests of the country."

Cocooned conservative establishment snobs denigrate talk-radio hosts for
preaching to the choir. But these same critics have no problem using the medium
to market their own work. Ask their publicists. The message of the
anti-conservative conservatives dissing talk radio: Self-interest for me, but
not for thee.

No need to wait for a Clinton to take the White House. Clintonism is alive and
well among conservative talk-radio haters on both sides of the aisle.

Creators Syndicate Inc.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            February 12, 2006 Sunday

New Jersey considers legalizing gay marriage

BYLINE: KAITLIN GURNEY, Knight Ridder Newspapers

SECTION: Z_NATION

LENGTH: 976 words


New Jersey could become the second state to legalize gay marriage in a case that
will reach the state Supreme Court this week, focusing debate in the battle that
many advocates call the civil rights struggle of the 21st century.

Half of the states in the country have moved to ban gay nuptials since the
Massachusetts high court's landmark decision in late 2003. But New Jersey has
been among a few states that instead have chosen to extend new rights to
same-sex couples.

Gay-rights advocates are seeking to build upon a limited domestic-partnership
law that the Legislature enacted two years ago by securing full marriage
benefits from a liberal-leaning court that once cited the Boy Scouts for
discrimination.

"New Jersey is a unique state nationally when it comes to this issue," said
David Buckel, marriage project director for the gay civil rights group Lambda
Legal, who will argue the case Wednesday. "That became very clear with a
governor's race in which candidates on both sides opposed an amendment to the
state constitution that would limit marriage to a man and a woman."

Seven gay and lesbian couples in long-term relationships, some of whom have
raised children together for more than 30 years, sued the state in 2002, long
before gay marriage exploded onto the national political stage. They argued that
a state statute defining marriage as a union of heterosexual couples "
marginalizes an entire class of citizens" -- and violates broad equal-rights
protections in the state's constitution.

Despite rejections at the trial and appellate court levels, lawyers and scholars
say the New Jersey Supreme Court could cut ahead of similar suits pending in
Washington, California, New York, Maryland, Connecticut and Iowa by swiftly
legalizing gay marriage.

"New Jersey's court has a long and proud history of interpreting cases in favor
of civil rights, and a victory in this case would be in keeping with that
tradition," said Sally Goldfarb, a professor at Rutgers University Law School in
Camden who studies family law issues. "The New Jersey Supreme Court has not
hesitated to overturn state laws, and so these litigants are in a better
position than they would be before most other courts across the country."

New Jersey conservatives are girding themselves for what they foresee could be
another "activist" ruling from a court that in 2000 struck down parental
notification for abortions and in the 1970s decided one of the first
right-to-die cases in favor of the family of brain-damaged Karen Ann Quinlan.

"We're hopeful the court will save us aggravation and leave things the way they
are," said Len Deo, president of the New Jersey Family Policy Council. "But if
they overturn laws here, we'll seek whatever remedy is in our realm, including a
state constitutional amendment."

Deo and other advocates who have joined in the state's case say New Jersey's
high court will be hard-pressed to abandon strong trial and appellate court
rulings.

"The way we see it, the appellate decision really got it right by recognizing
that legally the reason the state is in the marriage business is for the
protection of children," said Chris Stovall of the Marriage Litigation Center at
Arizona's conservative Alliance Defense Fund.

Assistant Attorney General Patrick DeAlmeida's primary argument is that defining
marriage is a task for the Legislature, not the courts -- and that New Jersey
lawmakers instead chose to extend an inheritance-tax exemption and
hospital-visitation and decision-making rights through the domestic-partnership
law.

That argument could backfire, said Nathaniel Persily, a professor at the
University of Pennsylvania Law School.

"New Jersey is trying incrementally to bring gay couples into the same regime of
benefits as heterosexual couples," Persily said. "But then the question for the
court becomes, if you're willing to go that far, why don't you go all the way?"

The New Jersey State Bar Association has filed a friend-of-the-court brief in
the case, contending that the domestic-partnership law has created a confusing
legal mess. Its position reflects comments from same-sex couples who have said
they felt betrayed when hospitals refused to recognize their union or when
public employers declined to offer health benefits to partners.

"We're trying to lay out for the court the reasons this law just doesn't work,"
said Peggy Knee, a vice president of the bar association. "It presents
difficulties for couples, difficulties for attorneys who try to plan for them,
and the bottom line is the equality is just not there."

"People who believe in traditional marriage feared the Massachusetts decision
would open the floodgates to usher in a great wave of same-sex marriage
legalization," said Stovall, of the Alliance Defense Fund. "That hasn't
happened. The decision just hasn't had any coattails."

But same-sex marriage advocates have plotted a careful course of state-level
lawsuits that they predict will ultimately yield victories in key states. The
big question, they say, is whether New Jersey, California or Washington will be
the next to legalize gay nuptials.

A pair of Washington cases that had been victorious at the trial-court level
were argued before the state's Supreme Court nearly a year ago, and a ruling is
expected any day.

"Any time a disenfranchised group has fought for liberty and equality, we have
seen a patchwork across the country as some states move forward and others lag
behind. This was true with racial equality, women's equality and, in perhaps the
closest parallel, interracial marriage," said Buckel, of Lambda Legal. "Each
time discrimination ends in any state, it becomes obvious that the sky didn't
fall."

------

(c) 2006, The Philadelphia Inquirer. Visit Philadelphia Online, the Inquirer's
World Wide Web site, at http://www.philly.com/ Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Information Services.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 13, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CLINTON STOOPING LOWER

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 475 words


"There's a pattern emerging here." That's what Sen. Hillary Clinton said during
a USA Today interview. She's right, but not in the way she meant.

The pattern is that of Sen. Clinton trying to save her candidacy by trying to
create racial division, a tactic that demeans her and only can harm the
Democratic Party's efforts to win the presidency. It began months ago in South
Carolina, and it continued last week.

Referring to an Associated Press article, Sen. Clinton said that it "found how
Sen. Obama's support among working, hard-working Americans, white Americans, is
weakening again. ..." So only lazy white Americans support Sen. Obama, along
with lazy blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans and Asian-Americans? Her comment
could have been the text of a campaign ad for Jesse Helms.

If Sen. Clinton's intent -- despite her words -- was not to equate hard-working
with white, it is impossible to give her the benefit of the doubt, given the
trend that has emerged from her campaign and supporters. Bill Clinton started it
when he tried to marginalize Sen. Obama as owing his victory in South Carolina
solely to race. Geraldine Ferraro went next, crediting race alone for Sen.
Obama's success. Then came Gloria Steinem, who claims that Sen. Obama is the
front-runner because race concerns in America trump gender concerns.

Sen. Clinton repeatedly has tried to portray Sen. Obama as unelectable because
he doesn't appeal enough to working-class white voters. That seed-of-doubt
strategy relies on voters rejecting Sen. Obama because of his race. Yet as Sen.
Obama's campaign manager told Fox News Sunday, Sen. Clinton's "thesis was
wrong." In Indiana, David Axelrod said, "we split voters who make $50,000 a year
or less evenly. We did better among non-college-educated voters there. And the
same is true in North Carolina than in some ... preceding states." Sen. Obama
won a higher percentage of white voters in Indiana than he did in Ohio two
months ago.

As expected, Sen. Clinton denied any attempt to be racially divisive: "These are
the people you have to win if you're a Democrat in sufficient numbers to
actually win the election. Everybody knows that." In fact, Bill Clinton won
reelection in 1996 despite losing the white vote. In 2000, George Bush beat Al
Gore by roughly 20 points among white men, and still lost the popular vote by
half a million. If Sen. Obama can continue his recovery from the Jeremiah Wright
and "bitter" controversies, the pressure will be on John McCain to show why four
more years of George Bush economics would be good not just for working men but
working women.

As Sen. Clinton gets more divisive, she gets less popular. Sen. Obama leads
among superdelegates, to whom Sen. Clinton is making her race-based pitch. Her
negatives are rising. Hard-working Americans of every color are tired of
polarizing, race-card politics.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           October 31, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: VIEWS & NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 697 words


I opened my Tampa Tribune Monday morning and saw another story on the Benghazi
tragedy. This story is about the personal horror of finding out your son was
killed in a firefight that should never have happened if there had been adequate
security ("Benghazi victim's dad wants answers," front page). In order to
"normalize" conditions in Benghazi, security forces were reduced, according to
Congressional testimony. What does that mean, and what kind of convoluted
thinking comes to that conclusion when two other attacks on the same consulate
happened earlier this year?

The president has started saying on the stump that "trust" is important. I agree
and believe that trust is the operative word. Do I trust the man who said his
administration would be the most transparent ever and has been anything but
transparent? When we needed open and transparent information about Fast and
Furious, information was shut down by any means possible, including executive
privilege, which has kept information regarding the death of Brian Terry from
his family.

Leaving out other examples, now Benghazi. We have been lied to, and a full
coverup is in progress while the president speaks of "trust." Four American
families are left waiting and wanting information. America is waiting and
wanting answers.

During the derisive 2008 primary between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, this
question was raised: "Who do you trust to answer that 3 a.m. call?" That call
came on Sept. 11, 2012, and both Clinton and President Obama failed to answer
the phone. They blew "trust" right out of the water.

Judy Wise

Plant City

'Benghazigate'

I thank The Tampa Tribune for printing "Benghazi victim's dad wants answers." As
a professor of psychology, emeritus, at Florida International University and a
long-time researcher and writer on fatherhood and divorce, I know the family
courts do everything in their power to marginalize or sever the father-child
relationship. They were so successful in this case that the divorced father only
learned of his son's tragic death from a chance media viewing, and he was
unsuccessful in getting any worthwhile information from the Obama
administration.

As Ray Smith demanded: "I want answers. I want to know how he died. I want
people brought to justice who did this to him." The nation also wants to know.
This will happen only if the fourth estate rises to its responsibility and
follows up Watergate with "Benghazigate."

Gordon E. Finley

Miami

Nocco's leadership

Regarding "Bogart for Pasco sheriff" (Our Views, Oct. 26):

It is rare that you come across extraordinary leaders -- the ones who inspire
but also effectuate real change, because true character and talent resides
within. In just short of 18 months, Pasco County Sheriff Chris Nocco has
strengthened the sheriff's office by aggressive training, consolidating the
S.W.A.T. teams, implementing intelligence-led policing, eliminating unnecessary
costs and establishing the greatest movement with community partners that Pasco
has experienced.

The sheriff has expanded crisis intervention training, where officers learn to
assist the mentally ill. He has taken the bulls by the horns in dealing with the
pill epidemic in Pasco. He is tough on crime but also provides recovery measures
for those who desire to address their issues. One of these programs is Celebrate
Recovery. This faith-based program deals with the emotional/spiritual root
causes of addiction, such as hurts and anger. Also, he has expanded preventive
youth programs such as Explorer Post 916 and the Youth Athletic League.
Intelligence-led policing has yielded great results, increasing the overall
effectiveness of the sheriff's office. I have never observed such strong morale
within the ranks. There is only one explanation -- Nocco's leadership.

As a U.S. Air Force veteran officer, ordained clergy and participant in a
similar athletic youth league as a teenager, I recognize extraordinary
leadership when I see it. The cornerstones of leadership are integrity and
courage, and the fruit is evident with Sheriff Nocco.

Minerva Diaz

Trinity

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           October 8, 2008 Wednesday

Lively blog lampoons U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann

BYLINE: By Dennis Lien dlien@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: POLITICS; Election Campaign; Minnesota-Twin Cities; Local

LENGTH: 840 words


If you want to read up on Rep. Michele Bachmann, you could check out her
political Web site or, for a more critical view, go to Eva Young's.

There, you can track Bachmann's comings and goings -- done in almost certainly
greater detail than the socially conservative Republican congresswoman prefers.

There's a lengthy discourse on whether Bachmann will attend a debate. And a
video link to a snarky award from a detractor. There's even a piece questioning
some past campaign contributions.

From its debut in 2004, the site, dumpbachmann.blogspot.com , has been home to a
hyperactive collection of people who find Bachmann oddly compelling. They chart
her activities, dwell on her politics and call attention to such gaffes as
telling a national television audience the recent Republican National Convention
would be in Minneapolis instead of St. Paul.

At a time when political blogs are becoming increasingly common, it's one of the
few, and by far the liveliest, aimed specifically at members of Minnesota's
congressional delegation. Another, dumpjohnkline.blogspot.com , focuses on U.S.
Rep. John Kline of the 2nd District.

Young started her blog after watching then-state Sen. Bachmann try to put a
proposal on the ballot banning same-sex marriages. A Minneapolis lesbian, Young
hasn't let it go since.

"I was offended by her effort to marginalize gay people for her political
gain,'' said Young, who considers Bachmann a colorful politician who does and
says enough attention-getting things to keep the blog lively.

Bachmann's willingness to take on hot-button issues such as abortion and gay
marriage and mix them with religious zeal explains some of the blog activity.
She also has become a popular guest on cable-television talk shows, espousing
conservative opinions on the economy and energy-related matters.

But Young said her physical appearance and forceful personality provide an extra
ingredient.

"She's a tiny person, but she's bigger than life in the way she speaks,'' Young
said.

A Bachmann spokeswoman, Michelle Marston, said the campaign pays no attention to
the blog.

"We just don't think about it,'' Marston said. "They are not worth it. It's a
few people who apparently have nothing else to do besides find fault with
Congresswoman Bachmann, who is fully committed to meeting the needs of her
constituents. That is not their agenda.''

Marston bemoaned what she observed is a greater level of critical blog activity
in congressional districts nationwide.

"I find it really sad because it sours people on the process,'' said Marston,
adding she doesn't believe the anti-Bachmann blog is very influential.

"I think their vitriol is so obvious that it sours people on what they are
saying,'' she added. "They don't come across as being very credible with the
typical voter.''

Bachmann is seeking a second term in the 6th District. Her opponents are
Democrat Elwyn Tinklenberg and Independence Party candidate Bob Anderson.

Young said she spends an hour or two every evening updating the blog.
Minneapolis cartoonist Ken Avidor handles the video items.

"What I bring to the blog is not only documentation and video, but a little bit
of humor,'' Avidor said.

In all, a half-dozen or so people contribute, some of them with provocative,
in-your-face bits of rhetoric that Young doesn't tone down. Besides skewering
Bachmann, they take occasional shots at the mainstream media that cover her.

"It's a group effort,'' Young said. "It's an eclectic group of people who've
gotten together online.''

Like many other blogs, Young's effort makes no pretense of neutrality; that
enables it to say things and bring up issues that more traditional news
operations can't or won't.

A longtime Bachmann watcher and critic, Karl Bremer, of Stillwater, has
contributed stories and comments to Young's blog and to other outlets, often
comparing Bachmann's public statements with her actual votes. He contends
there's no shortage of material.

"She's constantly taking credit for things she doesn't do,'' contended Bremer,
citing recent public statements backing renewable energy initiatives and past
votes against renewable tax credits and incentives. "It's the hypocrisy.''

Bremer said her intense partisanship motivates him.

"I simply want a representative in Congress,'' Bremer said. "That is something I
don't have or something anyone who disagrees with her doesn't have.''

Despite what Marston said, Young contends Bachmann staffers read the blog
regularly and respond to it. How does she know?

On several occasions, she said, Bachmann has stopped talking about issues that
have been raised on the blog or doesn't go to events that have been posted on
it.

Young said she was tempted once to drop the blog, but got re-energized when a
new controversy popped up and she got a tip on an interesting story.

"There I was, going to stop the blog because I was sick of it, and then it
really took off,'' she said.

"She keeps on producing this rich mother lode of material,'' Young added. "It's
like you can't make this stuff up.''

Dennis Lien can be reached at 651-228-5588.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            February 9, 2007 Friday

The Place of Conservative Thought in Intellectual Life

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 13 Vol. 53 No. 23

LENGTH: 694 words


To the Editor:

Mark Bauerlein's thoughtful piece on the tenuous place of conservatives on our
campuses ignores an important historical fact ("How Academe Shortchanges
Conservative Thinking," The Chronicle Review, December 15). He writes that on
the campus, "conservative intellectuals remain stymied. Their relationship to
the universities in which they found their calling and to the curriculum and
scholarship they studied -- that remains tenuous."

Maybe that is so now, but when I started college, at the beginning of the 1960s,
the only liberal faculty members on my campus were the young man wearing a
turtleneck and the old man wearing dungarees. The rest of the faculty were
conservative or moderate in their views. ... When I went to graduate school, the
only radical in the department signaled his allegiance by wearing a red tie; the
conservatives on the faculty far outnumbered the moderates. To be a liberal
meant that one was opposed to McCarthyite tactics. No attempt was made to
marginalize conservatives; they ran the place.

Graduate students radicalized by the late 1960s who entered the job market in
the 1970s and after may have swung the balance of the faculty the other way, but
administration is still, by and large, in the hands of fiscal and policy
conservatives (after all, the big donors are often conservative), and liberal
faculty members have little power to alter these arrangements.

Peter Charles Hoffer
Professor of History
University of Georgia
Athens, Ga.

***

To the Editor:

Mark Bauerlein gets off to a shaky start for someone who wants readers to
believe that academe shortchanges conservative thinking. He writes: "Thirty
years ago, the only place to find conservatives on television was Firing Line,
William F. Buckley's urbane talk show. Today they appear on Meet the Press and
60 Minutes."

Of course, as those among us who have been watching television for 30 years will
recall, conservatives appeared on Meet the Press and 60 Minutes then, too. The
Saturday Night Live parody of "Point-Counterpoint," a popular feature of 60
Minutes, would have made little sense without the conservative side. Thirty
years ago, we routinely heard from James Kilpatrick on both 60 Minutes and
Agronsky & Company; Robert Novak could be seen holding forth on Meet the Press;
and both followed in the wake of a multitude of conservative broadcasters. ...

Mr. Bauerlein shortchanges history. Essays such as his do far more to "darken
the fate of the conservative tradition" than anything liberals in academe might
do.

Aldon Lynn Nielsen
Professor of American Literature
Pennsylvania State University
University Park, Pa.

***

To the Editor:

I respect Mark Bauerlein's appeal for more scholarly attention to conservative
intellectuals....

But I suggest a different reason for the neglect of serious conservative
thinkers in the academic world: Many conservative intellectuals today have
discredited their predecessors through distorting their ideas into
rationalizations for Republican politics, which the earlier thinkers would have
found repugnant. Prominent scholars such as Thomas Sowell and Walter Williams --
along with journalists such as Irving and William Kristol, George Will, P.J.
O'Rourke, and David Horowitz -- pose as acolytes of Leo Strauss or Friedrich A.
von Hayek but are in reality cynical publicists for the Republican machine,
oligopolistic corporations, and vulgarian billionaires like Richard Mellon
Scaife and Rupert Murdoch.

The most modest proposals for liberal reform, like President Clinton's ill-fated
national-health-insurance program, are demonized by these intellectuals.
Conservative economists at think tanks like the Cato Institute and the Heritage
Foundation have responded to liberals' evidence to the contrary mainly by
evading it with sophistic studies. ...

Bauerlein hints, but never quite admits, that the current paucity of first-rate
conservative scholars may be due less to liberal bias than to the many
conservatives themselves who have chosen to become well-rewarded propagandists
rather than intellectuals of integrity.

Donald Lazere
Professor Emeritus of English
California Polytechnic State University
San Luis Obispo, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             June 29, 2008, Sunday

Sexism doesn't explain Hillary's struggles

BYLINE: Cody Corliss

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 402 words


Sexism has become the latest trope to explain Hillary Clinton's faltering
presidential bid. The glass ceiling was just too much, her feminist supporters
claim, and even a hard-charging New York senator couldn't break it. It's not
her, they say. It's us.

The sexism argument is wrong and misguided. It's not just a disservice to Barack
Obama and the voters who support him. It also marginalizes Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton is more than just the "woman candidate." She has transcended
gender in the same way that Obama has been said to transcend race.

Yes, there are still the occasional sexists in America. I've read the occasional
Vent line comment. And there were those guys in New Hampshire who told Hillary
to iron their shirts. But through it all, these are more the exception than the
rule. And of course, there is also the occasional racist in America, too. Some
of them read the Turner Diaries in far-off compounds. Others shop in your local
supermarket. Still, both racists and sexists are thankfully fading minorities.

Hillary Clinton is a great candidate. She's smart, competent, and hard-working.
She shined in the debates. She outlasted many others who never made it this far.
But she's just the wrong candidate in this election cycle. After eight years in
George Bush's America, the voters are clamoring for change. And Hillary - the
wife of a two-term president - just isn't the change candidate.

I'm in my late 20s, and pollsters put me into the category of a Gen X voter. For
me, gender (and race) just isn't such a big deal. In fact, like many of my
fellow Gen X-er friends, I came from a divorced family headed by a single mom. I
know what a great woman can do: I watched my mom hold a job, and then take a
second part-time job to help pay the bills. She did it all while raising three
kids. The fact that I always had clean clothes and a packed lunch for school
seems miraculous in retrospect.

In this election cycle, West Virginia voted for many talented women - Margaret
Workman, Natalie Tennant and Hillary herself. Are we more enlightened (or more
racist) than voters in the states supporting Obama? I doubt it.

Just as Barack Obama is a candidate who represents more than his race, Hillary
Clinton is more than her gender. Much of politics is good timing. This time,
Barack Obama is the right candidate at the right time.

Corliss, a Wetzel County native, is a law student at Cornell University.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    November 5, 2003 Wednesday Home Edition

READERS RESPOND

BYLINE: KIP HOWARD, JERRY MCQUADE, LISA RUFO, JOAN WALKER, THOMAS C. FELDMAN,
BUDDY DELOACH, GEORGE MORTENSEN, RANDY ARNOLD

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 848 words


Ten Commandments: Responses to the editorial "Protesters lack concrete cause,"
@issue, Nov. 3

Not a threat to freedom

While criticizing the attempt by some to post the Ten Commandments in the
Cherokee County courthouse, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution suggested that
doing so would "glaringly violate the constitutional separation of church and
state that keeps America from turning into Afghanistan or Saudi Arabia." What a
glaringly ridiculous bit of hyperbolic hogwash!

The Ten Commandments have been posted in U.S. courthouses for years, not to
mention using the Bible to swear in witnesses, and I hardly think our great
country can be compared with oppressive Middle Eastern theocracies,
dictatorships, and monarchies. If anything, acknowledging and fearing the
Christian God Almighty is what's kept this nation free and blessed for more than
200 years.

Displaying the Ten Commandments is not and never will be a threat to freedom in
our nation, and the AJC's participation on the agenda to marginalize Christians
in this country is easy enough to see through.

KIP HOWARD, Marietta

Media thrive on attacks on Christians

Your editorial lends more proof that it's open season on Christians and
Christian causes by the media. I found your article to be extremely insulting to
those of us who believe the Ten Commandments should be displayed in the public
square.

To that end, please don't bother to contact me about renewing my subscription to
your newspaper. The money will be better spent on my favorite charity.

JERRY McQUADE, Kennesaw

Keep religious beliefs a personal matter

Do the supporters of these monuments in public places not understand that the
Ten Commandments are sacred text and begin with a mention of God? It clearly
sends the message that their God and their Christian beliefs supercede anyone
else's.

This is a country made up of all faiths and some people who do not believe in
God. Religion or belief in God is a personal matter, not a public one, and I
resent having their faith shoved down my throat. There is another world out
there besides their own.

LISA RUFO, Powder Springs

New Attitudes writer touches human nerve

I was deeply moved by the New Attitudes column ( "His name is Legion, yet it's
not news," @issue, Nov. 4). What insight and journalistic skill from one so
young!

Hope stays alive when such a mind and heart are revealed, for it is apparent
that we adults have neglected the human condition and squandered our treasure
upon mindless pursuits.

JOAN WALKER, Decatur

Zell Miller

Democrats' ploy has backfired

I couldn't help but grin while reading David Worley's article ("Miller grows
more like Maddox," @issue, Oct. 31). As a former aide to the late Republican
Sen. Paul Coverdell, whom Democrat Zell Miller was appointed to replace, my
response to Worley is that you reap what you sow.

Miller swung precipitously to the right during his second term as governor, and
anyone who has observed politics for more than 10 minutes could tell that he was
going to be one cantankerous member of the Senate Democratic Caucus. His party's
ham-fisted effort to pull a Senate seat out from under the GOP has backfired on
an unimaginable scale.

As a Southern Republican, I hope that Worley and his associates continue to
regard Miller as a crank instead of their last chance.

THOMAS C. FELDMAN

Feldman, of Braselton, was aide to Sen. Paul Coverdell, 1997-2000.

Georgians come before party ties

I have never been more proud of my friend Zell Miller. He and I have talked from
time to time about what it meant to be independent. He understood my struggle to
find my place in the two-party system in Georgia and always encouraged me to put
the people of Georgia first.

His new book has helped me understand my feelings when the Democratic Party
stopped caring about so many loyal party members in Georgia. Thank you, Zell,
for your contributions to the people of this state and this nation.

BUDDY DeLOACH

DeLoach (I-Hinesville) is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives.

Senators' secrecy on vote disturbing

The U.S. Senate has voted to approve President Bush's request for $87 billion
for our military and Iraq's reconstruction ("Senate passes Iraq aid," Page One,
Nov. 4).

Whether you agree with this expenditure, every American should be outraged by
the process. While the House of Representatives had the political fortitude to
approve this bill by a standard vote of each member, the Senate did not --- they
hid their votes behind a rare voice vote.

If this doesn't bother you, it should. How can we hold our individual
representatives accountable if we have no idea where they stand on such an
important issue?

GEORGE MORTENSEN, Roswell

Find a new fixation

With all the problems Atlanta and Georgia have (crumbling sewer systems and HOPE
scholarship shortfalls, for instance), to expend so much energy on the whole
Michael Adams-Vince Dooley fiasco is pitiful. Don't you people have a life other
than the University of Georgia?

RANDY ARNOLD, Stockbridge

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Depict of Moses holding the Ten Commandments above his head. /
T. LEVETTE BAGWELL / Staff; Photo: UGA Bulldog mascot. / T. LEVETTE BAGWELL /
Staff

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 14, 2008 Thursday

Leave us alone

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: OPINION; Public Forum

LENGTH: 212 words


I cannot pick up my copy of The Tribune on any morning and not read how our
misguided Legislature seeks to marginalize, minimize and add to the burdens of
those who are different but who live among us. They may not look exactly like
me, though I like salsa better than ketchup and tortillas better than Wonder
Bread. They may not share my sexual orientation, but their agenda, if there is
one, does not threaten my marriage, my family or my values.

I am an old Mormon bishop, and I cannot sit still any longer and listen to the
garbage coming from Capitol Hill from our ethnically challenged and homophobic
legislators. They are a threat to me and to the tranquility of my life. I ask
these erstwhile champions, these protectors of our freedom, our race, our
morality: Wouldn't the world be a better place if you just enjoyed your
lobbyist-paid-for Jazz games and junkets to the Caribbean and left the rest of
us alone?

In spite of these legislators of morality, as people of Utah, who are kind,
compassionate and caring, can we not find and share the things we have in
common, celebrate our differentness, and enjoy that which is unique about us all
as children of a loving Heavenly Father, rather than marginalizing and
criminalizing so many among us?

George Fisher

Centerville

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rep. Meadows Introduces Cruz Bill Honoring Chinese Dissidents

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Ted Cruz has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) today announced that legislation to rename the
plaza in front of the Chinese embassy in Washington, D.C. as "Liu Xiaobo Plaza,"
after pro-democracy dissident and Nobel Peace Prize winner Dr. Liu Xiaobo, (S.
2451) has been introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Rep. Mark
Meadows (R-N.C.). Dr. Liu and his wife, Liu Xia, have been imprisoned for
seeking basic human rights denied to them by the People's Republic of China
(PRC). Detained in 2008, Dr. Liu continues to be unjustly imprisoned under the
authority of PRC President Xi Jinping. Dr. Liu was one of the authors of
"Chapter 08," an anti-Communist manifesto calling for political freedom and
human justice in China.





 "Dr. Liu's enormous courage and willingness to voluntarily sacrifice not only
his own freedom, but also that of those most dear to him, poses a challenge to
the free world," Sen. Cruz said. "Will we be silent, eager to enjoy the economic
benefits of cooperation with the PRC? Or will we put President Xi on notice that
for America, human rights are no longer 'off the table,' and that we are
listening to the truth about communist China. I believe that the freedom
championed by Dr. Liu is possible for all the Chinese people. I believe that
from Tiananmen Square to Taiwan the evidence is clear that the Chinese
desire--and are capable of--democracy. I believe that we have a moral
responsibility not to marginalize Dr. Liu and his brave fellow dissidents, but
to make their plight central to all our dealings with the PRC. This would be the
street sign that the Chinese ambassador would look at each day. This would be
the address that every piece of correspondence going into the embassy and coming
out of the embassy would have written on it. I thank my colleague in the House,
Rep. Mark Meadows, for standing with me on this issue and standing up for the
people of China who so desperately yearn for freedom."



 "The United States must not be silent in the face of grave human rights abuses
carried out against innocent individuals abroad by oppressive regimes," said
Rep. Meadows. "I call on my colleagues to join me in support of renaming the
street outside of the Chinese embassy in Washington, D.C. after Nobel Peace
laureate, Liu Xiaobo, who is currently wrongly imprisoned in China. We must send
a clear signal of support and solidarity to those who dare to speak out against
human rights abuses by their governments."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 25, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

READER RESPONSES

BYLINE: For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 1152 words

'ATTACK ON DADS'
Writer lacks credibility

Armin Brott, professional radio host, writer and general angry crank, was the
dark spot on my otherwise great first Father's Day ("Senate joins misleading
attack on dads," June 18). I really have a hard time believing that a guy
considers himself a successful father if he already failed in marriage. But
because of his divorce, this loser was able to publish his latest load of junk,
a book called "The Single Father."

Brott should focus on raising his kids (the days he has custody of them) and
stop whining.

I'm happy and successful in my role as husband and father, but I don't go around
telling other folks how to be a father. And by the way, unlike Brott, I don't
look to books or television for role models and neither will my son. He'll look
to his mother and me.
TIM O'SHEA
O'Shea, a desktop publisher, lives in Roswell.

Government has marginalized fathers

For far too many divorced or unwed fathers in Georgia, every Father's Day is
just another reminder of the minuscule parenting opportunities we have with our
children.

However, Armin Brott's outstanding column was a source of joy in that he
provided everyone with crucial facts, heartfelt commentary and outrage toward
our own government, which has decided to further marginalize divorced and unwed
fathers.

The statistics and real-life experiences do not lie: fathers matter greatly.
Brott is to be commended for giving Georgians a look at fatherhood that differs
profoundly from the usual vision: fathers as wallets and imbeciles.
TONY ZIZZA, Marietta

BICYCLING
Not enough 'zealotry'

Jim Wooten identifies pedestrian and bicycle thoroughfares as "essentially
recreational amenities." And he's right. As long as bike trails and pedestrian
corridors are widely scattered and few in number, their use will be limited.
Imagine I-285 divided into two-mile segments, each separated by distances of 10
miles or more.

I suspect motorists would find such a disjointed highway unsuitable for
traveling to work, to the grocery store or to a community meeting. Networks for
pedestrians and cyclists must be integral elements of transportation planning,
not occasional afterthoughts.

Wooten suggests the GRTA's plan could furnish zealots "a way to use the
government to force a special interest group's values or lifestyles on the
majority . . ." While he worries about what could be, Atlanta's pedestrians and
cyclists contend with the daily reality of a transportation scheme completely
centered on automobile traffic. It's a threat not only to their lifestyles, but
also often to their lives.

With our highways clogged with traffic, our air clouded with pollution and our
sense of community diminished by increasing sprawl, a little "zealotry" might be
in order.
JOHN R. BENNETT JR., Atlanta

Promoting a healthier lifestyle

Jim Wooten is misguided and misinformed if he thinks bicyclists are foolish to
ride on the roads. Bikes are far more than recreational.

I commuted by bike to work for nearly 20 years and still ride 6,000 to 8, 000
miles a year on the road in retirement. Experienced cyclists have low accident
rates and healthy lifestyles, and cyclists don't fill the road with congestion
or the air with pollution.
CHARLTON JONES
Jones, of Smyrna, is a professor emeritus at Oglethorpe University.

It's safer than walking

I am writing to say how off the mark the comments of Jim Wooten are in
describing bicycle paths as "dangerously foolish" ("GRTA rules could invite
foolishness," June 18). As a bicycle commuter to my job, my response is that
there is a compelling need for a much more comprehensive system of bicycle
trails in this city.

Although it is true that such a trail system would also serve as a "
recreational amenity" to our community, a bicycle trail system is much more than
just this. Atlanta has been found to be the second most dangerous city in the
entire country for those engaging in "alternative transportation" (pedestrians).
This should not be. It is an embarrassment that a city as large as ours cannot
accommodate the basic transportation needs of all its citizens.
ANDREW CLANCY
Clancy, of Atlanta, is a lecturer of biology at Georgia State University and
assistant professor of psychiatry at Emory University Medical School.

Firearms safety rules ignored

A news item described how a Gwinnett County police officer was wounded when a
rifle discharged as he and another officer were processing it ("Confiscated
rifle discharges, wounds officer," Law and Order, June 18). This certainly
should have been reported as a "negligent discharge," not as an "accident."

The four basic rules of firearms safety are:

All guns are always loaded.

Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy.

Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target.

Be sure of your target.

The first two rules were certainly ignored. The third rule was also almost
certainly ignored.

Firearms rarely fire on their own. The article states that "it discharged." This
implies that the gun did this on its own. I would maintain that violation of the
third rule is the more likely culprit.
JAMES J. RITICHER, Dunwoody


COMMUNITY REVIVAL
Establish lifelines

The June 18 editorial ("Nation, our souls cry out for revival of community") is
full of insight into the many elements that make up a community. Development
without community planning is not the only culprit in today's fragmented
culture, but it creates the foundation. If a neighborhood is built without homes
affordable for the working class on a stripped-down piece of land not connected
to the wider community, it has been cut off from its lifeline.

What would happen if we, instead of developing areas where only the wealthy can
live and profit motive is for a few, regained communities where all of us could
flourish together? Let's try it.
MARIE B. LATTA
Latta, of Sandy Springs, is an arts instructor.

Blame rests with greed

The editorial on revival of community detailed the unraveling of our society. It
seems that values that were basic to the founding of America have changed. The
values that saw our society through World War II are disappearing.

We were taught to work hard. The benefit from that was money. The harder the
work, the more money. The more money, the more happiness. Bad premise.

We worked hard, made money and bought stuff. We used the money to pay others to
take care of our children and any other problems we might have.  We use the
stuff to satisfy ourselves. We have become self-absorbed.

Greed for yet more money and its promise of an ill-defined "happiness" continues
to push our society down the wrong path. As we trek mindlessly along this path,
we lead the rest of the world. They look up to us and we lead them downward.
LARRY WHITTINGTON, Alpharetta

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
A man riding a bicycle. / CHARLOTTE B. TEAGLE / Staff
Graphic
 An illustrative drawing of a joker playing with a gun. / TIM BRINTON / Special

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Hays Free Press (Buda, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 17, 2013

Jim Crows spiffed-up, presentable heir;
YOUNG-AT-LARGE

BYLINE: The Free Press staff

LENGTH: 628  words


It's understandable that conservatives, from Chief Justice John Roberts to chief
pundit George Will, today think of racism as a thing of the past - a
"post-racial" society, this is.

After all, Jim Crow molders in the grave - he of the dirty dungarees, the night
rides, the venal proxies in elected office.

It's too bad that those who presume to have the nation's pulse on these matters
don't notice how Jim Crow's great-grandson J.R. - J.R. Crow - sustains his great
- granddaddy's influence. Dungarees? He is now dressed for success.

Wholly respectable and harmless, ensconced away from harm in a lovely gated
community, that's where J.R. resides these days.

Racism? What? Gone are segregated lunch counters, literacy tests, and calculated
intimidation of black voters in the South.

Pose this question, however, to Congressman John Lewis, bloodied while marching
for civil rights in 1965.

"Voting rights are under attack in America," Lewis said on the House floor - and
not just the other day after the Supreme Court tossed out Section 4 of the 1965
Voting Rights Act: He said it in 2011 amid a flurry of vote-suppression efforts
by Republicans.

Which is how Jim Crow's heir runs the enterprise today - that, and redistricting
efforts that zealously would marginalize voters of color if not for the Voting
Rights Act.

Quite a sight - the near-frantic urgency with which Voter I.D. bills were pushed
in advance of the 2012 election. Proponents have yet to produce evidence of
voter fraud to counter Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe's depiction: "an expensive
solution in search of a problem."

Why have so many judges found problems with these laws? Because they impede the
votes of minorities and the poor - as intended. Right, J.R.?

In "Bending Toward Justice: The Voting Rights Act and the Transformation of
American Democracy,"

University of Delaware historian Gary May points out that long before Jim Crow,
oppressive majorities employed ways to curb voting by select groups - immigrants
and Jews, and, of course, women. "But the African-American experience is
unique," May writes. For though blacks were expressly granted the vote via the
15th Amendment, in the South, forces conspired at every turn to undermine their
voting rights.

And now? Barack Obama's ascendance, among other political achievements by
blacks, serves to endanger the gains made, writes May. After all, if a black can
be president, why is the Voting Rights Act necessary anymore?

One of the gains May attributes in part to the Voting Rights Act is the rise of
the Republican Party in the South, prophesied by Lyndon Johnson. When in the
glow of civil rights victories, he told an aide, "We have lost the South for a
generation."

Demographics alone testify to the fact that we need the Voting Rights Act as
never before.

Watch how redistricting is done. Both parties know where the votes are. They are
color-coded. And not in red and blue - try white, black and brown.

Observe efforts to deprive some Americans of the vote by prohibiting bilingual
ballots. Multiculturalism is a pet peeve of J.R. Crow, who won't acknowledge
that unilingual ballots would be direct descendants of Great-Granddad's literacy
tests. Meanwhile, the individual costs attached to some Voter I.D. measures
share the lineage of poll taxes.

The Supreme Court majority says Congress could reauthorize the Voting Rights Act
to be nearly as potent as authorized in 1965, if not more so.

However, with today's increasingly reactionary House, where redistricting has
parceled out votes to provide invincible Republican districts, that prospect is
as likely as J.R. Crow's demanding that his children be bused to inner-city
schools.

Some things respectable people just don't do.

Longtime Texas newspaperman John Young lives in Colorado.

jyoungcolumn@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HFP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Hays Free Press


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Sequester superhero at Defense?

BYLINE: By Martin Matishak, Kristina Wong and Justin Sink

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 710 words


He's the "superhero of sequestration," a theoretical physicist and a favorite of
Republicans on Capitol Hill.

And soon, Ashton Carter is likely to be President Obama's fourth secretary of
Defense.

The veteran official is expected to be named as the replacement for Chuck Hagel
at the Pentagon, with the White House singing his praises ahead of an
announcement that could come any day.

The selection of Carter, a Rhodes Scholar who last served as deputy secretary of
Defense, is seen as a safe choice that is likely to satisfy Republican critics
of Obama's foreign policy.

By tapping someone with years of experience in defense policy, the president
could allay concerns that Hagel's forced resignation was an attempt to
marginalize military leaders across the Potomac.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Tuesday praised Carter as someone
who had served "ably" at the Pentagon, including a long stint as leader of the
all-important weapons procurement program.

"He is somebody that does have detailed understanding of the way that the
Department of Defense works," Earnest said.

But White House officials also stressed that Carter has fans on both sides of
the aisle ¯ something that will be particularly important when Republicans take
over the Senate next year.

GOP senators are expected to bombard the Defense nominee with questions about
Obama's foreign policy, particularly when it comes to the war against the
Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.

"I think that the next defense secretary has to be able to explain his views or
her views of what the president's policy is and how you carry out that policy,"
said Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee.

Blunt said he was impressed by Carter's previous work at the Pentagon and that
Carter was "well prepared" for a confirmation hearing.

Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) said she had "a lot of respect" for Carter and that
he had "a strong resume for the position."

And Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said that unlike Hagel ¯ a nominee he voted
against ¯ Carter "served in the Defense Department in several other positions
and has established a record of service there."

"Look, he's qualified. He's been in the Pentagon, and I might ask him how much
influence he thinks he's going to have on decisionmaking, because it will be
none," McCain said.

Carter has plenty of boosters in Washington, including Chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey, who, during a farewell ceremony last year,
hailed the Oxford Ph.D. as an "uber-wonk" and a "superhero of sequestration."

Carter helped lead the Pentagon as it put in place the $500 billion in mandatory
spending cuts that will stretch over 10 years.

"It's lucky for us that you have worked without glamour or fame behind the
scenes to make sure through good management and common sense and discipline that
we are an organization that continues to adapt to the challenge that we find in
front of us," Dempsey said.

"He did it all, again, without fanfare. In fact, I think he's been called the
most important, least known figure in Washington, or some language to that
effect, and I agree with that."

But Carter's exacting standards have rubbed some the wrong way, with one former
defense official characterizing him as unpopular with staff and "a diva."

"Really has all his staff wound up right to the point they become miserable
[people] to work around or with," the former official said.

A current Defense Department official dismissed the criticism, saying Carter
demands the best of himself and the people who work for him.

"I wouldn't say diva. I would say he is a very smart man with very high
standards that, as far as I could see, he followed himself," the DOD official
said.

If Carter has any detractors on Capitol Hill, they aren't speaking out.

Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) said Tuesday he'd "heard no criticism so far"
of Carter and that he believed he was "a really solid and sound choice for that
role."

Enthusiasm for Carter's nomination even led Sen. Carl Levin (D-Mich.), the
chairman of the Armed Services Committee, to suggest the likely nominee's
confirmation could be dramatically accelerated and completed before the end of
the lame-duck session.

"I've seen crazier things happen. Everyone knows him here," Levin said.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2014 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday

Letter: Mechoopda deserve better from county

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 257 words


I wish to commend your Wednesday editorial on the U.S. government's ruling on
the Mechoopda tribe.

It is unclear just what the Mechoopda will do next, but I so appreciate that you
identified the bogus and ill-informed "report" that our county commissioned from
Stephen Dow Beckham. While members of our community may hold diverse opinions on
Indian gaming and/or the suitability of a particular site for such an
enterprise, Beckham's report was a travesty calling into question the tribal
identity of people whose roots have deep historical resonance in our area.

Moreover, I read in your editorial (or read into it ...) a firm recognition that
our county will not silently tolerate acts which marginalize, fictionalize and
negate the experience of members of our community. I hope our county supervisors
are listening.

One other bit of news. While it is true that the Mechoopda's former business
partners, Station Casinos, entered bankruptcy several years ago, it is also true
that they emerged from a reorganization of their assets and are back in
business. A few months ago, the Affiliated Indians of Graton Rancheria opened
the largest casino in Northern California (in Rohnert Park) in a partnership
with Station Casinos. I have no idea if the Mechoopda are in conversations with
Station Casinos or another partner at this time, but I am confident this ruling
will encourage the tribe to continue to seek ways to establish financial
independence for their tribal community.

Thank you for taking a firm stand on this issue.

Andrea Lerner, Chico

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.N. Visit Will Set Back a Push to Isolate Iran

BYLINE: By RICK GLADSTONE; Jodi Rudoren contributed reporting from Jerusalem,
and David E. Sanger from Washington.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1249 words


Efforts led by the United States and Israel to isolate Iran suffered a setback
on Wednesday when the United Nations announced that Ban Ki-moon, the secretary
general, would join officials from 120 countries in Tehran next week for a
summit meeting that Iran has trumpeted as a vindication of its defiance and
enduring importance in world affairs.Mr. Ban's decision to attend the meeting of
the Nonaligned Movement, announced by his spokesman, Martin Nesirky, came
despite objections from both the Americans and Israelis, including a phone call
from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel. It was announced a few days
after the new president of Egypt, a country that has long been estranged from
Iran, said he would attend the summit meeting as well, a decision that had
already unsettled the Israelis.

Taken together, the moves reinforced Iran's contention that a reordering of
powers is under way in the Middle East, where Western influence is waning, and
that the American-Israeli campaign to vilify Iran as a rogue state that exports
terrorism and secretly covets nuclear weapons is not resonating in much of the
world.

The meeting of the Nonaligned Movement, a group formed during the cold war,
includes a number of other countries that the United States has sought to
marginalize, among them North Korea and Sudan, whose president, Omar Hassan
al-Bashir, is wanted under a war crimes indictment by the International Criminal
Court. Although Iran's hosting of the meeting is strictly a coincidence of
history -- under a rotating system, Iran presides over the group through 2014 --
Iranian leaders have portrayed it as a privilege that repudiates the American
narrative.

''The extraordinary effort that the Iranian leaders have put into the summit is
intended to showcase Iran's global role and offer concrete evidence that the
U.S. policy of isolating Iran has failed,'' said Farideh Farhi, an independent
Iranian scholar at the University of Hawaii.

''A case is being made that it is not the 'global community' that has problems
with the Islamic republic, as repeatedly asserted by U.S. officials, but merely
a U.S.-led-and-pressured coalition of countries,'' she said. ''And ironically
the Obama administration is conceding the point by trying to pressure various
leaders from attending the meeting.''

Mr. Ban's decision to participate, which might have gone nearly unnoticed in
other years, was particularly fraught now because of the tensions surrounding
the host country. Iran has defied United Nations Security Council resolutions to
halt its uranium enrichment and has strongly supported the Syrian government's
sharp repression of an armed uprising, a crackdown that Mr. Ban has repeatedly
condemned.

Mr. Ban has also castigated the anti-Semitic statements and calls for Israel's
destruction made recently by Iranian leaders, reminding them that the United
Nations Charter prohibits one member from threatening the existence of another.

But many diplomats and others said it would have been extraordinarily difficult
for Mr. Ban not to go. The 120 countries that are in the Nonaligned Movement
represent the biggest single voting bloc in the 193-member General Assembly at
the United Nations. It is customary for the secretary general to attend the
movement's annual meetings regardless of political delicacies surrounding the
host country.

''A sizable chunk if not a majority of the world's population are citizens of
nonaligned nations,'' said Karim Sadjadpour, an Iran expert at the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace in Washington. ''It's not something the United
Nations secretary general can easily dismiss.''

Acknowledging that Mr. Ban has been under pressure not to attend, Mr. Nesirky,
his spokesman, said Mr. Ban viewed the visit as a chance to raise the issues of
Iran's nuclear program, its support for Syria and its campaign against Israel
directly with his hosts.

''The secretary general is fully aware of the sensitivities of this visit,'' Mr.
Nesirky told reporters at the United Nations. ''He's heard the views of some of
those who said he should not go. At the same time, the secretary general has
responsibilities that he is determined to carry out.''

Mr. Nesirky also said Mr. Ban expected to meet with senior Iranian leaders,
including Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. ''It is certainly the secretary general's
expectation that he will have meaningful and fruitful discussions with the
supreme leader,'' Mr. Nesirky said. To boycott the invitation from Iran, Mr.
Nesirky said, ''would be a missed opportunity.''

There was no immediate reaction to Mr. Ban's decision from Israel. But according
to Mr. Netanyahu's office, he had telephoned Mr. Ban on Aug. 10 and told him
that such a trip, even if well intentioned, would be a mistake. ''Your visit
will grant legitimacy to a regime that is the greatest threat to world peace and
security,'' Mr. Netanyahu was quoted as saying.

Even before Mr. Ban made his decision known, the Israeli government was
asserting that the sanctions effort against Iran was not working, a conclusion
that was reinforced for the Israelis because of the decision to attend the
summit meeting in Iran by President Mohamed Morsi of Egypt.

''If you're going there, if you're paying homage to the leaders of Iran, what
kind of diplomatic isolation is that?'' Mark Regev, Mr. Netanyahu's spokesman,
said of Mr. Morsi's decision.

The reaction to Mr. Ban's announcement was more muted from the Obama
administration, which had engaged in a less public effort to dissuade him.

Some administration officials sought to put the best face on the situation,
urging Mr. Ban to exploit the moment to convey his unhappiness with Iran's
behavior.

''We think that Iran is going to try to use the event for propaganda purposes
and to try to cover up the extreme isolation Iran is feeling politically and
economically,'' said Tommy Vietor, the spokesman for the National Security
Council. ''That said, if people choose to participate, we believe they should
take the opportunity of any meetings that they have with Iran's leaders to press
them to comply with their international obligations without further delay.''

The American Jewish Committee, among a number of pro-Israel voices in the United
States that had exhorted Mr. Ban not to visit Iran, called the decision ''a
grave mistake'' in a statement posted on its Web site.

''Tehran is not the place for the U.N. secretary general to visit, not at this
time, not to meet with this Iranian regime,'' David Harris, the group's
executive director, said in the statement. ''We are stunned that Secretary
General Ban Ki-moon would honor a regime that consistently ignores both him and
the world body he heads in ways that threaten regional and global security.''

Some said that Mr. Ban's three-day visit, which begins next Wednesday, could
also turn out badly for Iranian leaders, particularly if he raises issues in an
unfiltered way to the Iranian public about the government's human rights record.

Others said that Mr. Ban could surprise critics by confronting or embarrassing
Ayatollah Khamenei and his subordinates over their anti-Semitic statements.

''The fact that he's going is going to be viewed as a victory for Iran,'' said
Trita Parsi, the president of the National Iranian American Council, an advocacy
group of Americans of Iranian descent. ''But if pressure leads Ban Ki-moon to
express harsh criticism of their statements on Israel, then it could be viewed
as a victory for those who had not wanted him to go.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/08/23/world/middleeast/ban-ki-moon-will-attend-iran-
summit-over-american-and-israeli-objections.html

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Ban Ki-moon, secretary general of the United Nations, will
attend the meeting of the Nonaligned Movement in Tehran next week. (PHOTOGRAPH
BY HYE SOO NAH/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A10)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             June 6, 2012 Wednesday

MW directors support four-team playoff

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. 6-6 SPTS MW presidents meetings::1

LENGTH: 289 words


By WyoSports staff

LA JOLLA, Calif. - The Mountain West Board of Directors expressed support for a
four-team model for the NCAA's Football Bowl Subdivision championship.

The board, which concluded its annual spring meeting Tuesday, discussed

options

related to bracket composition, selection process and competition venues,
according to a release from the MW.

There was consensus for a conference champion component and playing the
semifinal games within the bowl structure, starting in 2014.

The board also advocated for an equitable revenue distribution model that
includes an academic performance element.

It also discussed league membership structure in the context of ongoing
conference realignment within the subdivision.

The presidents mapped out a multi-faceted strategy designed to guide the MW's
decision-making process moving forward, the release said.

There also was a conversation with NCAA President Mark Emmert that addressed the
landscape of intercollegiate athletics, the ongoing presidential reform agenda
and the necessity of maintaining both integrity

and

student-athlete focus within the enterprise.

The MW board expressed its concern with the developing economic model that
marginalizes a broad spectrum of FBS institutions that help to sustain the value
of media contracts and the BCS format, the release said.

Finally, the board's executive committee was named for 2012-13.

Colorado State President Tony Frank will be chairman. He will be joined by
outgoing chairman Neal Smatresk, president at the UNLV, and incoming chairman
Marc Johnson, president at Nevada.

The MW's representative to the NCAA Board of Directors is John Welty, president
at Fresno State. He also will serve the MW on the BCS Presidential Oversight
Committee.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Obama building Nixon-like 'enemies list'; Senator slams attacks on president's
critics

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 609  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


U.S. President Barack Obama is facing accusations that his White House is
creating an "enemies list," as administration aides step up efforts to
marginalize an array of political opponents in American business and media.

Senator Lamar Alexander, a Tennessee Republican who worked for former president
Richard Nixon, said Wednesday the hardball tactics employed by Obama's staff
increasingly resemble those his former boss infamously used against critics in
the early 1970s.

"Let's not start calling people out and compiling an enemies list. Let's push
the street-brawling out of the White House," Alexander said in a speech on the
Senate floor.

"As any veteran of the Nixon White House can attest, we've been down this road
before and it won't end well. An 'enemies list' only denigrates the presidency
and the republic itself."

Alexander's warning to Obama comes as the White House pursues a get-tough
strategy against several organizations--from Wall Street banks to the U.S.
Chamber of Commerce to Fox News Channel--that have spoken out against the
president's domestic agenda.

The White House's most public feud has been against the conservative Fox
channel, which aides have labelled a de facto arm of the Republican Party. Obama
officials this week urged other U.S. news organizations against following Fox
stories, and suggested the network be ostracized from the White House press
corps.

The administration has also recently sought to isolate the U.S. Chamber, long
the dominant voice of American business in Washington, by quietly building
alliances with individual CEOs and firms more friendly to Obama's policies.

The chamber has fallen out of favour with Obama--and some of its own members,
such as Nike and Apple-- over its staunch opposition to White House-backed
climate-change legislation.

"The question we have is: Does the chamber really represent the business
community the way they used to?" senior Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett told the
Washington Post.

Alexander, who worked at the White House in 1969-70, said the White House is
showing "symptoms of this same kind of animus" that Nixon displayed against
anyone who bucked his administration.

As Nixon began preparing for the 1972 election cycle, an aide named Chuck Colson
began compiling a list of "persons known to be active in their opposition to our
administration." Colson advised Nixon to "use the available federal machinery to
screw our political enemies."

Nixon's list initially included just 20 people, among them, a CBS News
correspondent, the head of the United Auto Workers and the editor of the Los
Angeles Times.

But it eventually expanded to include NFL quarterback Joe Namath, Beatles singer
John Lennon, actor Gregory Peck and a host of others from across the spectrum of
American politics and culture.

"If the president and his top aides treat people with different views as enemies
instead of listening to what they have to say, they're likely to end up with a
narrow view and a feeling that the whole world is out to get them," Alexander
said.

"That can get you into a lot of trouble."

Mark Rozell, a political scientist at George Mason University, dismisses the
Obama-Nixon analogy as "a bit of a stretch, unless someone can convince me they
are preparing wiretaps against political opponents."

Part of the White House push back against its critics is legitimate politics
aimed at keeping public opinion on Obama's side, says Rozell.

Obama's allies call the White House tactics smart politics. The administration
is hoping to shore up its own liberal base by casting big business and
conservative media as forces aligning to defeat big agenda items, such as
health-care reform.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Jason Reed, Reuters; U.S. President Barack Obama, right, appears at a
fundraiser for New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine in Hackensack, N.J., on Wednesday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Obama accused of compiling 'enemies list'; Critics say hardball tactics resemble
those used by Nixon

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


U.S. President Barack Obama is facing accusations his White House is creating an
"enemies list," as administration aides step up efforts to marginalize an array
of political opponents in American business and media.

Senator Lamar Alexander, a Tennessee Republican who worked for former president
Richard Nixon, said Wednesday the hardball tactics employed by Obama's staff
increasingly resemble those his former boss infamously used against critics in
the early 1970s.

"Let's not start calling people out and compiling an enemies list. Let's push
the street-brawling out of the White House," Alexander said in a speech on the
Senate floor.

"As any veteran of the Nixon White House can attest, we've been down this road
before and it won't end well. An 'enemies list' only denigrates the presidency
and the republic itself."

His warning to Obama comes as the White House pursues a get-tough strategy
against several organizations -- from Wall Street banks to the U.S. Chamber of
Commerce to Fox News Channel -- that have spoken out against the president's
domestic agenda.

The most public feud has been against the conservative Fox channel, labelled a
de facto arm of the Republican party by White House aides. Obama officials this
week urged other U.S. news organizations against following Fox stories, and
suggested the network be ostracized from the White House press corps.

The administration has also recently sought to isolate the U.S. Chamber of
Commerce, long the dominant voice of American business in Washington, by quietly
building alliances with individual CEOs and firms more friendly to Obama's
policies.

The chamber has fallen out of favour with Obama -- and some of its own members,
such as Nike and Apple -- over its staunch opposition to White House-backed
climate-change legislation.

"The question we have is: Does the chamber really represent the business
community the way they used to?" senior Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett told the
Washington Post.

Alexander, who worked at the White House in 1969-70, said it's showing "symptoms
of this same kind of animus" that Nixon displayed against anyone who bucked his
administration.

As Nixon began preparing for the 1972 election cycle, an aide named Chuck Colson
began compiling a list of "persons known to be active in their opposition to our
administration." Colson advised Nixon to "use the available federal machinery to
screw our political enemies."

Nixon's list initially included just 20 people, among them, a CBS News
correspondent, the head of the United Auto Workers and the editor of the Los
Angeles Times.

"If the president and his top aides treat people with different views as enemies
instead of listening to what they have to say, they're likely to end up with a
narrow view and a feeling that the whole world is out to get them," Alexander
said. "That can get you into a lot of trouble."

Mark Rozell, a political scientist at George Mason University, dismisses the
Obama-Nixon analogy as "a bit of a stretch, unless someone can convince me they
are preparing wiretaps against political opponents." Part of the White House
push back against its critics is legitimate politics aimed at keeping public
opinion on Obama's side, says Rozell. Indeed, the White House has argued that it
rarely fires the first volley, and is acting primarily in political
self-defence.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Jason Reed, Reuters; U.S. President Barack Obama speaks during a
campaign rally at in Hackensack, New Jersey, on Wednesday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           October 22, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Obama's foe list like Nixon's: senator

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


U.S. President Barack Obama is facing accusations his White House is creating an
"enemies list," as administration aides step up efforts to marginalize an array
of political opponents in American business and media.

Senator Lamar Alexander, a Tennessee Republican who worked for former president
Richard Nixon, said Wednesday the hardball tactics used by Obama's staff
increasingly resemble those his former boss infamously used against critics in
the early 1970s.

"Let's not start calling people out and compiling an enemies list. Let's push
the street-brawling out of the White House," Alexander said.

"As any veteran of the Nixon White House can attest, we've been down this road
before and it won't end well. An 'enemies list' only denigrates the presidency
and the republic itself."

Alexander's warning to Obama comes as the White House pursues a get-tough
strategy against several organizations -- from Wall Street banks to the U.S.
Chamber of Commerce to Fox News Channel -- that have spoken out against the
president's domestic agenda.

The White House's most public feud has been against the conservative Fox
channel, which aides have labelled a de facto arm of the Republican party. Obama
officials this week urged other U.S. news organizations against following Fox
stories, and suggested the network be ostracized from the White House press
corps.

The administration has also recently sought to isolate the U.S. Chamber, long
the dominant voice of American business in Washington, by quietly building
alliances with individual CEOs and firms more friendly to Obama's policies.

The Chamber has fallen out of favour with Obama -- and some of its own members,
such as Nike and Apple -- over its staunch opposition to White House-backed
climate-change legislation.

"The question we have is: Does the Chamber really represent the business
community the way they used to?" senior Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett said.

Alexander, who worked at the White House in 1969-70, said the White House is
showing "symptoms of this same kind of animus" that Nixon displayed against
anyone who bucked his administration.

As Nixon began preparing for the 1972 election cycle, an aide named Chuck Colson
began compiling a list of "persons known to be active in their opposition to our
administration." Colson advised Nixon to "use the available federal machinery to
screw our political enemies."

Nixon's list initially included just 20 people, among them, a CBS News
correspondent, the head of the United Auto Workers and the editor of the Los
Angeles Times.

"If the president and his top aides treat people with different views as enemies
instead of listening to what they have to say, they're likely to end up with a
narrow view and a feeling that the whole world is out to get them," Alexander
said. "That can get you into a lot of trouble."

Mark Rozell, a political scientist at George Mason University, dismisses the
Obama-Nixon analogy as "a bit of a stretch, unless someone can convince me they
are preparing wiretaps against political opponents."

Part of the White House push back against its critics is legitimate politics
aimed at keeping public opinion on Obama's side, says Rozell. Indeed, the White
House has argued that it rarely fires the first volley, and is acting primarily
in political self-defence.

Obama's allies call the White House tactics smart politics. The administration
is hoping to shore up its own liberal base by casting big business and
conservative media as forces aligning to defeat big agenda items, such as
health-care reform and global-warming legislation.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Mario Tama, Getty Images; U.S. President Barack Obama speaks at a
campaign rally in Hackensack, N.J. on Wednesday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Brilliant Asian Americans face 'bamboo ceiling'

SECTION: HOUSEHOLD CONSUMPTION

LENGTH: 632 words


Asian American families churn out doctors, engineers and graduate students, but
their high-achieving image hides a "bamboo ceiling" that marginalizes the
fastest growing US minority, experts say.

Jonathan Saw, Asia Society's senior advisor for Asian Pacific American Research,
said Monday that a new survey demonstrates an odd mixture of success and
disenchantment, with 83 percent of Asian Americans feeling loyal to their
company but only 49 percent feeling they belong.

"Asian Americans don't really see themselves as belonging to corporate America,
even though they are very successful," he told AFP.

The reason is that while Asian Americans tend to start strongly, graduating from
prestigious schools and quickly winning good jobs, they later hit the so-called
"bamboo ceiling."

"You don't see a lot of Asian Americans in senior leadership positions," Saw
said.

The problem, according to Saw and others at an Asia Society conference in New
York, is deeply ingrained bias within wider US society against treating Asians
like other Americans.

"There's this notion of Asian Americans as the perpetual 'other,'" Saw said.

"Asian Americans are always seen as great doers, which is great, but it only
gets you to middle management. At that critical juncture between middle manager
and senior management, where relationships matter more than what you do, those
perceptions matter."

Plenty of racial and ethnic groups in the United States -- most obviously
African Americans -- have suffered because of prejudice.

But what makes Asian Americans' problem unique is that they are trapped in the
cliche of having to be clever -- clever to the point of being nerdy, out of
touch, and unable to represent mainstream American life.

That's why the outbreak earlier this year of "Linsanity" -- the media hysteria
over Asian American basketball player Jeremy Lin leading the Knicks to a string
of victories -- was a landmark moment, said Saul Gitlin, with Kang & Lee
Advertising.

Here was yet another Asian American who started on the expected track of
studying at Harvard University but, in a rare twist, emerged as a charismatic
sports hero rather than an anonymous doctor or programmer.

"It's a turning point of what happens when you go against the stereotype,"
Gitlin said, identifying Lin as a beacon for young Asians who have "suffered at
the hands of this stereotype of being the smart guy, the geek, the tech guy."

However, actor Sendhil Ramamurthy, who was also once on track to become a
doctor, told the conference that typecasting in TV and studio films is as strong
as ever.

"Asians play certain characters," he said. "They play the doctor, or they play
the smart guy. That's very much still the case. I don't know what it takes to
change that, otherwise I'd be doing it."

Experts say change may eventually come, as it often does in the United States,
through market forces -- namely the fact that the 17.3 million-strong Asian
American population is shooting up and growing rich.

"Asian Americans are the fastest-growing multicultural segment in the US,"
Thomas Tseng, co-founder of New American Dimensions, said.

Although the Hispanic market is three times bigger and "tends to get most of the
attention," the Asian sector is wealthier and higher tech.

Eighty percent of Asian Americans have broadband at home, compared to 60 percent
of the general population.

Eighty-seven percent go online every day, compared to 73 percent of the general
population, and laptop ownership is 74 percent versus 52 percent, Pew survey
figures show.

"You'd think marketers would be falling over themselves to talk to this
population, but that's not yet the case," Gitlin said.

"This is a beautiful marketplace, really attractive, but it doesn't really
always get invited. I always describe this market as the Cinderella."

sms/mdl/jk

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2012 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            July 12, 2003, Saturday

IN STEP WITH HIP HOP

BYLINE: BY REBECCA LOUIE

SECTION: NOW; Pg. 27 TO DO

LENGTH: 154 words

Head's up! "Aeroplane Man" is landing at Central Park's SummerStage today.

British hip-hop theater artist Jonzi D descends upon the free outdoor concert
series with excerpts from his one-man show about an East London man's search for
a cultural community. "Aeroplane Man" weaves rap, beats and break dancing into
an energetic narrative.

"Hip-hop theater actually broadens audiences rather than marginalizes them,"
says Jonzi D, who studied at the London School of Contemporary Dance. "If
someone doesn't get the rap, they get the dance. If they don't get the dance,
then the characters or the music interest them," he explains."I use all of the
influences that hip hop gave me to tell an inner-city story."

Jonzi also will perform a spoken-word piece accompanied by deejay Pogo. Long
Island rap group De La Soul opens the show.

SummerStage, 3 p.m. (gates open at 1:30), Rumsey Playfield, midpark at 72nd St.


LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 EBM Publishing

                           1147 W Ohio St.  Suite 306
                               Chicago,  IL 60622
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (414) 698-1929
URL: www.ebmpublishing.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   EBM Publishing is a new online lifestyle publication developed to increase
the visibility of our more prominent public faces of color. Our goal is to
correct the stigmas that marginalize these enormous figures, while applauding
their achievements. EBM has created a channel that has reached a wide audience.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 28, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

One Man's Indictment May Be Another's Political Windfall

Nora Boustany

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A25; DIPLOMATIC DISPATCHES

LENGTH: 847 words


Canadian Judge Louise Arbour, chief prosecutor at the International Criminal
Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, has worked independently and diligently for
the last five months to come up with an indictment of the villain du jour, the
man we love to hate, on charges of crimes against humanity. Is it a political
decision in the end, as Greek Foreign Minister George Papandreou suggested
yesterday? Many wonder: Will Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic be
politically stronger or weaker in the wake of his indictment as a war criminal?
Seen through the prism of Washington and its allies, of course, the indictment
could rattle Milosevic's hold on power and marginalize him, while sending a
message to people around him that their turn may be coming.

According to the Greeks, it is not so simple. Papandreou told Washington Post
editors and reporters: "You know all about indictment and impeachment. It is a
double-edged sword. [President] Clinton became more popular." Will Serbs start
running away like mice from a sinking ship, the Greek diplomat asked, or will
they band around Milosevic and say, "We have to survive and fight until the
end"?

From within Yugoslavia, he said, the military action by NATO countries "is not
seen as a war for human rights, it is seen as a war against Yugoslavia to help
Albanians gain secession. Milosevic has become the rallying point, even for
people who do not like him." Milosevic himself will see the move as a grand
plot, Papandreou said.

He added that the indictment had come at an "inopportune time" and is a
complicating factor, because there is a negotiating process underway on a
diplomatic end to the Balkan crisis, and Milosevic would have been part of the
solution.

Canadian Foreign Minister Lloyd Axworthy told Post editors and columnists
yesterday, however, that the indictment of Milosevic and members of his
entourage takes the war in the Balkans to a new phase. The stakes are very
significant, he added. Axworthy said "human security principles," another way of
saying human rights, have become the new way of leading the world. The
indictment, he said, underlines these principles, and the quest for
accountability of individuals has been enhanced.

Regarding the course of the war, Axworthy said questions have been raised about
the effects of NATO's bombing, which is being monitored to see if it is in sync
with diplomatic efforts. "Some errors have been made," he conceded, "but errors
have been made in politics and war." Axworthy advised that world leaders now
have to "move from the humanitarian problem to the resolution problem." The
Canadian diplomat, who spoke with Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright over
the weekend and again at lunch yesterday, said NATO may have to "move to the
United Nations soon" to see what options there are on how U.N. influence could
be manifested.

Papandreou said China, a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council, will not
accept a U.N. resolution on a peace proposal without a temporary pause in the
NATO bombing of Yugoslavia. Such an interruption would be "useful to get Russia
and China on board," he added.

You Can Take the Envoy Out of Washington, but . . .

There were many tears Wednesday at the Brazilian Embassy as Ambassador
Paulo-Tarso Flecha de Lima prepared to depart for another assignment. He was
sniffling a bit, too, as he took leave of his devoted staff. In 5 1/2 years in
Washington, he survived a brain hemorrhage -- in summer 1995 -- and nursed his
country's prospects through one of its deepest economic crises. This very
special diplomat, who was supposed to be in retirement anyway, never gave up and
soldiered on. The friendliness and pleasant demeanor that were his trademark
never left him as he continued to attend receptions -- helped in and out of his
limousine by aides -- and as he scanned crowded reception halls with both hands
resting on a cane, always finding something interesting to observe or something
nice and meaningful to say to whomever stopped by to chat.

The ambassador is moving to a less demanding posting in Rome. "I leave with a
feeling of mission accomplished," he said yesterday. "I bear witness to a
fantastic stage in our relationship. America has left an indelible mark on our
heart," he said of himself and his wife Lucia, surrogate parents and confidants
to Diana, Princess of Wales, who stayed at their residence when visiting
Washington after her divorce from Prince Charles.

"It is not true what they say that Washington is only about power," Flecha de
Lima said. "We think there is a lot of affection here. We were showered with it.
I think I will enjoy Rome, but Washington has been very important. I improved my
negotiating skills -- at the World Bank, the U.S. Department of Commerce, at the
State Department and on the Hill." He will not come back, he said. "Everything
has its time in life."

Flecha de Lima was given the Victory Award by the National Rehabilitation
Hospital for his courage and indomitable spirit in overcoming his infirmity.
GEORGE PAPANDREOU


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHM

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               March 25, 1997, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Hazards of the Heritage Amendment

BYLINE: MARTIN DYCKMAN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; COLUMNS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



There is plenty of serious work for the Legislature to do, but that would be
hard to believe if one tuned in only to the brouhaha over the so-called
"American Heritage" amendment.

To the bill raising high school graduation standards, conservative  legislators
have added language saying that school boards "may allow" any  teacher to read
or post "any excerpt or portion" of certain specified  historical material
including the national motto, national anthem, the  Constitution, the Bill of
Rights, the Declaration of Independence, the  Mayflower Compact and decisions of
the Supreme Court. The national motto is,  of course, "In God we trust."

Having said that school boards "may" adopt this policy, the bill then  requires
that a copy of the legislation be sent to each teacher. What ever  became of the
Legislature's promise to stopmicromanaging the schools?

The House of Representatives had a sharp fight over the heritage amendment  last
week, reflecting opponents' suspicions that it's a sneak play by the  Christian
Coalition to get religion into the classroom now that the school  prayer
amendment, which got the bill vetoed last year, is no longer being  considered.
The heritage amendment was in last year's bill too, but took a  back seat to the
prayer debate.

"I understood last year that this was the most dangerous part, not school
prayer," insists Rep. Shirley Brown, D-Sarasota, who voted against the bill.

John Dowless, executive director of the Christian Coalition of Florida,  blames
the uproar on Democrats who "are upset that they are the minority  party and are
using every possible issue to try to marginalize the  leadership."

There would be no fuss, I am sure, if it weren't for the coalition's
sponsorship. But without them the amendment wouldn't even be in the bill to
begin with. Thus the real question: Why?

Dowless and Brown agree on one thing: No Florida teacher has ever gotten in
trouble for reading the Constitution, Declaration of Independence or Bill of
Rights, or for posting them in the classroom.

But Dowless goes on to argue that teachers need some incentive to make up  for
what nervous publishers have written out of too many texts: the  substantial
role of religion in the history of the United States. When  teachers try to
compensate, Dowless claims, some nervous principals are apt to  tell them to
stick to the book.

"A lot of widely published books say the Pilgrims gave thanks to the  Indians,"
he complains.

I have read some of those texts for myself. It is possible, unfortunately,  for
a student to grow up knowing almost nothing of how much America's history  owes
to religious persecutions in other lands. That lack of knowledge, in  turn,
breeds much of the intolerance that festers even here. One can't  properly
appreciate the First Amendment in ignorance of such historical  imperatives as
Europe's religious wars, the state monopoly of the Church of  England or the
Russian pogroms and forced conscriptions that sent so many Jews  to these
shores.

But the Heritage Amendment is at best a superficial palliative for the  pureed
curriculum. It is no substitute at all for the serious, objective study  of
comparative religion which has been called for by the Supreme Court, the
president and virtually every major religious group, but which is rarely
offered.

At worst, the Heritage Amendment could turn out to be what Brown and some  other
legislators fear: a pretext for teachers to engage in some suspicious
selectivity. A teacher who posted only the national motto would be doing just
that. And which of thousands of Supreme Court decisions to post? Its modern
pronouncements on the separation of church and state? Or the one 1892 decision
- often cited by the religious right these days - in which the Supreme Court
remarked in passing that this is "emphatically a Christian nation"?

Ironically, the Heritage Amendment as compromised with opponents last week
excludes by omission such other documents as the 1797 Treaty of Tripoli,
negotiated by George Washington and ratified by the Senate under John Adams,
which declared, "the Government of the United States is not, in any sense,
founded on the Christian religion . . ."

The House compromise also declares that material must not be selected "to
advance a particular religious, political or sectarian purpose." There  couldn't
be many teachers who would do that anyway, but who will police the  few who
might, and what cost?

Whether harmful or harmless, the issue has nothing demonstrable to do with
graduation standards. Is someone betting the governor won't veto the bill two
years in row? Or is someone daring him to do just that.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday
                                National Edition

New-look Raptors find losing formula

BYLINE: Eric Koreen, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Well, that went perfectly.

In the wake of the Rudy Gay trade, and in the face of more trades to come, the
Toronto Raptors have a few priorities. 1. Develop their young players. 2. Play
an entertaining brand of basketball. 3. Lose. Of course, nobody on the Raptors
will ever cop to the third thing, and the coaches and players are doing
everything they can to avoid such a result. To an extent, however, they are
being set up.

Accordingly, the Raptors' first home game since trading Rudy Gay to Sacramento
on Sunday was swell, a 116-103 loss to the San Antonio Spurs. Without the four
imports from northern California - Greivis Vasquez, Patrick Patterson, Chuck
Hayes and John Salmons were still making their way to Toronto - the Raptors hit
a wall after the first quarter. They hit it hard. Austin Daye and Dwight Buycks
were prominently involved. It was pretty ugly, unless you were watching the
Spurs swing the ball around the court for 13 threepointers. The Spurs had 61
bench points, while the Raptors had 26.

Even when the new fellows get here, that is the way these Raptors are built. The
identities of the reserves might change, and Vasquez in particular will help the
offence when Kyle Lowry exits - exits the game, or, eventually, the team via a
trade. The Raptors have very little depth, and it could get worse if general
manager Masai Ujiri continues to chop from the top of the roster.

On Monday, when discussing the deal, Ujiri said he is judging everybody,
including Raptors coach Dwane Casey, on player development. Ujiri rightly
pointed out that if he were being guided by wins and losses, he would have made
more severe changes by now.

On that end, Gay's presence was harmful. With the seventh-highest usage rate -
possessions that end with the given player taking a shot or turning the ball
over - in the league, Gay dominated the offence. That did not leave much time
for any pickand-roll plays in the offence, which marginalizes what projects to
be the bulk of Jonas Valanciunas's offensive game. Gay's mere existence,
meanwhile, guaranteed Terrence Ross would not get on the floor often. Ross has
averaged just 19 minutes per game this year before Tuesday.

Now, they will have an opportunity to play and, possibly, flourish.

"As a coach, you also want to win," Casey said. "That's my goal, also, to
develop and win, which is probably the hardest thing to do in the league. That's
what we were doing ... I don't want to send a message to Jonas or T-Ross to go
out there and make as many mistakes as you can and it doesn't matter if we win
or lose. We're competing to win. I do know that our job is to develop those guys
and get them as good as possible for the rest of the season."

That is what made the first quarter so appealing. Valanciunas dominated, with 10
points and three rebounds, dominating a Spurs frontcourt that was missing
starting centre Tiago Splitter. Ross was gunning with abandon, splashing two
three-pointers through the hoop in the opening quarter.

There will be growing pains, though. The little-used Aron Baynes checked into
the game in the second quarter and effectively shut Valanciunas down. When the
Raptors did get the ball to Valanciunas, he could not establish post position,
and eventually threw the ball away. These are necessary experiences, but tough
to watch.

In the second half, everything came apart. The Raptors could not find
Valanciunas on offence, and the slowfooted Baynes blew by him on the other end.
The walls closed in on De-Mar DeRozan, and his hot start faded. The ball
movement, so beautiful early on, stopped. Get used to these valleys: They are
not going anywhere.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Deborah Hayes: Consider voting system alternatives

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 340 words


Rob Austrian's guest opinion "Reform Boulder City Council election rules" (Daily
Camera, Nov. 30) argued that the present at-large system marginalizes students
living on University Hill, as well as an unknown number of other
underrepresented minority groups living in geographic clusters throughout
Boulder.

We question whether electing council members by district would have the outcome
the writer desires. At least two current council members live in the University
Hill neighborhood. Furthermore, under the present system, students can try to
get one of their own elected by urging the electorate to vote for just their
preferred candidate -- "bullet" voting -- rather than for the number of
candidates equal to the number of open seats.

 Might Boulder voters consider an alternative voting method? Two have precedents
in Boulder. Approval voting is used at CU Boulder for student government
elections; multi-seat elections would use proportional approval voting. Another
method, single-transferable vote or STV (basically, instant-runoff voting for
multi-seat elections), was what voters used for Boulder City Council elections
from 1917 to 1947.

 In approval voting, the voter chooses all candidates s/he approves of, no
matter how many open seats there are. In STV, the voter ranks the candidates
first, second, third, etc.,  up to the number of open seats. Both methods are
more expressive of voters' wishes than our current plurality voting method. To
learn how the votes are tallied under these methods, visit our webpage
http://lwvbc.org/vmcomm.html.

 Under Colorado state law, Colorado cities can use a ranked-choice method, such
as STV, for their elections. Approval voting, however, is not yet allowed. But
state Rep. Jonathan Singer (House District 11 - Longmont) has introduced
legislation, supported by the League of Women Voters, to allow cities to use
approval voting.

 We encourage you to join our team and learn more about alternative voting
methods.

 Deborah Hayes

 Voting Methods Team

 League of Women Voters of Boulder County

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday

What's the fuss over 'God-given rights'?;
ON YOUR MIND

BYLINE: By Rodney D. Coates

SECTION: IDEAS & VOICES; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 634 words


Rodney D. Coates is a professor in sociology and gerentology at Miami
University.

In a move that has certainly raised the hackles of many so-called progressives,
President Barack Obama earlier this week insisted that the phrase "God-given" be
reinserted into the Democratic platform. The phrase had been stripped out, as
politically correct Democrats were concerned with being - well, politically
correct.

Why is this, or should it be, a big deal?

Simple. The removal of this phrase essentially alienated a large chunk of
Americans, more than 80 percent of whom consider themselves to be Christian. For
far too long, there have been efforts to marginalize and isolate the Christian
left among Democrats and progressives. These efforts have unfortunately reduced
the voice of this group within the party. Not only does this significantly limit
the progressive political movement, it also guarantees that the Christian right
will continue to presume to be the only voice of Christians in this country.

Both of those assumptions need to be challenged, and for both of these reasons
President Obama insisted upon the platform language change.

The change amounts to much more than window dressing. It provides the space for
the Christian left to help articulate its views and add its voice to the
progressive agenda. We saw this most clearly in the brief speech at the
Democratic National Convention by Sister Simone Campbell, executive director of
Network, a Roman Catholic social justice organization.

Beginning her remarks with, "I'm one of the Nuns on the Bus," Sister Campbell
talked about her group, which serves poor communities and stresses social
justice. She, along with fellow Catholic sisters, went on a 2,700-mile crusade
to confront the policies of Republicans Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan. She called
attention to fellow Catholic Ryan's budget proposal, which the U.S. Conference
of Catholic Bishops in April declared to have "failed a basic moral test" by
making the plight of families living in poverty more difficult.

The Nuns on the Bus protest was equally targeting the Vatican criticism that
Sister Camp-bell and other progressive nuns were more concerned with "social
justice" than things like abortion. Sister Camp-bell said basically that
social-justice concerns are pro-life. "Our faith strongly affirms that we are
all responsible for one another. I am my sister's keeper. I am my brother's
keeper.... This is part of my pro-life stance, and the right thing to do." This
clarion call opened the door for other progressive Christians to "Get on the
bus."

I live in the state of Ohio, and many outside the state might get the impression
that the only voices of Christians here are those of the right. Well, gladly and
proudly, I can attest to the large and vocal presence of the Christian left.

This Christian left is heavily involved with social justice and unions. It is
concerned with issues of the increasingly immoral use of capital punishment, the
rise in the military industrial complex, and the decline in funding of
education. Its members continue to support civil rights - to include the rights
of homosexuals and same-sex marriages. They have and continue to be the mainstay
reflected by such national spokesmen as Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton and Cornel
West.

For these reasons, we applaud the president's decision not to be politically
correct, but to be the leader we have all grown to love and respect. A leader
who challenges us to accept him, as he is - a strong, black Christian American.

So, what's the fuss? Part of it is just right. We cannot ask the president or
anyone else to check their religious beliefs at the door. But even more, one of
our God-given rights, established by the U.S. Constitution, is the right to
believe in God - sometimes known as the freedom of religion.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            March 5, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Rein in greedy oil companies, profits

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 310 words


On March 3, The Augusta Chronicle editorial staff linked the Democratic
candidates with Venezualan dictator Hugo Chavez, when Hillary Clinton and Barack
Obama said the government should do something about the grossly astronomical and
disproportionate profits the oil companies are bleeding from the American
people. Nice smear.

You see, Chavez is not one of "our" dictators, like the early Saddam Hussein and
Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan were. He's dangerous, uncontrollable and therefore
not useful to us, so we marginalize him as the crazy socialist he is. I wish I
had a nickel for every time the words "liberal/socialist" were confused with
"Democrat" on these editorial pages. The words are not interchangeable.

Apparently The Chronicle and the GOP see no problem with gas prices, now more
than $3 a gallon and predicted to go to $4 this summer. ... Teamed with gas/oil
utility bills that sharply increase even as we use less, we have a ticking time
bomb that is threatening not just the lower and middle classes, but (dare I say
it?) may even have an effect on the upper classes.

Oil affects us all. It's simple economics, oil companies say: supply and demand.
... Well, we know when we're getting ripped off. We know that $40 billion in
profits in a quarter, after paying executives hundreds of millions in salaries
and bonuses, is unconscionable greed. We know that by artificially controlling
the refining process, oil companies control prices. We know that not having
built a new refinery in decades, but still taking tax incentives and using them
to buy back company stock, is tantamount to stealing from us. We know that the
poor and retirees having to choose among heat or fuel or groceries in the
greatest country in the world is absolutely unacceptable.

We know that free market capitalism does not come with a license to steal.

Stephen Barrow

Aiken, S.C.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 29, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Political Memo;
That Silence In Albany? Budget Talks

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1175 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, April 28


Even for Albany, this is bad.

The state budget will be a month overdue on Friday, a milestone that would have
made lawmakers blush a decade ago, but has become ho-hum. What amazes and
concerns many legislators, lobbyists and advocates this year is not so much the
lateness, as the absence of serious budget negotiations among legislative
leaders and Gov. George E. Pataki. The talk of the Capitol is that there is no
talk.

"I've never seen an April like this, where, four weeks into the fiscal year,
there's a complete vacuum," said Andrew Rein, senior research associate at the
Citizens Budget Commission, a nonprofit group that closely follows the process.
"It's phenomenal and disturbing. There's one major thing they have to get done
every year, and nobody's even really talking about it."

The usual barriers stand in the way of progress, from serious disagreement over
how much to spend, particularly on education and health care, to Mr. Pataki's
ever-chillier relationship with the Legislature. Nor is there evidence that the
public much cares about late budgets, making it easier for lawmakers to go past
the deadline.

But perhaps the more important brake on budget progress this year is a series of
fundamental changes the Governor is pressing in the way budgets are proposed,
negotiated and completed, part of a campaign to seize much greater power over
the final product and marginalize the Legislature. Those changes have left the
Legislature reeling, unsure how to proceed, and desperately searching -- so far
unsuccessfully -- for a way to reassert its influence.

The stalemate has implications not just for the budget, the main business of the
Legislature, but for nearly every issue taken up here. In Albany, most
significant legislation is held hostage through budget negotiations, as factions
use the budget as leverage on unrelated matters, and then disposed of in a
flurry of deal-making.

But the later the budget goes, the harder it becomes to take care of other
business before the Legislature's annual session draws to its scheduled close in
June. Not coincidentally, the very late budgets of recent years have been
accompanied by a steep decline in the number of bills enacted.

"I've been here a lot of years, and I thought the last few years were bad, but
I've never seen such a lack of movement, on the budget or anything else," said
Lester M. Shulklapper, who has been a lobbyist in Albany for 25 years.

Of course, experience has shown that when motivated, New York's lawmakers can
break the logjams and pass a budget in as little as three weeks. No one here
rules out something like that happening soon, but no one expects it, either.

His words drawn out by a protracted sigh, Assemblyman Herman D. Farrell Jr., the
normally ebullient Manhattan Democrat who heads the Ways and Means Committee,
which drafts spending bills, said, "I think it could run very, very long."

The Democratic Assembly Speaker, Sheldon Silver, and the Republican Senate
majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, have been carping at each other, and at Mr.
Pataki, each trying to fix blame somewhere else.

"I talk to the Governor, I talk to Shelly, and I think they talk to each other,"
Mr. Bruno said. "I don't know." But he conceded that those conversations had
been neither frequent nor productive. His assessment of the situation? "It's a
cartoon."

Asked whether there was any progress, he said, "No, there really isn't. Not a
thing."

Mr. Pataki, a Republican, takes the unusual position that the stalemate has
nothing to do with him, but is entirely up to the Legislature to resolve. Asked
this week whether there was anything he could do to get the process moving, he
said, "Not that I'm aware of."

Mr. Silver and Mr. Pataki have not met face to face since April 6.

New York already has a record of budget tardiness unimaginable in any other
state. For 15 straight years, lawmakers have failed to enact a budget by the
April 1 deadline, going as late as 126 days in 1997.

This year, Mr. Pataki has proposed a $72.7 billion budget, keeping the spending
increase within the rate of inflation by cutting education and health care
programs. The Democrats who control the Assembly want to spend $2 billion to $4
billion more, depending on whose figures one believes, and the Senate
Republicans are between the two, but closer to the Governor's numbers.

Until last year, budgets were negotiated by the Governor and the two legislative
leaders in closed-door meetings, a process derided as secretive and
undemocratic.

Mr. Pataki repeatedly prodded the Legislature to do what Congress does: have
members of both houses meet in conference committees to hammer out their
differences, then pass a budget and send it to him. Last year, the Assembly and
Senate finally took him up on the idea, and it was, at first, viewed as a great
success. Rather than only two legislators being directly involved in the
negotiations, dozens had a hand in it.

But the new approach turned out to be a coup for the Governor. Under the old
system, he was obliged to negotiate, and then to abide by the resulting
compromises. In the new system, he was freed of both duties.

When the Legislature sent him its budget last year, he vetoed 1,300 spending
line items, well more than $1 billion. It was a stinging defeat for the
Legislature, particularly the Democrats who control the Assembly, whose pet
projects were the bulk of the veto targets.

The legislative leaders say they do not want to return to the old "three men in
a room" practice, and if they tried, they would risk not only harsh criticism
but possible rebellion among their colleagues. They also want to avoid a repeat
of last year's fiasco, but don't know how.

Mr. Pataki gave them a couple of new things to worry about this year.

First, he insisted that in exchange for approving a pay raise for the state's
elected officials, that legislators' salaries be withheld as long as the budget
is late. Many legislators, including some who voted for the law, complain that
it gives the Governor great power to outwait them, and could cause the
Legislature to cave in after a time.

Second, Mr. Pataki dramatically changed the way his budget bills were drafted,
making it much harder for the Legislature to make the kinds of alterations that
were once considered standard. Some legislators say the changes are illegal,
though no court challenge has been mounted. Legislative leaders are still
debating how to counter the Governor's move.

"The Governor wants to establish the imperial governorship," Mr. Farrell said.
"He's created a series of really deep, institutional problems for us, and he's
convinced we'll collapse under the pressure. He's decided this is the year to
break us."

For now, Mr. Bruno and Mr. Silver are mired in a spat over whose fault it is
that they have not yet begun conference committee meetings, and there is ample
evidence that neither is in a hurry to start.

"I think anyone making plans for the summer is going to have to reconsider," Mr.
Shulklapper said.





http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company
