



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  16:01:33 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (affect USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

The Trustees Of Columbia University In The City Of New York (New York) applies
for US Patent titled as "SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR VISUAL SENTIMENT ANALYSIS"

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170046601 for US Patent, published on February 16, 2017, by
The Trustees Of Columbia University In The City Of New York (New York), titled
as "SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR VISUAL SENTIMENT ANALYSIS"  for the registration of
patent.



Inventors: Chang; Shih-Fu; (New York, NY) ; Chen; Yan-Ying; (Sunnyvale, CA) ;
Chen; Tao; (New York, NY)

Applicant: The Trustees Of Columbia University In The City Of New York   New
York   NY (New York)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Method for determining one or more viewer affects evoked from visual content
using visual sentiment analysis using a correlation model including a plurality
of publisher affect concepts correlated with a plurality of viewer affect
concepts includes detecting one or more of the plurality of publisher affect
concepts present in selected visual content, and determining, using the
correlation model, one or more of the plurality of viewer affect concepts
corresponding to the one or more of the detected publisher affect concepts. A
method for determining one or more visual content to evoke one or more viewer
affects using visual sentiment analysis is also provided."


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday

PLOWING THE FUTURE

BYLINE: KRISTEN DAVENPORT

SECTION: TASTE; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 1372 words


The federal FarmBill reaches far beyond those in the field,

and activists hit the road to let America know

Future: Spending bill tops $90 billion to be doled out each year

If you're the type of person whose eyes glaze over at the mention of the federal
Farm Bill, believing it is the realm of farmers growing 20,000 acres of corn in
one of those "I" states (Iowa? Indiana?), it's time to think again.

The Farm Bill -- up for renegotiation this year -- affects everyone who eats
food. And that means you.

The Farm Bill also affects anyone on food stamps. It affects anyone whose kids
eat in public schools. It affects anyone with rural property anywhere in the
country. It affects the Food Depot in Santa Fe and the natural-foods stores
here.

It affects New Mexico's small farmers and local farmers markets.

"The seeds of change are being planted," said Daniel Imhoff, a writer and
activist who promotes small farming and fair food policies.

In fact, there are numbers of local and national activists touring the country
this year trying to plant seeds in the public mind: The federal Farm Bill is not
just for megafarmers growing unimaginable quantities of corn for ethanol. It
affects everyone in the country, they are saying, because all of us eat.

Imhoff and others are hoping Americans will come to think of the "farm bill" as
the "food bill" instead.

"Here we have this huge spending bill, nearly $90 billion per year, and very few
people realize what is at stake here and what it means for the food on our
tables," said Imhoff, author of Food Fight: The Citizen's Guide to a Food and
Farm Bill.

Imhoff will be at Cloud Cliff Bakery in Santa Fe on Thursday night for a
discussion of the federal bill. A similar meeting will be held in Albuquqerque
tonight. Sponsors include La Montañita Co-op, Albuquerque Downtown Growers
Market, Edible Santa Fe, Cloud Cliff Bakery, Farm to Table, Immanuel
Presbyterian Church, New Mexico Food and Agriculture Policy Council, Santa Fe
Farmers Market Institute, Slow Food Rio Grande, Slow Food Santa Fe and Local
Flavor magazine.

A legacy of the Depression

The federal Farm Bill is a gigantic package that authorizes all types of farm
and food spending -- from subsidies for corn, soy and wheat farmers in the
Midwest to food stamps. There are hundreds of other, smaller programs within the
bill, too -- money for farmers market WIC (Women, Infants and Children)
programs, money for farmers with good land- and water-conservation practices,
money for food banks and supplemental food programs and money for school
lunches.

The Farm Bill and the subsidies it contains have a history that go back to the
Great Depression, Imhoff said.

"Our soil was blowing away," he said. "Millions of people were unemployed and
there were too many crops, rather than too little, and prices were so low they
initiated the Farm Bill to help farmers and to take that food and feed the
hungry."

Since then, the bill's skeleton has been reauthorized every five years: The last
time it came up for discussion was in 2002. It has to be reauthorized again by
September 2007 and then won't be reviewed again until 2012. Although the outline
of the nation's food and farm policy is contained in the main bill, the
nuts-and-bolts details -- and funding for some of the priorities of the main
Farm Bill -- are revisited every year.

For instance, while the main Farm Bill might encourage increased spending for
farmland conservation, it is up to each annual Congress to fund that priority.
Sometimes that happens, and sometimes it doesn't, Imhoff said.

"In 2002, they unveiled this new program -- the Conservation Security Program,"
Imhoff said. "It was going to be nationwide in every watershed (giving money to
farmers who protected watersheds). For the next several years, they flat-funded
it -- they only funded it for

10 percent of the country."

But good news came last week for the Conservation Security Program. Under
pressure from groups such as the National Campaign for Sustainable Agriculture
and other groups, House and Senate committees agreed last year to increase
spending on the program.

That type of pressure can help, but it doesn't always do enough.

Setbacks for

hunger programs

Laurel Wyckoff, director of the New Mexico Association of Food Banks, said the
initial unveiling of the proposed 2007 Farm Bill was discouraging for those who
work with hunger programs. The proposal includes "very little new investment on
the Food Stamp program" as well as new punitive measures against states that
don't properly administer the program. The bill also contains negative revisions
to the emergency food-assistance program (designed for severe cases involving
hungry Americans), Wyckoff said.

"With nearly one in seven New Mexicans, including thousands of children, living
on the brink of hunger, the administration's proposal is detrimental to the
future of low-income individuals and families," Wyckoff said in a press release.

Various groups have been measuring levels of "food insecurity" -- a fancy term
for "hunger" -- in the nation for years. New Mexico has consistently come in
near the top of the list of states with the highest percentage of people living
without enough food.

"The administration is taking a pass on an opportunity to help hungry
Americans," Wyckoff said.

Getting more money to small farmers

But, Imhoff points out, it's not too late to influence the Farm Bill.

"I expect that for many reasons, including increased awareness and more groups
focused on the Farm Bill and its important issues, that this is going to be a
hotly contested bill watched more closely than ever before," he said. Groups in
Washington -- lobbyists, public-interest groups and lawmakers -- are meeting
now, Imhoff said, to get the details of the bill.

"Any change is going to be better than what we had in the last two Farm Bills,"
Imhoff said.

Right now, of the total $90 billion package, about half goes to farm subsidies;
the other half goes to food stamps and nutrition programs.

"More and more money has gone to these huge, big, wealthy farms," Imhoff said.
"Meanwhile, there are fewer and fewer farmers. We need programs to help young
people get into farming. So few young people want to take up farming."

Imhoff said many food activists are hoping to influence the government to put
less money into big agribusiness and more into small farms, conservation,
organic or responsible agriculture and nutrition. They also hope the government
will decide to spend a bit more getting healthy, fresh food into schools. Right
now, the government spends $2.32 on every school lunch it serves -- an
appallingly low amount that's not enough to buy good food, Imhoff said.

"There has to be more money for getting fresh fruits and veggies into our
schools," he said. "There are millions of kids who get most of their food from
their school lunch. Right now, the school-lunch program is so underfunded, the
public schools are a dumping ground for food that induces diabetes and obesity."

Imhoff and others are not necessarily asking for an end to farm subsidies. They
just want to be sure that those subsidies are more clearly tied to a public
benefit.

But so far, that doesn't appear likely, he said, because of annual lobbying from
big agribusinesses, which spent nearly $100 million last year on lobbying.
Still, Imhoff said, "I'm hopeful we can get some changes made."

"The truth is, this is our chance to get it right -- to grow healthy food, to
get healthy food into our communities and protect our environment," Imhoff said.
"We're trying to get more and more people understanding what this bill means,
what it means in their daily life."

ON THE WEB

* www.usda.gov/farmbill

* www.foodsecurity.org

* www.msawg.org

* www.fafiusa.org

* www.sustainableagriculture.net

* www.wildfarmalliance.org

* www.watershedmedia.org

IF YOU GO

What: Farm Bill community forum - a panel and community dialogue on the 2007
federal Farm Bill.

Why: To discuss the impact of national farmpolicy on hunger, communities and the
environment.

When: Tonight. Doors open at 6:30 p.m., discussion begins at 7 p.m.

Where: Cloud Cliff Bakery, 1805 Second St., Santa Fe

Cost: Free

For more information: Call Robin Seydel (in Albuquerque) at 877-775-2667 or Will
Propkiac (in Santa Fe) at 984-2852.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The New Mexican


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                         Credit Acceptance Corporation

                            25505 West 12 Mile Road
                             Southfield 48034-8339
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


CAC is a provider of auto loans to consumers in the US. Strong financial
performance, comprehensive portfolio of auto financing programs and CAPS system
are the company's key strengths, even as its substantial debts and reliance on
third party remain areas of concern. Going forward, fluctuations in interest
rate, changing regulations, and intense competition may affect the company's
business performance. However, growing auto industry in the US and growing US
economy may provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Strong financial performance boosts investors' confidence. The company reported
revenues of US$825.3 million in FY2015, with an annual growth of 14.1% over that
of FY2014. The increase in revenues was primarily due to growth in new consumer
loan assignments in recent years; increase in vehicle service contract profit
sharing income and also due to increase in GPS-SID fee income. The company also
recorded increase in its operating and net income. During FY2015, it reported
operating income of US$550.5 million, an annual increase of 15.3% over operating
income of US$477.6 million in FY2014. During FY2015, the net income of the
company was US$299.7 million, representing an annual growth of 12.6% over net
income of US$266.2 million in FY2014. Such a strong growth in revenues and
incomes depicts the financial stability, and its strong position in the market
place. This improved performance will also help the company to pursue its growth
plans aggressively.

COMPREHENSIVE PORTFOLIO OF AUTO FINANCING PROGRAMS


CAC has a comprehensive portfolio of auto financing programs, which provides it
with a competitive edge over its peers in the industry. The company offers auto
loans and related products and services to consumers in the US. Its loan
programs include portfolio program, which advances money to dealer-partners in
exchange for the right to service the underlying consumer loans; and purchase
program that buys the consumer loans from the dealer-partners and keeps amounts
collected from the consumers. In addition, the company also provides dealer and
partners the ability to offer vehicle service contracts and a GAP product to
consumers on vehicles financed by the company. CAC's portfolio of auto financing
programs enables it to address multiple requirements of its customers.

CAPS SYSTEM


Deployment of Credit Approval Processing System (CAPS) system is a major
strength of the company. The company developed CAPS, a unique system, designed
for originating auto loans. With the system, the company takes only 60 seconds
for loan approval, whereas many traditional lenders take one to four hours to
process a loan application. In addition, the system makes its financing program
easier for dealers to use, and allows the company to deploy much more precise
risk-adjusted pricing. The deployment of CAPS system enhances the company's
operational efficiency to drive its business growth.


WEAKNESSES:


RELIANCE ON THIRD PARTY


The company's reliance on third party for a portion of its business may
adversely affect its business. CAC outsources a portion of its collections
functions to third party providers (TPPs). The company has partnerships with
TPPs to administer vehicle service contract and GAP products underwritten by
third party insurers and financed by it. The company is dependent on these TPPs
to evaluate and pay claims in an accurate and timely manner. It also has
relationships with TPPs to sell and administer GPS-SID. Such reliance on third
party providers may subject the company to risks associated with inadequate or
untimely service. Its reputation in the marketplace may be undermined, and its
financial position, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely
affected, if relationships with these TPPs were modified, disrupted, or
terminated.

SUBSTANTIAL DEBTS


CAC has substantial debts, which may adversely affect its operations. The
company reported total debt of US$2,084.6 million during FY2015, an increase of
19% over that of FY2014. In addition, the company reported debt-to-equity ratio
of 2.24, which exceeds standard ratio of 1. This is likely to affect the
financial stability of the company as the significant increase in debt limits
the company's ability to obtain additional financing in future for working
capital, and for other strategic initiatives. Substantial debts may adversely
affect the company's operations and may further weaken its financial position.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING AUTO INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing auto industry in the US.
According to American Automotive Policy Council (AAPC), the US auto industry is
growing with gradual increase of auto sales. The US auto sales are expected to
reach or exceed 17 million vehicles by the end of 2016. The growth will be
primarily driven by rising demand of auto vehicles in the US, and growing US
economy. Thus, the rising sales of new vehicle will drive the demand of auto
financing. As a provider of automobile dealers financing programs in the US, the
company is well placed to benefit from this.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.5% in 2015 and is expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. The major growth drivers are
the declining unemployment rate, increase in consumer purchases and
normalization of monetary policy in the US. Increase in consumer purchases is
likely to increase the demand for auto sales in the country, which in turn
increases the demand for the providers of auto loans. As a provider of vehicle
loan and other related services in the US, CAC is well placed to benefit from
this.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATE


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the borrowing costs of the company and
also affects the profitability and liquidity of the company. Increasing interest
rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the fee
income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of
income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond its
control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as periodic monitoring of interest rates and
implementation of strategies according to the changed rates may affect its
profitability, borrowing, income and investment returns.

INTENSE COMPETITION


CAC operates in an intensely competitive automobile finance market, which may
adversely affect its market share and profits. The market is served by a variety
of companies such as "buy here, pay here" dealerships. The market is also
currently served by banks, captive finance affiliates of automobile
manufacturers, credit unions and independent finance companies both publicly and
privately owned. Many of these companies are much larger and have greater
financial resources compared to CAC. Some of the major competitors of CAC
include Capital One Auto Finance; CarMax Business Services, LLC; American Credit
Acceptance; Santander Consumer USA Inc and Ford Motor Credit Company LLC.
Intense competition is likely to put the company's market position under stress
and may keep revenues under pressure.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various government and regulatory
authorities in the US. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Entergy layoffs may not affect area

BYLINE: Lindsey Shelton, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


Aug. 02--NATCHEZ --Entergy Mississippi is cutting 80 jobs across the state, but
it is unclear if any layoffs will affect local workers.

Entergy Mississippi Spokeswoman Mara Hartmann said Entergy Corp. is planning to
cut 800 jobs, 80 of which will be in Mississippi.

The layoffs have started and should be completed by the end of the year, but
Hartmann said Entergy will not know if any Natchez jobs will be cut until early
November.

Hartmann said 40 jobs will be cut in Jackson, and the remaining 40 will be
spread across Entergy Mississippi's 45-county service area.

The layoffs will affect mostly support services and "office-type" jobs, Hartmann
said. No lineman, journeyman, field engineer or engineering associate jobs will
be cut, Hartmann said.

"Those people that are out working to get your power back on, there will be no
reduction there," she said.

Hartmann said it is important for Entergy customers to know that the company
works to bring them safe, reliable energy and remains committed to that.

The job cuts come after Entergy spun off its transmission business to ITC
Holdings based in Novi, Mich., which Hartmann said "left our company looking
significantly different."

"We had to take a whole look at the company, how we might better organize to
meet a lot of the changing needs of the company, customers and different things
affecting utility companies in general," Hartmann said.

The layoffs were not a direct result of spinning off the transmission business,
Hartmann said, but the move gave the company a chance to assess its needs.

The layoffs will include eliminating some jobs, consolidating others and
completely changing some, Hartmann said.

The bulk of Entergy's layoffs will be in Louisiana, with 240 planned layoffs,
including approximately 160 in the New Orleans area. That's about 6 percent of
Entergy's metro-area jobs and 5 percent statewide. Louisiana layoffs make up 30
percent of the total.

Arkansas would lose about 165 jobs, Texas 115 and New York 110. Most states
would lose 4 percent to 6 percent of their Entergy workers; Texas would lose
about 10 percent, and Massachusetts, Michigan and Vermont about 30 each.

___ (c)2013 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130802-YY-Entergy-layoffs-may-not-affect-area-0802-20130802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2013 The Natchez Democrat


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday

Government shutdown could affect Matthew 25

BYLINE: Rich Suwanski, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Oct. 05--Sally Welch said the government shutdown could affect Matthew 25 AIDS
Services, which helps 400 clients in western Kentucky, southern Indiana and
southern Illinois.

"We get government funds and if the government stays closed down for an extended
period of time, it will trickle down and our funds will run short also," said
Welch, the community services director with Matthew 25, which is based in
Henderson but serves Owensboro.

"We could always take food donations. We're getting a little concerned because
you're never sure how a government shutdown will affect people and their food
stamps. They'd have to go to local food banks to subsidize their food."

October is AIDS Awareness Month and Welch said people "need to know their
(health) status by getting tested."

"We offer a free 20-minute test with an oral swab," Welch said. "Just call us if
you want to get tested and we'll tell you when we're going to be in Owensboro,
Evansville, Bowling Green ..."

Matthew 25's number is 1-866-607-6590.

"If you're having, or ever had, unprotected sex, or if you're sharing needles,
you need to get tested," Welch said.

Welch said there are no symptoms specific to being HIV-positive.

"It's body aches and not feeling well, in general," she said. "You could mistake
it for a cold or the flu. There is nothing that triggers an alarm telling you
you might be HIV-positive."

The early stages of HIV infection may include symptoms like fever, headache,
tiredness, swollen lymph glands, sore throat or skin rash. The symptoms usually
go away within a month, but because they go away so fast, they can be easily
mistaken for other viral infections, like the flu, according to the Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention.

The CDC reports that about 236,000 people in the United States don't realize
they have HIV and may be putting others at risk with whom they have intercourse.

Officials say if a person is "high-risk," they should be tested every three
months, otherwise at least once every six months.

Rich Suwanski, 691-7315, or rsuwanski@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2013 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131005-OW-Government-shutdown-could-affect-Matthew-25-1005-20131005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2013 Messenger-Inquirer


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

Patient mood can impact medical procedure results

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 Feeling high levels of distress, fear and hostility prior to undergoing an
angioplasty or other interventional radiology procedure may lead to a poor
outcome, according to new research presented today at the annual meeting of the
Radiological Society of North America (RSNA).





 "I was surprised by this result," said study author Nadja Kadom, M.D.,
currently acting associate professor of radiology at Emory University School of
Medicine and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. "Prior to this study, I did not
believe patient mood could have an effect on outcome."



 In the study, researchers analyzed the results of 230 patients, including 120
women and 110 men (mean age 55 years) who underwent image-guided interventional
radiology procedures including vascular and kidney interventions. The minimally
invasive procedures involved the use of a catheter, which is inserted through a
blood vessel and threaded to an area of the body, such as a blocked artery, for
treatment.



 Upon arriving for their procedure, patients were asked to complete a
questionnaire called the Positive Affect Negative Affect Schedule (PANAS) to
assess their mood. Using a five-point rating scale, the patients reported to
what extent they felt strong, alert, determined and other positive feeling
states and to what degree they were experiencing negative feelings, such as
guilt, nervousness or irritability.



 Dr. Kadom and fellow researchers Elvira V. Lang, M.D., Ph.D., and Gheorghe
Doros, Ph.D., grouped the patients based on high and low scores for positive
affect and high and low scores for negative affect. Those groups were then
correlated with the occurrence of adverse events during the procedures, such as
a prolonged lack of oxygen, low or high blood pressure, post-operative bleeding
or an abnormally slow heart rate.



 A statistical analysis of the data revealed that patients with a high negative
affect experienced significantly more adverse events than patients with low
negative affect. Of the 104 patients with high negative affect, 23 (22 percent)
had an adverse event, compared to 15 (12 percent) of the 126 patients with low
negative affect. The degree of positive affect did not make a significant
difference in the incidence of adverse events.



 "Our study shows that mood matters," noted Dr. Lang, an interventional
radiologist in Boston. "You don't need to have a chipper, cheery attitude prior
to your procedure. You just have to overcome negative emotions and get to a
neutral level."



 Unlike surgical procedures in which patients are not conscious, interventional
radiology procedures are often performed on patients who are sedated but awake
and able to talk with the physician and healthcare team.



 "This is a real issue," Dr. Lang said. "The procedure room is a two-way street
in which the patient can affect the healthcare professional and vice versa. Any
time the team must manage an adverse event, it takes attention away from the
procedure."



 Dr. Kadom said that although the tendency in radiology is to focus on improving
equipment and techniques to minimize adverse outcomes, there is a growing
awareness of what patients bring to the table.



 Dr. Lang suggested that healthcare teams should be trained in resilience and
techniques to create their own positive emotional states, as well as coping
strategies to help patients modify negative emotions and reframe their mindset
prior to undergoing a procedure.



 "We need to help staff show patients how to manage their own emotions to help
create an environment for a better outcome," she said.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            October 16, 2005 Sunday

Quake vs. UT football: Which is the bigger story?

BYLINE: Rich Oppel, EDITOR, AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. H3

LENGTH: 678 words


In a season of political scandal, hurricanes, pandemics, earthquakes and war,
what's the big deal in a University of Texas football victory over Oklahoma, a
team the Longhorns were expected to clobber and did?

Aren't 18,000 people dead in a South Asia earthquake more important than Jay
Janner's wall-to-wall photo of quarterback Vince Young celebrating?

Putting it charitably, some readers thought we were wrong to give greater play
to UT's victory than to the earthquake's terrible toll on last Sunday's front
page.

Kristen Downer called to say, "I am absolutely disgusted. You have 18,000 people
who died in an earthquake in South Asia and you have 'Red River Redemption'?"

A female caller who didn't give me her name said: "You are a disgusting human
being. Football is for morons. I pray to God that you will burn in hell."

Well, before I go there, let's discuss news judgment. What is news? News is that
which is important or interesting or both. Something is important when it
affects you.

We featured articles on last Sunday's A1 about the indictment of former House
Majority Leader Tom DeLay, how hurricanes wreaked financial havoc on the Gulf
Coast and why Samsung might spur a tech rebound in Austin. Each affects you.

If, as alleged, DeLay schemed to illegally influence the election of your
legislators, that affects you. If Katrina and Rita raise your taxes, that
affects you. If Samsung spurs the domino-like creation of jobs, that affects
you. But UT vs. OU?

That's a story so interesting it is important. Forget the literal importance --
AP rankings, the Big 12 championship and the race to the Rose Bowl.

It goes deeper. Victory or defeat digs deep into the culture. It might not
induce a  soccer riot, but it is a major event in the self-esteem and fortunes
of Texans.

You bet it's page-one news -- and big. On that Sunday, our single-copy sales --
racks and counter-tops -- were at 62,000 papers, about 2,000 more than the week
before and the same week a year ago. On our Web site, Longhorn traffic outpaced
the earthquake story 4-1. If you count all pictures and sidebars, the ratio was
100-1.

Do we devalue the lives of Pakistanis, Indians and Afghans in making judgments
about how to play stories? No. But you will not find a U.S. editor who will tell
you he or she would treat equally 1,000 deaths in Pakistan and 1,000 deaths in
New Orleans.

All life is sacred. Yet we grieve more deeply when family or friend dies. We
connect with California landslide victims because we've walked Santa Monica's
beaches, with Katrina evacuees because cousin Susan lives in Slidell, La.

Familiar feelings, whether for red-blood kin or burnt-orange kin, arise from our
primitive, instinctual, tribal roots. Compassion argues that we care for Junaid
Ahmed in Balakot as much as we do for Sue Smith in Slidell. But instinct and
familiarity impel us otherwise.

Editors seeking just the right groove between the familiar and remote, the
important and the interesting, decide story play similarly.

We certainly didn't hide the quake story. It appeared on page A1, column 6 --
traditionally the place for the most important "hard news" (as opposed to
feature) story of the day. The jump or continuation of the story and pictures
took up two-thirds of an inside page.

Editors Tara Trower and Scott Ladd were skeptical about the accuracy of the
early death numbers emerging from rural, inaccessible lands, but expanded play
of the story as the tale of the tragedy became more authoritative and horrible.

As it turned out, in subsequent days the reports became more authoritative as
the death toll climbed -- 35,000 dead as of this writing -- and the story led
the front page both Monday and Tuesday.

Any medium plays to its strengths, and so do we. No newspaper in the world can
exceed the Statesman in its coverage of Longhorns football. Any cable network,
however, can do a better job on coverage of an Asian earthquake. We don't ignore
the story. We give perspective to the events of world, nation, state and city.
But we play to our strengths.

Hook 'em, Horns.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Huntsville Item (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

SHSU not in favor of proposed NCAA Div. I structure

BYLINE: The Huntsville Item, Texas

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 871 words


Oct. 09--If the NCAA Board of Directors gets its way, the wealthiest college
conferences will have a more autonomous operational plan. As a result, the Board
of Directors would be allowed to restructure their voting members, which would
give the Football Championship Subdivision 18 percent less of vote in Division I
matters.

The autonomous structure is intended to give college athletes and athletic
directors -- the practitioners of college sports -- more of a voting voice, as
well as potentially provide unprecedented benefits for athletes at the 65
schools tied to the wealthiest athletic conferences -- the ACC, the Big Ten, the
Big 12, the Pac-12, the SEC and Notre Dame. Those benefits include improvements
in cost of attendance, insurance, health and well care, meals, and four-year
scholarships, for example.

Sam Houston State was one of 27 universities to vote against the change, far
less than the 75 required to force reconsideration of the legislation. Also
voting against the change were the entire Colonial Athletic Association
membership (College of Charleston, Delaware, Drexel, Elon, Fordham, Hofstra,
James Madison, Northeastern, Towson and William and Mary), Bradley and Indiana
State of the Missouri Valley Conference, Chattanooga and Wofford of the Southern
Conference, Houston Baptist, McNeese State, Nicholls State and Texas A&M-Corpus
Christi of the Southland Conference, New Hampshire and Vermont of the America
East, Iona and Saint Peter's of the Metro Atlantic, Loyola (Chicago) of the
Horizon, Seattle University of the WAC and University of Denver.

"I think from my perspective, the gap keeps getting farther," Sam Houston State
athletic director Bobby Williams said. "It's not that we're against allowing
(the power five conferences) to do what they need to do. But I think, as a
university, the gap just keeps getting farther and farther away. It affects
revenue streams for all of us and it becomes very centralized at the top.

"It's one of those things where you're not going to stop it from changing. The
whole spectrum of Division I keeps separating and different revenue streams are
getting all centralized at the top.

"It is what it is. We understand our spot in Division I. We understand that.
We're trying to be the best that we can at our level of Division I. That gap
keeps getting farther and farther. From facilities to revenue streams to
recruiting, it's getting more and more difficult because all the money empowered
to vote on things is centralized at the top level."

After not being able to force reconsideration of the legislation, changes may be
voted on as soon as the 2015 NCAA Convention in January.

One of the reasons for the objection, Williams says, is that the change in
structure could result in more of separation between lower-level FBS Conferences
such as the Sun Belt and Conference USA, compared to FCS leagues, particularly
the Southland Conference, Colonial Athletic Association and Missouri Valley
Football Conference for example.

"I don't think it was realistic that we were going to stop it," Williams said.
"Our vote was just more or less 'Hey, we don't disagree that you're ahead of
us.' It was more symbolic because they keep separating further and further. And
it affects us. It's hard to say how that's going to affect us. That's one of the
reasons we considered moving up to the FBS when I started looking at it eight
years ago. Because of that situation, several schools did because, while they're
not in the same category with all those other schools, they are closer to the
revenue stream. That affects all of us."

"I don't think we'll know the effects for sure," Williams added. "Other than the
fact that we know the facilities, there's a wide gap there. Even the Sun Belt
and Conference USA schools will feel that effect as well. It's going to affect
the recruiting aspect because we don't go head-to-head with the big conferences.
I really don't know all the different things that are going to happen to us,
we'll have to see how that's going to play out over the next five years or so
and we'll be able to get a better view of that.

"I don't know how it's going to affect us in recruiting against Sun Belt
schools. They're (Sun Belt and Conference USA) going to be able to get a bigger
part of the share from that standpoint. They're going to be able to have some
revenue streams that we may not have. And that will affect facilities,
scholarships, coaches salaries and that could affect our abilities to recruit
against them."

With the potential advantages of moving Sam Houston's football program into an
FBS conference now even more pronounced, Williams said the university has not
wavered on its commitment to the Southland. However, if the correct opportunity
arises, there's no telling what the future could hold for Sam Houston's athletic
program.

"We haven't changed our perspective that we want to be the best we can be in the
Southland," Williams said. "We want to be the best we can be nationally and keep
our options open for an FBS opportunity if it's appropriate for our university."

___ (c)2014 The Huntsville Item (Huntsville, Texas) Visit The Huntsville Item
(Huntsville, Texas) at www.itemonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141009-IH-SHSU-not-in-favor-of-proposed-NCAA-Div-I-structure-1009-20141009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IH


                       Copyright 2014 The Huntsville Item


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 17, 2003, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Tuesday's major league baseball trades

BYLINE: Rod Beaton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 15C

LENGTH: 342 words

Marlins-Athletics

Florida receives . . .

* RHP Mike Neu

* Player to be named or cash

Oakland receives . . .

* LHP Mark Redman

* How it affects the Marlins: Florida continues to trade away cogs of its World
Series champion. Neu, 25, is expected to fill a middle-inning role out of the
bullpen.

 * How it affects the Athletics: The A's will have until Saturday to offer the
arbitration-eligible Redman a contract. Redman, 29, will slide into the fourth
spot in Oakland's rotation, replacing Ted Lilly, who was traded to Toronto.


Cubs-Athletics

Chicago receives . . .

* C Michael Barrett

Oakland receives . . .

* Player to be named

 * How it affects the Cubs: Barrett is arbitration eligible, but his 2003 season
was nothing to boast about or get rich from. Barrett, 27, was Montreal's
first-round pick in 1995 but never hit as expected. He is a competent catcher
who throws pretty well, an ideal man to share duties with incumbent Damian
Miller. This does not mean the Cubs will drop their cautious interest in free
agents Javy Lopez and Ivan Rodriguez.

 * How it affects the Athletics: The A's still don't have a replacement for
catcher Ramon Hernandez, their top notch-receiver who was traded to San Diego.
Adam Melhuse (.299, five home runs in 40 games) is not the answer. The player to
be named is probably a minor league pitcher.


Red Sox-Rockies

Boston receives . . .

* IF Mark Bellhorn

Colorado receives . . .

* Player to be named

* How it affects the Red Sox: Switch-hitting Bellhorn could be a utility
infielder. But if he hits like he did in 2002 -- .258 with 27 home runs and 56
RBI -- Bellhorn will be a second baseman a lot like Todd Walker, who had the job
last season: good bat, mediocre defense (except Bellhorn isn't a free agent).

 * How it affects the Rockies: They get younger and cheaper. Bellhorn, 29,
signed a one-year, $ 495,000 contract last month. Now Colorado will look at
Aaron Miles, a trade pickup from the White Sox or Rule 5 pick Luis Gonzalez at
second base.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              July 22, 2012 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

lavelle e. neal III's sunday insider

BYLINE: LA VELLE E. NEAL III; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 805 words



HIGHLIGHT: Injuries spur trade talks // Who's on the DL affects how other teams
see Francisco Liriano and Denard Span, whose names keep circulating.


A change in compensation rules and the addition of an extra wild-card spot could
lead to more deals before the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline. But nothing can
get trade talks going like injuries.

Like the tow truck driver hanging out by the freeway waiting to pounce on wrecks
and breakdowns, teams looking to move players can pounce on clubs in need of a
quick fix because their player landed on the disabled list.

In the past few weeks, a number of players have landed on the disabled list.
Some are coming back in time to help the playoff push. Some are out for the
season. The Twins lost a potential trade chip in righthander Matt Capps, who is
back on the DL with more shoulder problems. But lefthander Francisco Liriano and
outfielder Denard Span continue to see their names thrown around in trade
rumors.

Here are just a few teams with injury issues -- and how it could affect the
Twins leading up to July 31.

Yankees LHP Andy Pettitte

Injury: Fractured left ankle

How it could affect Twins: The Yankees have scouted Liriano extensively in
recent weeks. Freddy Garcia and Phil Hughes have been solid in the rotation,
which might allow them to focus elsewhere. Brett Gardner (elbow surgery) is
expected to miss the rest of the season, and the Yankees might go for short-term
outfield help. But Pettitte is out until Sept. 1.

Angels RHP Dan Haren

Injury: Sore back

How it could affect the Twins: Haren is scheduled to come back Sunday, but
indications are that the Angels will continue to look for starting pitching, and
they have scouted Liriano. They might not have the chips to pull off a big move
for Cole Hamels, Zack Greinke or Ryan Dempster, making Liriano a better option.
The Angels had a scout at Liriano's last start.

White Sox RHP Gavin Floyd

Injury: Sore elbow

How it could affect the Twins: What it might do is force the Twins to face
Dempster or Greinke during the final two months of the season. White Sox GM
Kenny Williams has never been reluctant to make a deal, and Chicago already has
used 10 starting pitchers this season and can't rely on rookies in the heat of a
pennant race.

Detroit RHP Drew Smyly

Injury: Sore rib cage muscle

How it affects the Twins: The Tigers need depth in their rotation and will not
sit out the days before the deadline. Can't see the Twins trading Liriano to
either the White Sox or Tigers and help a division foe. Can see the Tigers in
win-now mode.

Cincinnati 1B Joey Votto

Injury: Torn meniscus in left knee

How it affects the Twins: It's about how the Reds want to deal with Votto's
loss. The Reds, interested in starting pitching, have scouted the Twins and
could be interested in Liriano. Cincinnati also needs a leadoff hitter, and the
Reds could have Span in their sights.

It's considered one of the worst trades the Royals ever have made. Last
November, they sent outfielder Melky Cabrera to San Francisco for lefthander
Jonathan Sanchez and a minor leaguer.

Cabrera was the All-Star Game MVP in Kansas City. Sanchez went 1-6 with a 7.76
ERA in 12 starts, and the Royals designated the worst pitcher in the American
League for assignment.

The Royals were on the hook for about $2.5 million in salary to Sanchez, but
they were able to deal him to Colorado for Jeremy Guthrie on Friday.

"His stuff is still there," Royals manager Ned Yost said. "... When he throws on
the side, it's there, but it gets lost in the transition somehow [to the game]."

---

The Tigers have lacked stability at second since Placido Polanco left after the
2009 season. Tigers second basemen entered Friday batting .199.

While speculation has the Tigers looking for starting pitching help, there are
reports that they have been talking to the Marlins about Omar Infante, who was
with Detroit from 2002 to '07.

---

Young White Sox pitchers keep getting the job done. Chicago now is 10-6 in games
started by rookies.

"This certainly wasn't the way we drew it up, I'll assure you that,'' White Sox
assistant general manager Rick Hahn said. "The other night [in Kansas City], it
was the first time that a team had ever used eight rookies in a game and won the
game."

---

While the Indians have talked about sending catcher Carlos Santana to the minors
to work on his swing, he hit his first homer of the season Wednesday.

Three observations ...

-Andrew McCutchen, you are ridiculous.

-The Twins should pick out a few home games each year to open the gates at
Target Field earlier so fans can watch their team take batting practice. By the
time gates open at 5:30 p.m., the Twins are done hitting, and there's something
wrong about that.

-Is it really a competitive balance draft if St. Louis and Detroit qualify?

... and two predictions

-The Nationals will trade for a starting pitcher as protection against a
shutdown of Stephen Strasburg.

-Rays lefthander David Price will finish the season with a major league-high 22
victories.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                               February 26, 2001

THE GRIPE LINE: All's quiet on the UCITA front -- too quiet -- but that's about
to change

By Ed Foster

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 85

LENGTH: 931 words

THE UNIFORM COMPUTER Information Transactions Act (UCITA) is the
 proposed state law that carries all manner of horrors for IT organizations,
 technical professionals, consumers, librarians, and so on (see
 www.infoworld.com/ucita for background information). Since being passed by
 Virginia and Maryland last year, UCITA has fortunately made little headway.
 But with most state legislative sessions now in full swing, things are
 starting to heat up again.

 I'm glad to report that UCITA opponents have managed to put the breathing
 spell to good use because we are far better organized. A new coalition called

 Americans for Fair Electronic Commerce Transactions (AFFECT) has been formed

 through the consolidation of previous efforts. By combining the energies and

 resources of the many interests groups that have recognized the dangers of
 UCITA, the coalition is better coordinated and has more professional help and

 funding to take on the Herculean task of educating legislators and the public

 about UCITA.

 We'll need all the additional help we can get. As I write this, UCITA has
 been introduced in Arizona and Texas, and by the time you read this a few
 more states may have been added to the list. Among the states where AFFECT
 scouts have detected signs of UCITA activities are California, Delaware,
 Georgia, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, and
 Washington.

 Texas figures to be an extremely interesting battleground. Signatories of an

 open letter to the Texas legislature requesting that UCITA not be introduced

 in the state this year included Boeing, Conoco, Dow Chemical, Exxon Mobil,
 Lockheed, and Phillips Petroleum. With that kind of opposing lineup,
 particularly one featuring the petroleum industry, you might think UCITA
 would have no chance in Texas. But it was introduced anyway. A pro-UCITA
 letter signed by Compaq, Dell, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, and Texas Instruments
 gives you some idea of how the battle lines are drawn. (It's the first
 appearance of Compaq and Dell that I've seen in the UCITA fight, but it's not

 surprising given how easy it is to bring PC sales under UCITA's auspices.) We

 could be headed for quite a shoot-out.

 I should make it clear that not all the states I've mentioned are likely to
 hold hearings and actually bring UCITA to a vote this year. Even in Arizona
 and Texas, AFFECT coordinators have hope that the bill will be kept in
 committees for study during the current legislative sessions. Nonetheless,
 the experiences of Virginia and Maryland have taught the lesson that the
 process of educating key state government officials must begin at the first
 sign of trouble, if not before. If the wrong people commit early to UCITA out

 of ignorance, it may be too late to stop a fast track to enactment.

 AFFECT already has had some success just by making sure key legislators
 understand the controversy of UCITA. An example is the group's effort in
 Oklahoma, which was originally expected to be one of the first states to
 rubber-stamp UCITA as drafted. Once legislators began to understand the range

 and intensity of opposition that exists to the law in the state, however, the

 law stalled and for the time being appears to have lost momentum. Legislators

 who were inclined to push UCITA in other states have backed off, waiting to
 see what happens around the country.

 Clearly it's a critical period in UCITA's existence, and there's a real
 possibility it could remain isolated to Virginia and Maryland for the
 foreseeable future. The longer that period continues, the more likely voters

 in those two states will come to recognize what their elected officials have

 done.

 But we have to be realistic. This is politics, and we all know what politics

 runs on. And in that respect, this is still very much a David and Goliath
 battle. It's true that there are now some very large corporations supporting

 AFFECT, including Caterpillar, John Deere, Georgia-Pacific, International
 Paper, Principal Financial, Prudential, Reynolds Metal, and Walgreen. But
 what they will spend to fight a law that's not related to their mainstream
 business is nothing compared to what Microsoft and friends have spent and
 will continue to spend in support of a law designed to their specifications.


 What can you do? Well, if your company has recognized how much UCITA could
 cost it in increased legal expenses and licensing hassles, you might consider

 it a wise investment to pay a few thousand dollars to AFFECT and join it as a

 full member. If you can't offer any funding but you're willing to help fight

 UCITA in your state, sign up to do that. Go to www.affect.ucita.com, click on

 Join AFFECT, and fill out the form indicating what you or your organization
 is willing to do. It's a brand-new site; so if you run into bugs, try again
 later. That's one thing AFFECT has in common with UCITA's supporters: It
 comes with no guarantees.

 Got a complaint about how a vendor is treating you? Contact InfoWorld's
 reader advocate, Ed Foster, at gripe@infoworld.com.


LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 InfoWorld Media Group


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

            National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation

                             20701 Cooperative Way
                               Dulles,  VA 20166
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


CFC is a non-profit cooperative association. The company along with its
affiliated companies offers a range of financial products and services solutions
to its clients. Favorable ratings, broad product and service portfolio, and
improved top-line performances are the key strengths of the company, even as its
decrease in cash position remains an area of concern. In future, intense
competition, fluctuation in interest rates and changing regulation may affect
its business performance. However growing economy in the US and booming oil and
gas production may offer ample growth opportunity for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


FAVORABLE RATINGS


The company has been consistently receiving favorable ratings, which will boost
customers' confidence in the company. For instance, in October 2015, the company
was affirmed with senior secured rating of A1, senior unsecured rating of A2,
subordinate rating of A3 and commercial paper rating of P-1 with a stable
outlook by Moody Rating Agency. In May 2015, company was affirmed with long term
issuer default rating of A and senior secured rating of A+ with stable outlook
by Fitch Rating Agency. In January 2015, the company was affirmed with long term
issuer credit rating of A and short term issuer credit rating of A-1, with
stable outlook by Standard & Poor Credit Ratings. The ratings reflects high
quality asset portfolio, strong performance of loan portfolio, good track record
of managing credit restructuring and unique competitive position. Favorable
ratings generally result in lower borrowing costs and increased access to
capital markets.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps CFC to serve a wide range of
customers. The company offers a wide range of financial products and services to
its members. Its offering includes long term loans, line of credit, CFC US Bank
One Card and syndicate line of credit loans. It also offers investment advisory
services, credit guarantee services, letter of credit and project financing.
Such a wide range of product and service offerings drives CFC's top-line
performance.

IMPROVED TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


Improved top-line performance is a key strength for the company. In FY2015, the
company reported revenue of US$989.6 million, compared to revenue of US$975.2
million in FY2014, representing an increase of 1.5%. The revenue of the company
primarily increased due to increase in company's fee and other income. Its fees
and other income increased from US$17.7 million in FY2014 to US$36.7 million in
FY2015. Such strong top-line performance will help the bank to improve its
financial performance.


WEAKNESSES:


DECREASE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and cash
equivalents declined from US$338.7 million in FY2014 to US$248.8 million in
FY2015, representing a decline of 26.5%. Such decline in cash and cash
equivalents may affect the working capital requirements of the company, which in
turn may affect the company's business operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


BOOMING OIL AND GAS PRODUCTION IN THE US


The company will stand to benefit from booming oil and gas production in the US.
According to The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), the U.S.
production of crude oil is expected to reach 9.6 MMbbl/d in 2019. The growth
will be due to increase in onshore oil production, predominantly from tight
formations. Also, cumulative production levels for tight gas and onshore
associated-dissolved gas from oil formations is expected to reach 36% by 2040,
making material contributions to the overall increase in production. This
booming oil and gas production will lead to growth for several electric
cooperatives in North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. As
the company is into financing of rural electric members to acquire, construct
and operate electric distribution, generation, transmission and related
facilities. The company is well placed to tap this opportunity.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The growing economy in the US is likely to provide new growth opportunities for
the company. According to International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate
of the US stood at 2.4% in 2014. It is expected to reach 2.8% in 2016 and 4% in
2020. The growth in the US economy may result in higher demand for the company's
financial products and services. As a provider of financial products and
services in the US, the company is well placed to benefit from this.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including the company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and
consequently the fee income earned on such sales. Also, the increasing interest
rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or
interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets
and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many
factors beyond its control including general economic conditions, inflation,
recession, unemployment, the money supply and policies of various governmental
and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company, as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect the company's business. The company faces
competition from private and public banks, financial institutions and financial
co-operatives. It competes with its competitors based on various factors
including products and services, distribution network, price, quality and brand
image. Some of its major competitors include, AgFirst Farm Credit Bank, CoBank
ABC, Rabobank N.A, Farm Credit Bank of Taxes and National Co-operative Bank N.A.
Such intense competition may affect the company's market position.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's business is regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in the US. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, and the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, changes in government policies and regulations may have a
negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 1, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Deadline deals will have short and long-term effects

BYLINE: Rod Beaton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 1010 words


As the trading deadline ticked down to 4 p.m. ET Monday, major
league teams scrambled to make the deal that could put them over
the top this season or make them a contender in the future.

A look at how some of Monday's trades will affect the future of
teams both in the short and long term:

Braves-Orioles

The trade: Baltimore sends LF B.J. Surhoff and RHP Gabe
Molina to Atlanta for RHP Luis Rivera, C Fernando Lunar and OF
Trenidad Hubbard.

How it affects the Braves: The tough, durable Surhoff takes
over and ends the disastrous no-hitting run that import Reggie
Sanders has had in left. The Braves have no worry about taking
on additional salary. Surhoff gets $ 3.5 million next year and
has a $ 4.5 million option for 2002 or a $ 1 million buyout. His
left-handed bat will provide balance to the right-handed sluggers
(Andres Galarraga, Javy Lopez and Andruw Jones) in the lineup.
The Braves system is so fertile it can move Rivera wihout remorse.
Molina gives the Braves another arm for the bullpen.

How it affects the Orioles: At last, a top prospect! Once
Rivera is fully recovered from an ailing elbow, he has a great
arm. Lunar and Hubbard fill in for veterans unloaded in the club
makeover.

Cardinals-Orioles

The trade: Baltimore sends 1B Will Clark to St. Louis for
minor league 3B Jose Leon.

How it affects the Cardinals: Clark has a good record in
big games and the first-place Cardinals will have a few. He will
have to try to replace Mark McGwire, whose ailing knee is a serious
concern. Clark is hitting .301 with nine home runs and 28 RBI,
which is not exactly McGwire terrain.

How it affects the Orioles: Clark is another player purged
in the housecleaning. The club saves about $ 2 million on his $ 6
million due this year. Clark, 36, has been hampered by injuries
in his two years with the Orioles and has helped little. Leon
is a fairly good prospect whose path to the majors is blocked
by Fernando Tatis.

Cubs-Expos

The trade: The Chicago Cubs send LHP Scott Downs to the
Montreal Expos for LF Rondell White.

How it affects the Cubs: They convinced White to accept
a four-year contract by vowing to work to field a winner. They
get younger and faster in left as White, 28, replaces Henry Rodriguez,
32. White was hitting .307 when he hit the DL July 8 with a sprained
leg. He should be even more durable and productive than ever by
escaping the player-killing carpet in Montreal for Wrigley Field
grass, an empty Olympic Stadium for packed Wrigley, and a team
with no TV or radio for one on a superstation. He can sandwich
the RH bat of Sammy Sosa with another LH bat, Mark Grace. Rodriguez
was a player limited to power hitting.

How it affects the Expos: White became expendable when
the Expos promoted rookie Milton Bradley. It's an old Expos tradition,
develop a star (White), bring up someone comparable but less advanced
(Bradley) because he's cheaper. White had a $ 4 million option
for next year the Expos would have had to pick up to maintain
credibility.

Cubs-Marlins

The trade: The Chicago Cubs send LF Henry Rodriguez to
the Florida Marlins for Class AAA 1B Ross Gload and Class A LHP
David Noyce.

How it affects the Marlins: Rodriguez, 32, is a powerful
left-handed hitter who will fill in admirably for injured LF Cliff
Floyd, out up to six weeks for knee surgery. Rodriguez can use
the showcase to help his free agency after the season. He did
hit .300 with 26 home runs and 87 RBI last year. He is hitting
.251 with 18 homers in 76 games this year. Florida can afford
him. The Marlins are deep in prospects, including pitchers.

How it affects the Cubs: Rodriguez lost his job when Rondell
White was acquired. Gload could become the replacement for Mark
Grace in a few years, but the Cubs have stronger minor league
candidates for that, including Hee-Seop Choi. Noyce threw a one-hitter
in his last minor league start and has some potential.

Blue Jays-Devil Rays

The trade: Tampa Bay sends RHP Steve Trachsel and LHP Mark
Guthrie to Toronto for minor league 2B Brent Abernathy and a player
to be named.

How it affects the Blue Jays: They needed a solid starter
badly because youngsters Roy Halladay, Kelvim Escobar and Chris
Carpenter have been erratic. Trachsel joins recent import Esteban
Loaiza with ace David Wells and journeyman Frank Castillo to let
the youngsters fight for one starting slot. Guthrie fortifies
the bullpen.

How it affects the Devil Rays: Abernathy is a top-rate
prospect who could win the job from Miguel Cairo next year. Trachsel
is headed to free agency when his $ 1 million contract for 2000
runs out. Guthrie is another of many to recently exit the Rays
bullpen.

Mariners-Padres

The trade: Seattle trades OF-1B John Mabry and RHP Tom
Davey to San Diego for LF Al Martin.

How it affects the Mariners: They wanted a good left-handed
hitter and Martin (.306, 11 home runs and 27 RBI) is an upgrade
on Mabry (.243, one homer, seven RBI). They get a bit older. Mabry
is 29. Martin is 32.

How it affects the Padres: Martin has been available since
spring training when he faced accusations of bigamy. The Padres
like Mabry, but they really want to make room for Class AAA prospect
Mike Darr.

Dodgers-Rockies

The trade: Colorado sends OF Tom Goodwin to Los Angeles
for OF Todd Hollandsworth and two minor leaguers, LHP Randy Dorame
and OF Kevin Gibbs.

How it affects the Rockies: Hollandsworth, 27, brings some
power Goodwin does not. Hollandsworth was 1996 NL Rookie of the
Year. He hit .234 with eight homers and 24 RBI for the Dodgers
this year. Dorame, 21, is a viable prospect. Gibbs, 26, probably
is not.

How it affects the Dodgers: Goodwin started in the the
Los Angeles system. He adds speed and a leadoff hitter to succeed
Devon White, who has had shoulder and knee problems. Goodwin,
who was hitting only .208 away from Coors Field, is starting a
three-year, $ 10.75 million contract that the Rockies wanted to
dump.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Steve Nesius, AP; Going way up north: Looking for
experienced pitching, the Blue Jays acquired Steve Trachsel, above, and Mark
Guthrie.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                                PHH Corporation

                              3000 Leadenhall Road
                            Mount Laurel 08054-4606
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


PHH is a provider of end to end mortgage solutions in the US. Strong top-line
performance, broad service portfolio and enhanced financial leverage are its key
strengths, even as its decline in cash positions and geographic concentration
remain areas of concern. In future increase in compliance costs, fluctuation in
interest rate and intense competition may affect its business performance.
However, booming mortgage market in the US, growing US economy, expanding US
construction industry and strategic growth initiatives may provide growth
opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


The company had reported a strong top-line performance in FY2015. The revenue of
the company increased by 14.4%, from US$769 million in FY2014 to US$880 million
in FY2015. The revenue of the company increased primarily due to increase in
origination and other loans fees and gain on loans held for sales. The
origination and other loan fees increased by 23%, from US$231 million in FY2014
to US$284 million in FY2015. The gain on loans held for sales increased by
12.9%, from US$264 million in FY2014 to US$298 million in FY2015. Such strong
top-line performance will help the company to grow its overall financial
performance.

BROAD SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad service portfolio helps PHH to serve a wide range of customers. The
company, through its subsidiaries, offers mortgage banking services to
individual customers, financial institutions and real estate brokers. Its
service offerings includes mortgage financing, home financing, loan services,
mortgage outsourcing solutions and real estate mortgage solutions. Such a wide
range of service offerings drives PHH's top-line performance.

ENHANCED FINANCIAL LEVERAGE


Enhanced financial leverage or solvency position of the company strengthens its
ability to borrow and repay money, which in turn enhances its business
operations. The solvency position of the company improved due to limited debt
funding than equity. The company recorded debt to equity ratio of 1.0 in FY2015,
which improved from debt to equity ratio of 1.1 in FY2014. Furthermore, total
debt of the company declined by 22%, from US$1,741 million in FY2014 to US$1,385
million in FY2015. Such strong solvency position indicates utilization of lower
financial leverage and its comparatively higher equity position, underlining the
better creditworthiness of the company.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined by 28%, from US$1,259 million in FY2014 to US$906 million in FY2015.
The decline in cash and equivalent may affect the working capital requirements
of the company, which in turn may affect the company's business operations.

GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Geographic concentration may hinder the growth of the company. The company
operates only in the US. In FY2015, it generated its complete revenue from the
US. Such geographic concentration of the company may expose it to adverse
changes in economical and geo political conditions of that particular region and
also deprives the company from the opportunities existing in other geographies.
Such geographic concentration may also affect the top and bottom line
performance of the company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The company through its subsidiary offers mortgage services. The US is
the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected to register
substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association
(MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are expected to
reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand for
mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
financial solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
finance solutions provider in the US such as PHH.

EXPANDING US CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY


Expanding construction industry in the US may offer the company with a
significant growth opportunity. The value of US construction industry is
expected to reach US$1.6 trillion by 2018, recording a CAGR of 7.12% over the
forecast period (2013-2018). The growth will be driven by growing US economy and
increased government spending on public infrastructure. The expanding US
construction industry will increase the demand for the company's real estate
solutions.

STRATEGIC GROWTH INITIATIVES


The company has taken a strategic initiative to grow its business. For instance
in February 2015, the company established five new branches in Dallas, Orlando,
Boston, Los Angeles and Houston. This will help the company to diversify its
revenue base, expand market reach and complement existing business. It will also
help to provide mortgage assistance to new and existing homeowners. Such
strategic growth initiatives will help the company to expand its customer base
and financial position.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increases in interest rates can affect the size of the mortgage loan origination
market, pricing of the company's interest-earning assets and cost of its
interest-bearing liabilities. Change in interest rate will also affect the
company's loan volume and pricing margins. In addition, changes in interest
rates may require the company to post additional collateral under certain of its
financing arrangements and derivative agreements which could impact the
liquidity of the company.

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


The compliance costs for the company may continue to grow as the current
financial crisis led to additional regulations. The compliance burden on
companies probably increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future
crises. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group
and the Institute of International Finance has issued reports reflecting the
changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The Federal
Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to guard
consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and add extra
pressure on the company's, which are already in the process of improving their
own governance processes.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect PHH's business and profitability. The company
faces competition from banks, and other mortgage and lending institutions. It
competes with its competitors based on various factors including products and
services, interest rates, distribution network, price, quality and brand image.
Some of its major competitors include Nationstar Mortgage LLC, Ocwen Financial
Corporation, Quicken Loans Inc., Wells Fargo Home Mortgage Inc., and Chase Home
Finance. Such intense competition may affect the company's market position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

SWB RAILRIDERS: Yankees' Friday transactions could affect SWB roster

BYLINE: Shane Hennigan, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 467 words


Jan. 09--The New York Yankees made a trio of transactions Friday that could very
well affect what the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre roster looks like come Opening Day.

The Yankees announced that they acquired right-handed pitcher Kirby Yates from
the Cleveland Indians for cash considerations. Also, Baseball America reported
that the Yankees signed infielders Donovan Solano and Jonathan Diaz to
minor-league contracts.

This is the second time in just more than six weeks that the 28-year-old Yates
has been traded in exchange for cash considerations. On Nov. 25, the Indians
acquired him from Tampa Bay.

Yates has played his entire seven-year career in Tampa Bay's organization. In
parts of two major-league seasons with the Rays, Yates appeared in 57 games and
posted a record of 1-2 with one save, 63 strikeouts and a 5.27 ERA in 56 1/3
innings. Right-handed hitters have hit .237 (36 for 152) against him. Yates also
has given up 14 career big-league home runs, including 10 last season despite
appearing in just 20 games.

He's played the majority of his career in the minor leagues, posting a 14-14
record with 69 saves, 455 strikeouts and a 2.67 ERA in 209 games (343 2/3
innings).

The Yates acquisition means that New York's 40-man roster now stands at 38.
Still, he will probably start the year being another option for bullpen depth
for the RailRiders, considering the depth of the Yankees' bullpen, which grew
substantially with the acquisition of All-Star closer Aroldis Chapman from
Cincinnati last month.

Solano has played parts of the last four seasons with the Miami Marlins. With
1,046 career big-league at bats, Solano is a .257 hitter with a .307 on-base
percentage and .634 OPS.

The 28-year-old also has logged more than 1,000 minor-league innings at second
base and third base over his 11-year career.

As part of the Chapman trade, the Yankees sent third baseman Eric Jagielo, one
of their top prospects, to the Reds. That, along with Rob Refsnyder expected to
begin the year as the RailRiders' starting second baseman, could make Solano a
candidate to start the year at third base while also moving around the infield
from time to time. The RailRiders' only other current option for third base is
Rob Segedin.

The 31-year-old Diaz has played parts of the last three season with the Boston
Red Sox and Toronto Blue Jays. In 35 career major-league games, he has a .145
batting average with a .406 OPS.

Diaz's value comes with his glove and he has been primarily a shortstop over his
10-year minor-league career. However, he does have extensive work at second base
and more than 500 innings at third base.

Contact the writer:

shennigan@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160109-YT-SWB-RAILRIDERS-Yankees-Friday-transactions-could-affect
-SWB-roster-0109-20160109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

Will turbines affect your home's value?

BYLINE: David Giuliani, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


March 30--DIXON -- The debate continues about whether wind turbines affect
residents' property values.

Some contend wind farms cause neighboring property values to drop, while wind
industry supporters say turbines have no major effect.

Many Lee County residents have worried for years about the impact of turbines on
their home values. Now, some have the same fears in Whiteside County, with the
recent revelation that a company is planning to include Deer Grove in its
three-county wind farm.

Wind industry backers point to a peer-reviewed study to make their case. In
2009, a team of researchers from the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in
Berkeley, Calif., found no evidence that wind turbines had a measurable or
consistent effect on surrounding home prices.

The researchers noted that they didn't dismiss the possibility that wind farms
may affect small numbers of nearby homes, but that such results were either too
small or infrequent to have a "statistically observable impact."

That study included Lee County among 10 communities from around the country. In
Lee County, the researchers looked at the effects of three wind farms near
Compton, West Brooklyn and Sublette.

Steve Robery, a Franklin Grove resident pushing for more regulation of the wind
industry, questioned the study. He noted that 91 percent of the homes in the Lee
County portion of the analysis didn't have views of the turbines and 99 percent
were more than a mile away. Only two homes were closer than a mile.

"Unfortunately, this information was buried in the appendix of the Berkeley
report," said Robery, a member of the recently disbanded committee reviewing Lee
County's wind farm ordinance.

Robery prefers a 2009 report by Chicago-based McCann Appraisal LLC. That
document indicates a 25 percent reduction in the value of homes near the Mendota
Hills wind farm, which is close to Compton and West Brooklyn.

"If one wishes to learn the price of tea in China, then that is where one must
look. To apply the analogy, it follows that one is not likely to find the true
answer to the question of ground zero impacts [of turbines] if focusing on
greater distances," appraiser Michael McCann said in his report.

Ben Hoen, a New York-based researcher for Berkeley, said his group's study has
been recognized nationally. The American Real Estate Society has slated the
Berkeley study for publication in a coming edition.

"I see it as the highest quality work out there. Those with claims to the
contrary have not produced similar work," Hoen said. "They [real estate society]
don't have a horse in the race with wind turbines."

Although Berkeley's study didn't consist of many homes near turbines in Lee
County, other communities analyzed did, he said. The researchers only found two
sales of homes within a mile of turbines, he added.

"There wasn't a great density of homes," Hoen said.

The Lee County committee studying wind farm issues talked about property value
guarantees, but as with all other topics, its members didn't take a vote on the
issue.

Now, the Zoning Board of Appeals will make recommendations on updates to the
wind farm ordinance. The County Board has the final say.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110330-YG-Will-turbines-affect-your-home-s-value-0330-20110330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 1, 2003, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Thursday's trades

BYLINE: Peter Barzilai

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 1071 words

Giants-Orioles

San Francisco receives . . .

* RHP Sidney Ponson

Baltimore receives . . .

* LHP Damian Moss

 * RHP Kurt Ainsworth


* LHP Ryan Hannaman

(at Rookie League Scottsdale, Ariz. and Class A San Jose, Calif.)

 * How it affects the Giants: Ponson, 26, gives the Giants, fourth in the NL in
ERA, another hard-throwing ace to go along with Jason Schmidt. Ponson has been
getting better this season, going 4-1 with a 3.23 ERA in July. Sure, he'll
probably walk as a free agent after the season, but the Giants are hoping he
takes a World Series ring with him.


* How it affects the Orioles: Things are turning around in Baltimore, where
youngsters such as Luis Matos, Jay Gibbons, Brian Roberts and Jason Johnson have
blossomed. The Orioles pick up three pitching prospects, two of whom will be in
the rotation next season. Ainsworth, 24, was rated the Giants' No. 2 prospect
entering the season by Baseball America and may have been a big winner this
season if not for a freakish shoulder fracture that has him out until 2004.
Moss, 26, joins his third team in the past year, yet he has good stuff and just
needs innings. Hannaman, 21, was rated No. 8 by Baseball America. He has a
lively arm but needs plenty of polish.

Royals-Devil Rays

Kansas City receives . . .

* RHP Al Levine

Tampa Bay receives . . .

* Cash

 * How it affects the Royals: Levine, 35, becomes the third veteran reliever to
join the bullpen in the past month, as the Royals try to solidify their biggest
weakness. A wily right-hander who throws a little bit of everything, Levine has
held opponents scoreless in 27 of his 35 outings and should serve as a setup man
for Mike MacDougal.

 * How it affects the Devil Rays: Aside from making a deposit in the bank
account, the Devil Rays will use the vacancy to audition potential setup men.
"We're not going to win a division next year or go into the wild-card spot next
year, so we've got to look at kids," manager Lou Piniella said. "We said that
coming in, and that's what we're doing."

Red Sox-Pirates

Boston receives . . .

* RHP Jeff Suppan

 * RHP Brandon Lyon

 * RHP Anastacio Martinez

(at Class AA Portland, Maine, and Altoona, Pa.)

Pittsburgh receives . . .

* 2B Freddy Sanchez

(at Class AAA Pawtucket, R.I.)

GRHRRBISBAvg.20035846525 8.341

 * LHP Mike Gonzalez

(at Class A Lynchburg, Va., Class AA Altoona, Pa., and Class AAA Nashville and
Pawtucket, R.I.)


* How it affects the Red Sox: In a word -- steal. GM Theo Epstein was in his
office until 1:30 a.m. Wednesday trying to get a deal done, and the hard work
paid off. Suppan, 28, gives the Red Sox another solid pitcher, with at least six
innings in 18 of his 21 starts. He's also coming off a seven-hit shutout Monday
of the Cardinals. Plus, the Red Sox get back Lyon and Martinez, whom he dealt to
the Pirates on July 22 for Scott Sauerbeck. Lyon will stay on the disabled list
with an elbow injury.

 * How it affects the Pirates: The Pirates didn't want Lyon, who they considered
damaged goods. But in the end, all they got for Sauerbeck and Suppan was
Sanchez, a 22-year-old who was one of the Red Sox's top prospects (in a depleted
system). Sanchez was hitting .341 for Class AAA Pawtucket (R.I.) and was for
8-for-34 (.235) in a 20-game stint with the Red Sox this season. At least he'll
give the Pirates their best second baseman since Johnny Ray.

Yankees-Dodgers

Los Angeles receives . . .

* 3B Robin Ventura

New York receives . . .

* OF Bubba Crosby

(at Class AAA Las Vegas)


* RHP Scott Proctor

(at Class AA Jacksonville, and Class AAA Las Vegas)


* How it affects the Dodgers: They hope Ventura helps an offense that is last in
the league in every major category, but he may not be enough. The 36-year-old
has hit .213 with one home run and 19 RBI since June 1 and batted .227 with
eight homers and 31 RBI after the All-Star break last season. Above average
defensively, Ventura will replace Adrian Beltre (.224, 8 HR, 40 RBI) at third
base, but he may also play some at first base, where Fred McGriff has been on
the disabled list. "Robin is an established veteran leader who knows what it's
like to play in a pennant race and in the postseason," Dodgers GM Dan Evans
said.

 * How it affects the Yankees: Ventura became expendable after the Aaron Boone
deal, so GM Brian Cashman was happy to save the more than $ 1.5 million the
third baseman is owed this season. Crosby, 26, was highly touted as the 23rd
pick out of Rice in 1998 but has yet to break through. He was 1-for-12 in a
couple of brief stints with the Dodgers and will head to Class AAA Columbus
(Ohio). Proctor, 28, has also been moving around the minors. He was converted to
a reliever this season, going 5-4 with a 2.58 ERA with Class AA Jacksonville and
Class AAA Las Vegas.

Yankees-Reds

New York receives . . .

* 3B Aaron Boone

* LHP Gabe White

Cincinnati receives . . .

* LHP Brandon Claussen

(at Class A Tampa and Class AAA Columbus, Ohio)

 * LHP Charlie Manning

(at Class A Tampa and Class AA Trenton, N.J.)


* Player to be named

* How it affects the Yankees: Boone could be the guy the Yankees have been
looking for since Paul O'Neill retired. The 30-year-old has power and speed,
hits in the clutch and plays top-notch defense. He provides toughness and a
little bit of an attitude . . .  although we'll try to forget that blubbering at
his farewell news conference in Cincinnati. "He's an All-Star third baseman who
helps us a number of different ways," Yankees GM Brian Cashman said. White, 31,
is another lefty for the bullpen, joining Chris Hammond and Jesse Orosco. One of
those guys should be able to get outs vs. the likes of Eric Chavez, Trot Nixon,
Ichiro Suzuki and Barry Bonds.

 * How it affects the Reds: It means they will probably catch Milwaukee for last
place in the NL Central. For starters, youngster Brandon Larson and veteran
Russell Branyan will split time at third base. Claussen, 24, gives the Reds a
top pitching prospect. The left-hander has made a remarkable recovery from Tommy
John surgery in June 2002, and even won his lone big-league appearance, beating
the Mets on June 28. He throws in the low 90s. Manning, 24, was rated the
Yankees' 14th-highest prospect entering the season by Baseball America. He's
lucky to reach 90 mph but has four pitches he throws for strikes.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John Bazemore, AP; Headed west: The Giants add a quality
starter in Sidney Ponson.

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday

Postal changes won't affect Owensboro mail

BYLINE: Steve Vied, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


April 09--A decision to move some mail processing operations from the Bowling
Green Processing and Distribution Facility to facilities in Nashville and
Evansville will have little impact on Owensboro mail service, a U.S. Postal
Service official said Friday.

"The Bowling Green announcement will not affect mail service in Owensboro," said
David Walton, a spokesman for the postal service in Louisville. "Nor will it
affect staffing. There are no changes planned for Owensboro at this time.

"However, because of the current financial state of the Postal Service, we are
looking at everything."

The Postal Service announced the changes affecting the Bowling Green facility on
Wednesday. They came as the result of a study begun last fall, a Postal Service
news release said.

After the change, expected to be completed by July 1, mail originating in
Bowling Green will be sent to Nashville to be sorted and distributed, and mail
that had been coming to Bowling Green from Owensboro for sorting and
distribution will start going to Evansville.

Mail from an Owensboro address to an Owensboro address will continue to be
delivered the next day, Walton said. However, mail from Louisville or Bowling
Green to Owensboro will change from next-day delivery to two-day delivery, he
said.

Kentuckiana District Manager James W. Kiser said, "Given the drastic 20 percent
decline in mail volume the Postal Service has experienced since 2007, we must
take action to reduce the size of our mail processing network. Consolidating
operations and placing our people where we need them is necessary if the Postal
Service is to remain viable to provide mail service to the nation."

About two dozen jobs could be lost at the Bowling Green facility, the Postal
Service has predicted, with some of them reassigned to Nashville and Evansville.

"I understand our employees' concern over this move," Kiser added, "but the
consolidation makes sense given the fiscal realities.

The Nashville and Evansville facilities have the capacity to handle the
additional workload, and we can realize significant savings by shifting
operations there."

Walton said the Postal Service predicts that the changes will save $3.1 million
a year.

Steve Vied, 691-7297, svied@messenger-inquirer.com

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110409-OW-Postal-changes-won-t-affect-Owensboro-mail-0409-20110409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2011 Messenger-Inquirer


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            November 1 1987, Sunday

Innovation: Noise bends the mind like a drug

BYLINE: ANDREW SCOTT

SECTION: Issue 8517.

LENGTH: 378 words


NOISE, it seems, really does 'get on our nerves', or at least on rats' nerves,
and so presumably also on ours.

Henry Lai of Washington University in Seattle has made the first scientific
study on how noise affects the chemistry of the brain. He found that in rats it
changes the chemicals which affect emotions and mood.


The findings might set off further research that could alter our attitude to
noise at home and at work.

We all know noise can affect us in different ways. It can be arousing,
inspiring, frightening or irritating. It can even be an instrument of torture.

Lai's experiment takes the first step towards a full understanding of how noise
can create such feelings.

He exposed rats to a 45-minute burst of 'white noise' (a meaningless mix of
noise) at a level of either 70 or 100 decibels - 70 decibels is the level of
noise in many city streets, 100 decibels can be experienced around busy airports
or beside motorways or loud machinery.

A third, 'control', group of rats was allowed 45 minutes of peace and quiet.

Afterwards, the brains of the rats were removed and analysed. Lai found that the
two levels of white noise had changed the chemistry of the rats' brains in
different ways and in different regions of the brain. But all of the changes
affected the levels of chemicals involved in the transmission of impusles
between nerve cells.

Disturbances in the levels of such chemicals have long been known to affect our
emotions and mood. Many drugs, including sedatives and stimulants, are designed
to correct such disturbances.

So the noise we experience every day may affect the chemistry of our brains in
ways that change our emotions and mood.

Lai's experiment poses more questions than it answers. How does noise produce
its effects on the brain? Why do different levels of noise affect us in
different ways? Which noises should we avoid and which might make us feel
better? Can the effects of music, rather than just noise, be related to specific
chemical changes in the brain?

Whatever the answers, we should be aware that noise can affect us like a drug.
We may have to control our exposure to noise in the same way as we control our
exposure to alcohol, coffee and other more powerful drugs.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Hurricane Hermine won't affect the Valley

BYLINE: Justin Strawser, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 228 words


Sept. 02--SUNBURY -- Put away the sunscreen and hang up that swimwear because
vacationers won't be able to enjoy that last summer trip to the beach this
holiday weekend.

While Hurricane Hermine won't affect the weather in the Greater Susquehanna
Valley, it will get "pretty ugly" for New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland and
Virginia, according to AccuWeather meteorologists Dave Samuel.

"Basically, it won't play a big role in the weather of Central Pennsylvania,"
Samuel said. "It will make landfall tonight in Florida, and move inland over
Georgia, Florida and the Carolinas, and will move over the southeast portion of
the Delmarva Peninsula."

In other words, stay home, he said.

Story continues below video

"It will be pretty far away," Samuel said. "There will be steady rain in
southeast Pennsylvania toward Philadelphia, but the impact will not be that
great."

New Jersey, on the other hand, will see "bigger problems" with coastal flooding
and beach erosion, he said.

Weather in the Valley will be "fall like" with high temperatures in the 80s and
low temperatures in the 50s Friday. Saturday and Sunday will both be in the high
70s, Samuel said.

Email Justin Strawser at jstrawser@dailyitem.com Follow him on Twitter
@JustinLStrawser.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160902-DN-Hurricane-Hermine-won-t-affect-the-Valley-0902-20160902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Item


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Power switch by Cliffs could affect Midwest Energy

BYLINE: Steve Kuchera, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


Aug. 07--A decision by Cliffs Natural Resources to stop buying electricity from
a Michigan power plant could affect the Superior Midwest Energy Terminal.

The terminal ships more than 1 million tons of coal a year to the Presque Isle
Power Plant in Marquette.

"If that plant is shut down it would definitely affect us," Midwest Energy
Resources Co. President Fred Shusterich said.

Midwest Energy shipped about 14.4 million tons during the 2012 shipping season,
according to Duluth Seaway Port Authority numbers.

About 80 percent of the power generated at Presque Isle goes to Cliffs' Tilden
and Empire mines. Starting Sept. 1, Cliffs will get electricity from
Chicago-based Integrys Energy Services. The change will save Cliffs tens of
millions of dollars annually.

"It was really one of economics," Cliffs Natural Resources Director of Public
Affairs Dale Hemmila said of the decision to switch. "In the last five years
with We Energies our rates have gone up 110 percent."

Cliffs' bill with We Energies totaled $120 million last year, Hemmila said.
Going with Integrys will save Cliffs between 17 and 26 percent on electrical
costs. The savings will support the viability of Cliffs' U.P. operations.

Cliffs -- which also owns all or part of United Taconite, Northshore and Hibbing
Taconite operations in Minnesota -- has about 1,600 employees in Michigan,
including about 340 who were recalled to the Empire Mine last week. While that
mine is slated for closure next year, the future is brighter for Tilden.

"We have an ore reserve at Tilden in the neighborhood of 25 to 30 years,"
Hemmila said.

Cliffs believes that its decision to switch power providers "should have no
impact on the (Presque Isle) plant whatsoever," Hemmila said. They believe We
Energies will keep the plant operating, feeding its electricity into the
multi-state, bi-national Midwest region power grid.

"That's not necessarily the case," We Energies spokesman Barry McNulty said.
Losing 70 to 80 percent of the plant's demand is significant.

"We have to look at all our options," he said. "That's where we are right now.
They just notified at the end of the month of their intent. It goes to reason
that we will have to look at the alternatives for us."

No matter what happens with the plant, We Energies will continue to provide the
distribution and customer service functions to its more than 20,000 customers in
the U.P., McNulty said.

This is not the first time the future of the Presque Isle plant, which employs
160 to 170 workers, was in question. In recent years We Energies was debating
whether to close the plant in 2017 or refit it to be fueled by natural gas to
meet federal pollution regulations. Late last year We Energies and Wolverine
Power Cooperative announced that Wolverine would acquire a minority interest in
the facility by funding and building $140 million in required air quality
control additions.

The past uncertainties over Presque Isle and the decision by Ontario Power
Generation to move away from coal helped spur efforts by Midwest Energy to
develop new markets. In 2011 it exported 350,000 metric tons of coal to Europe.
That year it signed a three-year deal to export about 1.5 million metric tons
annually to Rotterdam.

"We are looking to grow that business, but the economy nationally and the world
is kind of flat," Shusterich said.

Midwest Energy's Superior terminal has an annual capacity of 25 million tons. It
shipped more than 18 million tons a year for several seasons running ending with
the 2010 season. It shipped 14.3 million tons in 2011 and 14.4 million tons in
2012.

"Our business this year is probably a half million tons up over last year,"
Shusterich said.

___ (c)2013 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130807-DU-Power-switch-by-Cliffs-could-affect
-Midwest-Energy-0807-20130807

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2013 Duluth News-Tribune


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Port Arthur News (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 28, 2012 Friday

Port Arthur Port avoids affect of longshoremen's strike

BYLINE: Brooke Crum, The Port Arthur News, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Dec. 28--PORT ARTHUR -- The Port of Port Arthur continued its everyday
operations Friday, despite a strike that loomed on the horizon for the union of
longshoremen along the East Coast and Gulf of Mexico.

The Port of Port Arthur was not affected by this negotiation because the port is
not a full container port, said Floyd Gaspard, executive port director.

Though the port employs members of the International Longshoremen's Association,
it does not handle container cargo, Gaspard said. And the ILA had orders to
continue unloading any noncontainerized or military cargo. The port is also a
strategic military port.

Gaspard said he had expressed concern to the ILA early on about how these
negotiations would affect smaller ports like Port Arthur's.

The Port of Beaumont was not affected by the negotiations either, Gaspard said.

The union for longshoremen along the East Coast and Gulf of Mexico has agreed to
extend its contract for 30 days, averting a possible strike that could have
crippled operations at ports that handle about 40 percent of all U.S. container
cargo, a federal mediator announced Friday.

The extension came after the union and an alliance of port operators and
shipping lines resolved one of the stickier points in their months-long contract
negotiations, involving royalty payments to the longshoremen for each container
they unload.

Negotiations will continue until at least midnight Jan. 28. Some important
contract issues remain to be resolved, but the head of the Federal Mediation and
Conciliation Service, George Cohen, said the agreement on royalties was "a major
positive step forward."

"While some significant issues remain in contention, I am cautiously optimistic
that they can be resolved in the upcoming 30-day extension period," he said.

The terms of the royalty agreement were not announced.

The master contract between the International Longshoremen's Association and the
U.S. Maritime Alliance originally expired in September. The two sides agreed to
extend it once before, for 90 days, but it had been set to expire again at 12:01
a.m. Sunday.

As recently as Dec. 19, the president of the longshoremen, Harold Daggett, had
said a strike was expected.

A work stoppage would have idled shipments of a vast number of consumer
products, from electronics to clothing, and kept U.S. manufacturers from getting
parts and raw materials delivered easily.

Business groups expressed relief that the two sides had agreed to keep the ports
open.

"A coast-wide port shutdown is not an option. It would have severe economic
ramifications for the local, national and even global economies and wreak havoc
on the supply chain," said National Retail Federation President Matthew Shay.

Major ports that would have been frozen included the massive terminals serving
New York City overseen by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, and
critical seaports in Savannah, Ga., Houston, and Hampton Roads, Va.

New York Shipping Association President Joseph Curto said avoiding a strike is
critical "to thousands of workers who depend on port activities for their
livelihood."

Other ports that would have been affected by a strike are in Boston; the
Philadelphia area; Baltimore; Wilmington, N.C.; Charleston, S.C.; Jacksonville,
Fla.; Port Everglades, Fla.; Miami; Tampa, Fla.; Mobile, Ala.; and New Orleans.

Longshoremen on the West Coast have a separate collective bargaining agreement.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

___ (c)2012 The Port Arthur News (Port Arthur, Texas) Visit The Port Arthur News
(Port Arthur, Texas) at panews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121228-ZH-Port-Arthur-Port-avoids-affect
-of-longshoremen-s-strike-20121228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZH


                      Copyright 2012 The Port Arthur News


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 21, 2010 Tuesday

How will the state's four new congressional seats affect the Crossroads?

BYLINE: Gabe Semenza, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


Dec. 21--Lacking a crystal ball, it's difficult to predict how the state's four
additional congressional seats will affect the Crossroads.

Those seats, announced Tuesday by the U.S. Census Bureau, give Texas more
representation in the U.S. House of Representatives.

With more clout in Washington, D.C., the region might stand to receive more
federal funding.

Either way, four new seats requires four new congressional districts. This
addition could sway the state's redistricting process, and you might end up with
different political representation.

As it does every 10 years, the U.S. Census Bureau released state population
counts -- data used to, in part, apportion the 435 U.S. House of Representatives
seats.

With four, Texas gained more seats than any other state -- and showcased its
notable population growth.

"There's no doubt about it: Texas has a lot of clout because of our population
numbers," said District 14 Congressman Ron Paul, whose district encompasses
Victoria County.

The Lake Jackson Republican attributes the state's population and congressional
seat growth to a pro-business climate, one that helped to attract Caterpillar to
Victoria, he said.

Paul said he hopes the state uses its increased clout to reduce federal taxes.

Mike Sizemore, a media consultant and former longtime state senatorial press
secretary, said four new seats could help to attract federal dollars here.

"The best-case scenario would have us access more money for federal projects in
this region," Sizemore said. "That could affect the Port of Victoria, and
projects to dredge it. It could affect law enforcement funding and money to city
and county governments."

As Texas showed, population growth attracts increased representation. But what
about in the Crossroads?

The region's population growth remained unimpressive during the past decade. How
will this affect redistricting?

"We have not grown like the rest of the state. Texas districts that had the most
population growth are the most likely candidates for the new congressional
seats," said Joe Wyatt, a former Victoria state legislator. "Until the
county-by-county population numbers are in, it's almost impossible to know
what's going to happen."

Beginning in February and wrapping up in March, the U.S. Census Bureau will
release demographic data on a rolling basis so state governments can start
redistricting.

Each member of the U.S. House of Representatives represents, on average, about
710,000 people.

Wyatt said Texas regions that grew beyond that threshold -- in districts that
span Houston, Dallas-Fort Worth and the Valley, for example -- are likely
candidates for new districts.

"So, I'm not sure it affects us all that much here," he said. "The districts
will certainly be similar in this area, I would say."

Paul and Sizemore agreed.

Even so, everyone agrees redistricting's effects mimic the results of a stone
dropped in a lake. Once one line is redrawn, the ripples spread across the
state.

James Gleason, a retired Victoria College government and politics professor,
said Texas Republicans will steer those ripples.

"Redistricting always favors the party in power, and Republicans are in the
driver's seat," Gleason said. "It'll be interesting to see how they draw it up."

Sponsored Links

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101221-VI-How-will-the-state-s-four-new-congressional-seats-affect
-the-Crossroads-1221-20101221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Creosote Affects LLC

                                 514 E Main St
                             Emmitsburg,  MD 21727
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 301-447-2338
URL: http://www.creosoteaffects.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/creosoteaffects
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Emmitsburg-MD/Creosote-Affects/56677302853
http://www.linkedin.com/company/creosote-affects
https://twitter.com/creosoteaffects

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 1222803

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Creosote Affects LLC is a company focussed on Platforms, Packaging, Strategic
Planning, Woodworking, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Creosote Affects LLC does business in the Automotive,
Communications, and Computers Industries, as well as 14 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Creosote Affects LLC has at least 3 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Creosote
Affects For Educational Results - Creosote Affects"

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54143000
SIC CODES:
73360000
CAGE CODES:
6PNN7
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Platforms


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Packaging
     ·    Strategic Planning
     ·    Woodworking


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Bronze
     ·    Gold
     ·    Silver


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Small Disadvantaged Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Adirondack Chairs, Antibiotics, Basketballs, Bicycles,
Billboards, Brochures, Bronze, Business Cards, Caffeine, Capes, Chairs,
Channels, Coated Paper, Coats, Creosote, Direct Mail, Electronic Materials,
Elements, Feeds, Feet, Footballs, Fountains, Games, Gold, Governors, Hoods,
Hubs, Invitations, Jerseys, Keystones, Lifts, Motorcycles, Overalls, Packaging,
Photography, Platforms, Posters, Preservatives, Printers, Profiles, Puzzles,
Radios, Salt, Scopes, Silver, Solutions, Springs, Strategic Planning, Tablets,
Targets, Thread, Tires, Woodworking

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Port Arthur News (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

USW Oil Workers rally in Houston

BYLINE: Chelsea Henderson, The Port Arthur News, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Feb. 06--Houston area oil workers rallied at Shell Headquarters Friday "to show
management that union members are united in their drive for a fair contract that
improves safety throughout the industry," according to a press release from the
United Steelworkers Union.

Bobby Hollis, president of the USW Local 13-423 in Port Arthur, said members of
the local union hall would travel Saturday to join in the USW Local 227,
currently on strike at LyondellBasell, plant gate rally and cookout for the
USW's National Day of Action.

"People are going to show up over there to show solidarity, so they will know we
are (supportive)," Hollis said Friday.

The National Day of Action will be symbolic of the union's presence in national
refineries and chemical plants. USW members will host "solidarity actions" in 65
oil refineries and in nearly 200 other facilities across the country, including
oil terminals, pipelines and petrochemical plants.

Strikes continue at nine U.S. refineries and chemical plants in Texas,
California, Kentucky and Washington. About 3,800 union workers in the nine
facilities -- five of which are in Texas -- have been on strike since Feb. 1,
when their previous contract expired and industry negotiators, represented by
the Shell Oil Co., walked away from the bargaining table after the USW rejected
Shell's fifth offer.

USW spokeswoman Lynne Hancock said Shell returned to negotiations Tuesday and
presented the union with a sixth offer Wednesday night.

"The USW instructed the local unions in the National Oil Bargaining Program to
reject Shell's sixth offer," Hancock said in an email Thursday evening.
"Negotiations are in recess pending data that the union has requested. Talks
will begin again when the union obtains this information."

Hancock said in an email nine Beaumont-Port Arthur facilities are operating
under a rolling 24-hour contract extension, impacting the following refineries
and chemical plants:

--Chevron Corporation in Port Arthur, whose contract expired Feb. 1 and affects
more than 80 workers

--Chevron Phillips Chemical in Port Arthur, whose contract expired Feb. 1 and
affects more than 170 workers

--Chevron Corp. Distribution Center and Clerical in Port Arthur, whose contract
expired Feb. 1 and affects more than five workers

--ExxonMobil Refinery in Beaumont, whose contract expired Jan. 31 and affects
more than 750 workers

--Exxon Mobil Corp. Pipeline Co. in Texas, whose contract expired Jan. 31 and
affects more than 25 workers

--Huntsman Corp. in Port Neches, whose contract expired Jan. 31 and affects over
250 workers

--Motiva Enterprises in Port Neches, whose contract expired Jan. 31 and affects
more than 15 workers

--TPC Group Inc. in Port Neches, whose contract expired Jan. 31 and affects more
than 80 workers

--Valero Energy Corp. in Port Arthur, whose contract expired Jan. 31 and affects
more than 550 workers

Hancock said there are an estimated 4,245 USW union workers in 18 Beaumont-Port
Arthur facilities whose contracts expire between Jan. 31, 2015 and April 15,
2016.

___ (c)2015 The Port Arthur News (Port Arthur, Texas) Visit The Port Arthur News
(Port Arthur, Texas) at panews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150206-ZH-USW-Oil-Workers-rally-in-Houston-0206-20150206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZH


                      Copyright 2015 The Port Arthur News


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Trade war could affect Decatur more than most cities, statistics show

BYLINE: The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 253 words


Jan. 30--Decatur could have more to lose than most other cities if a trade war
results from President Donald Trump's policies, according to statistics released
today.

The Brookings Institution's Metropolitan Policy Program ranked U.S. metro areas
by their exports as a percentage of their local gross domestic product -- the
broadest measure of economic output.

Decatur ranks seventh nationally. Columbus, Indiana, home of engine maker
Cummins Inc., ranks No. 1.

The numbers don't show which communities are most exposed to trade with Mexico
or China, two nations targeted by Trump in threats to dramatically affect trade
policies. But the statistics do suggest which local economies depend most on
foreign markets. Here are the top 10:

Metro Area Exports as percentage of GDP

1. Columbus, Indiana 50.6 percent

2. Beaumont-Port Arthur, Texas 40.0 percent

3. Lake Charles, Louisiana 36.9 percent

4. Elkhart-Goshen, Indiana 34.5 percent

5. Kokomo, Indiana 34.1 percent

6. Lafayette-West Lafayette, Indiana 30.9 percent

7. Decatur, Alabama 29.1 percent

8. Fond du Lac, Wisconsin 25.1 percent

9. Baton Rouge, Louisiana 24.3 percent

10. Spartanburg, South Carolina 24.1 percent

Source: Brookings analysis of data from the Commerce Department; Labor
Department; Moody's Analytics; Internal Revenue Service; Energy Information
Agency; NAFSA: Association of International Educators; Sabre

___ (c)2017 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170130-DD-Trade-war-could-affect
-Decatur-more-than-most-cities-statistics-show-0130-20170130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2017 The Decatur Daily


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 30, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

EXPERTS CITE WAYS THAT TV AFFECTS CHILDREN

SECTION: Section C; Page 6, Column 3; Home Desk

LENGTH: 424 words


Parents should be concerned about what their children watch on television and
how much time they spend watching it, say psychologists and communications
specialists.

Various effects have been documented in studies conducted by noted researchers
such as Dr. George Gerbner and his colleagues at the Annenberg School of
Communications at the University of Pennsylvania, Drs. Jerome and Dorothy Singer
of the Yale University Family Research and Consultation Center, Drs. Bradley
Greenberg and Charles Atkin at Michigan State University, Drs. Leonard Eron and
Rowell Huesmann at the University of Illinois-Chicago Circle, and Dr.  Aletha
Huston-Stein of the Center for Research on the Influence of Television on
Children at the University of Kansas in Lawrence.

Although there is some disagreement about just how much and in what way
televison viewing affects children, the following effects have been established
by one or more of the above researchers:

* Viewing violent programs fosters aggressive behavior in some children.

* Production techniques - such as loud music, fast pacing, rapid changes of
scene and special visual and sound effects used in cartoons - may also
contribute to aggressive behavior, particularly in small children.

* Television viewers often have a distorted view of how much violence there is
in the world and thus are more likely to be anxious and insecure.

* The stereotypical way blacks and other minority groups, women and the elderly
are often portrayed on television contributes to children's prejudices,
especially when they do not have models in their own lives to counteract those
on television.

* Children who watch commercials do pressure their parents to buy the products
advertised; they are primarily toys, sugar-coated cereals, fast-food meals,
snack foods and candy.

* Heavy viewing of television adversely affects the development of language and
imagination in young children. It also adversely affects children's reading
ability.However, educational television, combined with teacher or parental
follow-up, can stimulate some children's imagination and interest in reading and
teach some reading skills.

* Parents are an important factor in how television viewing affects their
children. By watching with children and discussing programs, parents can mediate
the effects of violence, stereotypical portrayals and advertising.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 19, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

DELEGATES HOPE UNITY BRINGS VICTORY

BYLINE: By STEVEN V. ROBERTS

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, July 18


Peggy Hanna is a secretary in Springfield, Ohio, a delegate for Senator Gary
Hart who was backing her man to the end. But she finally became ready to go home
from the Democratic National Convention and support a ticket headed by Walter F.
Mondale.

''We have no choice,'' Mrs. Hanna said today. ''We have to get behind Mondale if
we want to beat Reagan. That's the bottom line. Reagan is unifying the
Democratic Party.''

As the long and turbulent battle for the Democratic nomination was coming to an
end, many delegates here expressed a strong feeling of party unity. And as Mrs.
Hanna indicated, Mr. Reagan is probably doing more to reconcile his rivals than
any Democratic strategist.

''I'm concerned all of this good feeling will not last,'' said Alice Wolf, a
Mondale delegate from Massachusetts. ''We still have a long way to go until
November. But we can't afford to be anything but positive. Reagan would affect
the Supreme Court for the next 25 or 30 years. He would affect poor people,
affect people of color, affect women. We can't have it.''

Feelings of Common Purpose

One point of a convention is to foster feelings of common purpose, and those
impulses have been strengthened in recent days by Mr. Mondale's selection of
Representative Geraldine A. Ferraro as his running mate and by the speeches of
Governor Cuomo of New York and the Rev. Jesse Jackson.

''The Mondale people are stressing Ferraro, Ferraro, Ferraro, and that's helped
make peace,'' said Michael Muftic, a physician who is a leading Hart backer from
Colorado.

But the chill fog of doubt and disunity has not been completely dispelled by
this warm glow of party euphoria. Any supporter of a losing candidate who says
he bears no lingering resentment, Dr. Muftic said, ''is not being honest with
himself.''

Jackson's 'Hurt and Pain'


To some Jackson delegates, the arduous odyssey of their candidate has not
produced enough concrete results at this convention. Phyllis Carr, a Jackson
supporter from Indianapolis, said tears formed in her eyes while Mr. Jackson
spoke Tuesday night because she could ''feel the hurt and pain in Jesse's
voice.''

''I am going to vote for Jesse as long as I can,'' she said. ''How are you going
to go back and work to get out the vote when you didn't get anything?''

Moreover, many Jewish delegates continue to express skepticism about Mr.
Jackson, even after he made a special appeal to Jews in his speech Tuesday
night.

Michael Lubell, a physician from Westport, Conn., walked out of the hall last
night when Mr. Jackson got up to speak, and he heard the talk on his car radio.
''I accept the apologies he made,'' said Mr. Lubell, a Hart delegate, ''but for
me this comes a bit late. I'm waiting to see whether he continues to espouse new
positions.''

As the convention ends and the campaign against Mr. Reagan begins, more and more
delegates are focusing on the future. And without a doubt, Mr. Mondale's best
move so far has been the selection of Mrs. Ferraro.

Annette Palutis of Scranton, Pa., a teacher who backs Mr. Mondale, recalls the
surge of pride she felt when the first woman was named to run on a national
ticket. ''My first feeling was, it could have been me,'' she said. ''She's
opened up whole new worlds for women.''

The delegates were also united in their praise of Governor Cuomo, who gave the
keynote address Monday night.

To many Democrats, the New York Governor stirred deep emotions and fond memories
of their own past. Toni Carabillo, a businesswoman in Los Angeles, admits she
does not dwell on her ethnic roots and her father's journey to America from
Italy as a 14-year-old. But Mr. Cuomo, she said, ''touched a chord inside of me
that I didn't know existed.''

In a similar vein, Mr. Jackson's speech called forth a sense of possibility, a
sense of hope that moved many to tears. ''Jesse Jackson stirred the whole
Democratic Party,'' said Michael R. Yamaki, a Mondale delegate from Los Angeles.
''I hope he made them feel a little bit guilty.''

But many of the delegates admit they are living in a closed world here. ''We're
just wondering how people are feeling back home,'' said Miss Palutis, the
Scranton teacher. ''Are they feeling the same way, too? If they are, we'll win
in November.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Annette Palutis, Michael Muftic and Toni Carabillo

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

            February 12, 2003 Wednesday Five Star Late Lift Edition
                              Correction Appended

FED'S PLAN COULD AFFECT 160 WORKERS IN ST. LOUIS;
 CHECK-PROCESSING CENTERS WOULD CLOSE IN 5 CITIES

BYLINE: Patrick L. Thimangu Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS ; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 485 words


The Federal Reserve's plan to close five regional check-processing centers will
affect about 160 employees at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.

Joe Elstner, a spokesman for the St. Louis Fed, said only a handful of employees
in St. Louis will lose their jobs due to the shutdowns, which were announced
last week.

About 140 positions will be eliminated from the bank's branches in Little Rock,
Ark., and Louisville, Ky., he said.

More cuts may be made at other check operations in the St. Louis Fed's district,
which consists of eastern Missouri, Arkansas, and parts of Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky, Mississippi and Tennessee, Elstner said.

The closures will affect almost 1,300 workers in the Fed's 12 districts, but
eliminate only about 400 positions. That's because the institution will add
about 900 positions at nine check-processing centers that are expected to
expand, Elstner said.

The St. Louis Fed's check operations in Little Rock and Louisville will be
transferred to Fed facilities in St. Louis, Cincinnati, Cleveland and Memphis,
Tenn.

The Fed said its main reason for closing check-processing centers in
Indianapolis; Milwaukee; Charleston, W.Va.; Columbia, S.C.; and Peoria, Ill.,
was to trim costs.

Cathy Minehan, president and chief executive of the Fed's regional bank in
Boston, said the central bank was cutting back because more consumers and
companies are making payments through debit and credit cards, Internet money
transfers and other electronic means, thus reducing use of paper checks.

The Fed, which is the nation's largest processor of checks, handles about 17
billion checks a year, but that volume is expected to decline, Minehan said.

A recent study by the Fed showed that about 40 billion checks were written in
the United States in 2002, down from 50 billion in 1995.

While payment by check remains the most popular method of retail payment, checks
make up only 60 percent of all non-cash payments, compared to 85 percent in
1979, the study showed.

"Nationwide, consumers and businesses have made a significant shift in how they
make payments, substituting electronic payments for checks," Minehan said.

"But declining check volumes are requiring the reserve banks to make changes in
their check operations to address the challenges posed by the changing market."

Minehan, who also heads the Fed's Financial Services Policy Committee, said the
Fed must trim costs to conform with laws requiring it to meet its costs of
providing services to financial institutions.

By closing five of its 45 check-processing centers, the Fed expects to reduce
operating costs by about $60 million in 2005 and about $300 million by 2010, she
said.

The nine Fed regional facilities that will expand check-processing operations
are in Cleveland; Cincinnati; Chicago; Des Moines, Iowa; Baltimore; Charlotte,
N.C.; Jacksonville, Fla.; Memphis, Tenn.; and Dallas.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Patrick L. Thimangu:; E-mail: pthimangu@post-dispatch.com;
Phone: 314-340-8320

CORRECTION-DATE: February 14, 2003

CORRECTION: The Federal Reserve's plan to close five regional check-processing
centers will affect only a handful of employees in St. Louis. Most of the 160
job cuts will take place at Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis branches in Little
Rock, Ark., and Louisville, Ky. The headline in this story misrepresented the
totals.


                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday

Pro-choice, pro-life leaders disagree on how court decision will affect Montana
law

BYLINE: Charles S. Johnson, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 712 words


June 28--HELENA -- Leaders of an abortion rights group here said they don't
believe a Montana law will be affected by a U.S. Supreme Court decision that
struck down a Massachusetts law banning protests within a 35-foot buffer zone
outside abortion clinics.

Maggie Moran, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Montana, and Martha Stahl,
CEO of Planned Parenthood of Montana, said in separate interviews they believe
Montana's eight-foot "floating buffer zones" between protesters and those
seeking to enter or leave abortion clinics will remain legal. Each expressed
disappointed over the Supreme Court decision.

"The decision does not appear to affect any floating buffer zone," Moran said.
"I feel clear our law is going to be fine."

But the leader of a Montana anti-abortion group said the U.S. Supreme Court
ruling makes Montana's law ripe for a court challenge.

"It seems to me that our law is vague enough that the Supreme Court decision
would affect it or at least give us the opportunity to take it to court to get
it overturned," said Gregg Trude, executive director of the Right to Life of
Montana Association.

In a 9-0 decision Thursday, the U.S. Supreme Court held that the Massachusetts
35-foot buffer-zone law was an unconstitutional violation of protesters' First
Amendment rights.

Montana's law, passed in 2005, creates the crime of obstructing access to a
health care facility. Rep. Robyn Driscoll, D-Billings, now a state senator,
sponsored the bill. She could not be reached for comment.

The state law forbids someone from knowingly approaching within eight feet of a
person entering or leaving a health care facility "to give the person written or
oral information, to display a sign, or to protest, counsel or educate about a
health care issue, when the person does not consent to that activity and is
within 36 feet of an entrance or exist from the health care facility."

A person convicted of this crime can be fined up to $100.

Moran said she's disappointed by the ruling because buffer zones "strike a
reasonable balance between the right to free speech and the right to access
health care facilities without intimidation and violence." Buffer zones are not
uncommon, she said, citing those that prevent politicking within so many feet of
polling places.

"Many anti-choice activists protest peacefully, but we cannot ignore the fact
that there are some who are violent and harass women and men entering
facilities," Moran said in a statement. "We have a poignant example of this
extreme violence in Kalispell just this past March when a vandal maliciously
destroyed Susan Cahill's clinic. This ruling will simply put women and the
professionals who care for them at a greater risk."

Stahl said, "We're very disappointed in this. I really think those buffers zones
are really are important to protect public safety"

In Montana, Stahl said protesters can't trespass on the property if the clinic
is on private property. They can stand on the edge of the property, but have to
maintain the eight-foot zone, she said.

When a clinic is on public property, the eight-foot bubble around the patient or
staff has to be maintained, she said.

"Our biggest concern is always for the security and safety of our patients and
then the staff," Stahl said. "I think it's important that we protect patients
and public safety in general and protect people's ability to make private
medical decisions without threats, harassment and judgments."

Protests are common at the Planned Parenthood clinic in Billings and sometimes
occur at the Helena clinic, she said.

Stahl said Massachusetts and New Hampshire are the only states with laws calling
for fixed buffer zones, along with a number of municipalities. Montana, Colorado
and some other states and municipalities have laws for floating buffer zones,
she said.

Meanwhile, Trude said the Right to Life Association of Montana opposed the bill
at the Legislature, arguing it would violate people's freedom of speech. That
was the same argument cited by the Supreme Court in overturning the
Massachusetts law, he said.

"It surely opens the door for us to take it to federal court," he said.

___ (c)2014 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140628-BU-Pro-choice-pro-life-leaders-disagree-on-how-court-decision-will-
affect-Montana-law-0628-20140628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2014 The Montana Standard


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 1, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Yankees, Padres trading to stockpile power for run

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 1104 words


USA TODAY baseball writer Mel Antonen looks at how Wednesday's
trades affect the teams involved:

YANKEES-TIGERS

The trade: Detroit Tigers trade 1B-DH Cecil Fielder to New York
Yankees for OF Ruben Sierra and RHP Matt Drews.

How it affects Yankees: The Yankees are happy to be rid of Ruben
Sierra, 30, whose power stroke was short-circuited, prompting
the Yankees to sign Darryl Strawberry July 4. Fielder will be
the DH, but he's underrated defensively. If 1B Tino Martinez needs
a rest, Fielder can play there adequately. The trade also means
Strawberry will platoon with Gerald Williams in left field. Fielder
is due $ 2,360,656 for rest of this season and $ 7.2 million in
1997, part of a five-year contract worth $ 36,187,500 -- but it
might be worth it. Fielder, 32, who hit 51 HRs in 1990 and has
26 with 80 RBI this season, says he's shocked about going to New
York. The Yankees add another superstar, but this is a quiet team
that reflects their leader, manager Joe Torre.


How it affects Tigers: Tigers GM Randy Smith, who turned San Diego
into a contender after having a fire sale, is doing the same thing
in Detroit. He's stockpiling young pitchers. The key to this trade
is Drews, 21, who had a minor arm injury earlier this season.
The Yankees considered Drews, who is 6-8 and a first-round pick,
their premier pitching prospect. He's had a rough season after
he went from Class A to AAA. He's in Class AA, but he could be
in the Tigers' rotation next season. The Tigers didn't say it,
but they have been eager to get rid of Cecil Fielder's $ 9.2 million
contract, baseball's largest. The Tigers are confident that young
Tony Clark will be a good first baseman. Now, with Fielder's contract
gone, the Tigers are in position to keep rebuilding.

BREWERS-PADRES

The trade: The Milwaukee Brewers trade OF Greg Vaughn to the San
Diego Padres for OF Marc Newfield, RHP Bryce Florie and LHP Ron
Villone.

How it affects Brewers: Vaughn wanted to play his entire career
in Milwaukee, so it is sad to see him leave. Even though he will
command huge money on the free-agent market (three years, $ 18
million), Brewers GM Sal Bando said he might try to sign Vaughn
as a free agent. Newfield (.251) is a big, strong power hitter
who has the potential to put up Vaughn-type numbers as early as
next season. Villone (1-1, 2.95 ERA in 21 appearances) and Florie
(2-2, 4.01 in 30 appearances) will help the Brewers' bullpen for
their run at a wild-card berth.

How it affects Padres: Because San Diego ranks last in home runs
in the NL, Vaughn's dangerous bat should be a plus in the lineup.
Vaughn, who hit two home runs in his final game in Milwaukee,
will play right field alongside CF Steve Finley and LF Rickey
Henderson. The Padres' best hitter, Tony Gwynn, was hitting .338
before he went on the disabled list with a minor tear in his Achilles
tendon. It is uncertain when he will return, but when he does,
Gwynn will play right and Vaughn (.280-31-95) will move to left,
the position he played with the Brewers. Henderson, who has a
good on-base percentage but low batting average, is odd man out.

MARINERS-PHILLIES

The trade: The Seattle Mariners acquire LHP Terry Mulholland from
the Philadelphia Phillies in exchange for minor league infielder
Desi Relaford.

How it affects Mariners: Mulholland joins another lefty, Jamie
Moyer, in the Mariners' beefed-up rotation. Considering that LHP
Randy Johnson, who carried the Mariners last season, might not
be back until at least mid-August, the acquisition of Mulholland
is a good move. Manager Lou Piniella has been able to keep the
Mariners in contention despite an inexperienced pitching staff,
but Piniella is the first to say experience is critical down the
stretch. Mulholland is 8-7 with a 4.66 ERA -- an improvement from
last season when he was 5-13, 5.80 for the Giants.

How it affects Phillies: The Phillies are anchored in last in
the National League East and have the worst record in the league,
so it is time to start unloading and build for the future. The
Phillies have been unhappy with '93 hero Kevin Stocker, so they
will give Relaford a chance to win the shortstop job. Relaford
was stuck behind Alex Rodriguez in the Seattle organization. Relaford
has great range, plays good defense and can be a plus for the
Phillies.

DODGERS-TIGERS

The trade: The Los Angeles Dodgers acquired CF Chad Curtis from
the Detroit Tigers in exchange for LHPs John Cummings and Joey
Eischen.

How it affects Dodgers: Curtis, who wasn't making much of an impression
in Detroit, will give the Dodgers an upgrade in their leadoff
spot, something they've needed since Brett Butler was sidelined
with tonsil cancer. Perhaps a return to southern California --
he played his first three years with the Angels -- will help Curtis.
The Dodgers have tried Roger Cedeno, Wayne Kirby and Chad Fonville
at the leadoff spot, and Curtis is a step up. The Dodgers can
afford to give up left-handed pitching because their bullpen still
has lefties Mark Guthrie, one of the best in the game, and Scott
Radinsky and Antonio Osuna from the right side to get to their
closer, right-hander Todd Worrell.

How it affects Tigers: The Tigers weren't happy with Curtis and
they think Kim Bartee, a prospect who had trouble developing in
the Baltimore and Minnesota organizations, has a chance to be
their regular center fielder. Bartee has great speed. The Tigers
have confidence in Bartee. Detroit's pitching is a mess, and although
Eischen and Cummings are marginal prospects, they will give the
Tigers new blood. Cummings will start at Class AAA Toledo (Ohio).

OTHER TRADES

Yankees-Marlins: The New York Yankees traded RHP Mark Hutton to
the Florida Marlins for RHP David Weathers. Weathers is a solid
No. 4 or No. 5 starter who gives the Yankees depth and protection
from injury. Hutton will move into Florida's rotation right away.

Tigers-Angels: The busy Tigers sent RHP Greg Gohr to the California
Angels for infielder Damion Easley. The Tigers are adding good
athletes, and Easley is an example. The Angels will try to get
Gohr back on track.

Rangers-Red Sox: The Texas Rangers acquired left-handed relief
pitcher Mike Stanton and a player to be named from Boston for
right-handers Mark Brandenberg and Kerry Lacy. The Rangers needed
bullpen help, and Stanton, 29, who is 4-3 with a 3.83 ERA in 59
appearances for Red Sox, is a great addition. "We needed left-handed
pitching," Rangers GM Doug Melvin said. "Stanton could close
for us."

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Nell Seiler, USA TODAY; Power play: San Diego acquired Greg
Vaughn, hoping he can bring some power to a lineup that is last in the NL in
home runs.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Hoosier water quality affects ocean animals

BYLINE: Debbie Blank, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1373 words


Feb. 02--BROOKVILLE -- The 54th annual Franklin County Soil and Water
Conservation District meeting and dinner guest speaker was well familiar with
the county, even though he lives in Carmel and works in West Lafayette.

Seth Harden, The Nature Conservancy Upper Wabash project director, adopted a dog
from the Franklin County Humane Society. He felt an affinity for FCSWCD after
being a 4-H member growing up in Frankfort in northwest Indiana and having a mom
who was a Soil and Water Conservation District coordinator.

The Nature Conservancy, headquartered in Washington, D.C., works in over 60
countries. About 50 staff members are spread across the state. One of their
larger projects is Kankakee Sands, a 7,800-acre birder's and wildflower
enthusiast's paradise in Newton County, where 23 bison were released last
October.

"We have nature preserves across the state," he reported. To learn more, go to
www.nature.org and click on Places We Protect.

The nonprofit's leaders started a major initiative this year at the Indianapolis
Zoo when they integrated with dolphin shows. Their goal was to show Hoosiers
"what we do here in Indiana does affect the Gulf of Mexico and the dolphins who
live there."

A video showing dolphins jumping near the Louisiana coast asked, "What can we
learn from each other?"

A fourth generation fisherman there said, "It's in our blood to fish shrimp.
We're looking forward to keep doing it. Dolphins are really a part of life down
here."

Up here in Indiana, Vincennes farmer Ray McCormick provided another voiceover:
"Every stream on my farm connects up with the Wabash River," which flows into
the Ohio River, which connects with the Mississippi River, so Hoosier water ends
up in the ocean south of Louisiana. Soil in that water can negatively impact
dolphins and fish in the Gulf.

According to the fisherman, "We used to catch thousands of pounds (of shrimp) a
day and we don't see that anymore. Where are the dolphins going to go" when they
don't have shrimp to eat? he worried.

McCormick said, "I understand the relationship between what I do building
healthy soil, so when it rains, most of the water goes down into the soil where
it belongs" and doesn't run off into streams and rivers, taking sediment with
it. He pointed out that what happens to the water "off your roof, at the golf
course, at the ball diamond" matters.

Harden showed a slide of standing water and a major gully in an Indiana field.
He asked what year this occurred and a female voice immediately belted out,
"2008!"

The speaker reported, "There were gullies you could park school buses in" and
damages due to soil loss after heavy rains.

The Nature Conservancy is paying attention to water due to the booming world
population. At 7.4 billion now, it is projected to reach 9 billion by 2050. More
water will be needed for drinking and to grow food.

Portions of Indiana are located in three major watersheds: Lake Michigan, Lake
Erie and the Mississippi River. The state has a surface area of over 36,532
square miles, with 63,000 linear miles of rivers, streams, ditches and drainage
ways. Conservation is required for most of those.

His area is the northern half of the Wabash River from Terre Haute to Fort
Wayne.

Harden said there are growing concerns about two issues -- a hypoxic (life
cannot be sustained when there is oxygen depletion in the water) zone in the
Gulf of Mexico just south of Louisiana, one of 25 or so globally; and a harmful
algae bloom in Lake Erie that could kill wildlife plus decrease tourism.

He emphasized, "A lot of those issues are due to agricultural runoff and those
from urban golf courses" and other manmade sources.

Believe it or not, the Wabash River is the longest free flowing river east of
the Mississippi. It drains water from 329,910 square miles in 73 of Indiana's 92
counties, plus parts of Illinois and Ohio. Harden noted 62 percent of the
watershed is in row crop agriculture.

This watershed has 400 known locations of rare species, 75 mussel species and
151 species of fish.

It covers 3 percent of the Mississippi River drainage area, but about 7 percent
of the water heading to the Gulf of Mexico.

Yet the watershed supplies 11-17 percent of the total nitrogen load of the
mighty river to the Gulf. "We receive a lot of funding in the state for
conservation. Indiana is very much a leader in cover crops and nitrogen
management" to lessen that amount.

The state has 12.1 million acres of cropland and ranks in the top five for
soybean and corn production. There are 58,700 farms, with 250 acres the average
size, according to 2014 data. "There are a lot of small farmers out there." With
absentee owners, "a lot of those acres are rented out."

The Upper Wabash project director wants to get Hoosier farmers on the same page.
"Here is TNC's approach ... nutrient management and sustainable grazing. I see
you have a fair amount of livestock in this part of the state. Here's the good
news ... in 2004 we barely registered the number of cover crops in the state."
Their popularity has grown steadily so that now 216,400 acres are in programs.

With 1.1 million acres of cover crops, Indiana is No. 2 in the country behind
Texas. "This helps leverage dollars in this state. Cover crops are proving to be
a practice that is viable ... and economical. We are reducing phosphorus and
nitrogen," he noted, showing a graph.

A state nutrient reduction strategy has been encouraged by the federal
government. "They're looking for a 20 percent reduction by 2025 and a 40 percent
reduction by 2013 ... a lofty goal."

Approaches range from edge of field (between farm field and body of water)
tactics, such as riparian zones or filter strips; to down stream, like wetland
restoration, which is not only good for water quality, but also wildlife
habitats.

"Farmers don't tend to trust conservation organizations" for advice, relying
mostly on family members, chemical and seed dealers and consultants first.

He discussed the successful Big Pine Regional Conservation Partnership Program
that involves 209,000 acres and parts of four counties, mostly Benton, which has
the most intensive ag land use in the state at 95 percent. Partners include The
Nature Conservancy, Ceres Solutions, Land O'Lakes, Winfield United, CTIC, local
SWCDs and the USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service. "We're engaging the
power of the supply chain and trust of agronomy retailers for further
conservation" because farmers will listen to them.

Harden quizzed, "What are the four R's? Right source, right rate, right time and
right place" for nutrients.

Persons can sign up for the 4R Nutrient Stewardship Certification Program
supported by governments, businesses and organizations at
http://4rcertified.org/. The program is so new just one Hoosier farm has been
certified so far, according to the website.

Individuals with questions about improving Wabash River water may contact Harden
at seth.harden@tnc.org or 765-414-5861.

Franklin County Soil and Water Conservation District coordinator Chris Fox,
Batesville, has found partnerships effective. "That's the way we get things done
-- we work together."

Debbie Blank can be contacted at debbie.blank@batesvilleheraldtribune.com or
812-934-4343, Ext. 113.

Best conservation artists

"We have one of the biggest regional poster contests," Fox said. "We're excited
by the number of posters we get," this year over 141 for the 2017 National
Association of Conservation Districts Poster Contest with the theme "Healthy
Soils are Full of Life." Winning posters were submitted to the state contest and
those top posters advanced to the national contest at the NACD meeting in
Denver, with winners chosen Jan. 31.

He announced local winners:

--Grades K-1: Ella Amrhein, third place; Jerod Rauch, second place; Elizabeth
Davis, first place.

--Grades 2-3: Audrey Tebbe, third place; Maddy Smith, second place; Ethan Short,
first place.

--Grades 4-6: Sophia Taylor, third place; Abbi Baxter, second place; Haley
Wiesemann, first place.

--Grades 7-9: Madison Jones, third place; Charlotte Barrett, second place;
Trevor Robertson, first place.

___ (c)2017 The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Ind.) Visit The Herald-Tribune
(Batesville, Ind.) at www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170202-HZ-Hoosier-water-quality-affects-ocean-animals-0202-20170202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2017 The Herald-Tribune


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 30, 2010 Thursday

Hockey Hall of Fame game doesn't affect standings, but still counts

BYLINE: Kevin Pates, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 398 words


Dec. 30--True, today's sold out game between Minnesota Duluth and North Dakota
doesn't affect the Western Collegiate Hockey Association men's standings.

False, the game is a non-counting exhibition.

The annual U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame Game, which marks the opening of Amsoil
Arena, counts statistically and will likely have an impact when the 2011 NCAA
Division I tournament field is determined in March. UMD (12-3-3) is ranked No. 2
in the PairWise Rankings, which mimic the NCAA selection process, and North
Dakota (13-5-2) is No. 3.

The teams split games Nov. 5-6 in Grand Forks, N.D. Today's tiebreaking meeting
is the only other regular-season game between the teams.

"(Being part of the opening of a building) is something very special, that we
take to heart," North Dakota senior defenseman Derrick LaPoint said this week in
a press conference. "It's a really meaningful game that will set the tone for
the second half of the season."

North Dakota leads the WCHA with 22 points, while UMD and Denver are tied for
second with 20. The Fighting Sioux are 5-0-1 the last six games, tied for the
best current streak in Division I, and 8-1-1 the last 10 games. North Dakota's
only loss in that stretch was 1-0 at Nebraska-Omaha on a goal scored with less
than one second to play Nov. 20.

UMD was 7-1 at home the first half of the season at the DECC. North Dakota is
7-3-1 on the road.

Part of the proceeds of today's game will benefit the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame
in Eveleth. WCHA commissioner Bruce McLeod says the Hall of Fame typically
receives $50,000 to $70,000 from the game, and has gained as much as $100,000.
The 2011 Hall of Fame Game has not been chosen but may be connected to the
opening of Notre Dame's new hockey rink or to a possible outdoor college game at
TCF Bank Stadium in Minneapolis.

The exempt status of the event allows teams to add a game to a standard 34-game
schedule.

UMD and North Dakota played in the 2003 U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame Game at Ralph
Engelstad Arena, in Grand Forks, N.D., won by the Fighting Sioux 3-2.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101230-DU-Hockey-Hall-of-Fame-game-doesn-t-affect
-standings-but-still-counts-1230-20101230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2010 Duluth News-Tribune


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 9, 2012 Friday

USPS: Facility closings won't affect businesses drastically

BYLINE: Chelsea Miller, Vindicator, Youngstown, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


March 09--YOUNGSTOWN -- The U.S. Postal Service's decision to cease operations
at Youngstown's processing and distribution facility, as well as consolidate 252
others, will not drastically affect businesses, said David Van Allen, postal
service communications programs specialist.

The postal service addressed concerns on proposed changes to mail delivery in a
meeting with local businesses considered among the region's largest mailers.

The changes included new mail-delivery times for first-class mail.

Currently, first-class mail is delivered in one to three days. After Cleveland
absorbs the Youngstown facility, it likely will take two to three days for local
letters to reach their intended destinations.

Delivery will take longer because of travel time: It is 72 miles from Youngstown
to Cleveland.

There will be no changes to priority mail, express mail and standard-mail
packages as of now.

Harry Myers, USPS manager of customer service, said the majority of mailers will
not be affected.

"We believe the network changes will be imperceptible to 150 million residential
customers," he said.

He added that a small portion of first-class mail could be delivered within a
day. Mailers will have to drop off mail at an earlier time, although specific
details have not been ironed out.

Van Allen said the changes were necessary because of a 25 percent decrease in
mail volume as well as the Postal Accountability Enhancement Act, a law that
requires the postal service to pre-fund 75 years' worth of future retiree health
benefits at a cost of $5.5 billion per year to the postal service. Attempts to
urge Congress to repeal the act have gone unanswered.

Van Allen said the decision to consolidate Youngstown's facilities had nothing
to do with employees' performance but with maximizing the postal service's
network.

"This is a national issue, and although I empathize with the emotions, if we
continue, we will be $18 billion in debt by 2015," he said, adding that the goal
was to save the postal service.

The proposed changes will cut an estimated $20 billion in expenses per year, and
implementation will not begin until after May 15.

In Washington, U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown met with Postmaster General Patrick
Donahoe to push the USPS to minimize the closure of processing centers and
postal offices in Ohio.

Under the postal service's new plan, nine processing centers in Ohio -- Akron,
Athens, Canton, Chillicothe, Dayton, Ironton, Steubenville, Toledo and
Youngstown -- are slated for closure.

In Pennsylvania, the processing center in New Castle also will close.

___ (c)2012 Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) Visit Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) at
www.vindy.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120309-YU-USPS-Facility-closings-won-t-affect
-businesses-drastically-0309-20120309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YU


                           Copyright 2012 Vindicator


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 21, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Age-related blindness expected to double

BYLINE: Kathleen Fackelmann

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 421 words

More than 1 million Americans age 40 and older suffer from blindness today, a
number that will double in the next few decades as the boomer generation ages,
says a government report.

The experts who wrote the report predict that, by 2020, 1.8 million Americans
will be blind and another 3.4 million will suffer from impaired vision that
could threaten their way of life.

As people get older, their risk of developing a number of age-related blinding
diseases increases, says Paul Sieving, director of the National Eye Institute,
part of the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md. The institute, along
with Prevent Blindness America, a non-profit group dedicated to saving sight,
released the report Wednesday.


Leading causes of vision problems and blindness, according to the report:

 * Diabetic retinopathy affects 5.3 million people today and will strike 7.6
million by 2020. Diabetes often causes tiny blood vessels in the eye to leak,
which can lead to vision problems.

 * Age-related macular degeneration affects 1.6 million now; that number will
grow to 2.7 million by 2020. Macular degeneration, which affects the part of the
eye responsible for central vision, is more common after age 50.

 * Cataracts affect 20.5 million Americans today, a number that will rise to 30
million in 2020. Cataracts are a clouding of the eye's naturally clear lens.
Excessive exposure to UV radiation in sunlight and smoking may increase the
risk.

 * Glaucoma is a fact of life for 2.2 million Americans today and will affect
3.4 million by 2020. Glaucoma causes slow damage to the cells in the optic
nerve. Vision loss is so gradual that many people don't realize they have this
disease in its early stages.

The escalating rates of blinding eye diseases could put a huge drain on federal
health plans and society as a whole, says David Friedman of the Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore. Medicare already pays about $ 3.4 billion a year to
treat cataracts, a price tag that will increase if this report's predictions
come true.

But Friedman says there are steps Americans can take to reduce their risk of
suffering from eye diseases.

For example, regular eye exams are crucial for early detection and treatment of
disease, which may slow down vision loss. A low-fat diet and regular exercise
also may help some people ward off certain blinding eye diseases.

For more information on the report, check the National Eye Institute Web site at
www.nei.nih.gov/eyedata.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: HEALTH AND BEHAVIOR

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 26, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PRO FOOTBALL;
Giants Address Big Questions

BYLINE: By FRANK LITSKY

SECTION: Section 5; Page 1, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1641 words


THE Giants, who won Super Bowl XXI six months ago, will open their training camp
tomorrow under a cloud.

The publication last week of excerpts about his drug use from Lawrence Taylor's
forthcoming autobiography raised many questions, notably: what effect would it
have on the team? ''None,'' said Coach Bill Parcells. ''None,'' said Chris
Godfrey, the starting offensive guard.

''None,'' said Stacy Robinson, the starting wide receiver.

In the excerpts, Taylor gave the impression that the Giants and the National
Football League tolerated his drug use before his rehabilitation in early 1986
because he was a star. Parcells insisted the excerpts were taken out of context
and did not tell the whole story.

''It's something that happened in the past,'' said Parcells. ''There are always
negative things in training camp. Something always happens.''

''I don't think this will have any effect on the team,'' said Godfrey, ''and no
effect on me. I'm just surprised he was doing crack. But I think that's already
behind him. He has a good season under his belt, so it's an old problem.''

''I asked myself,'' said Robinson, ''How will his book affect my play? How will
it affect Zeke Mowatt and Mark Bavaro? Obviously, it won't affect us unless it
affects L. T., and I don't see how it will do that. You can talk the way he did
only when you have conquered it, so in that sense it's good.''

Until the fireworks from Taylor's book, the big question was whether the Giants
could repeat as champions. At the post-Super Bowl news conference, that was one
of the first questions aimed at Parcells. He still hears it daily. So do his
players.

''It's crazy,'' said Phil Simms, the starting quarterback and the most valuable
player in the Super Bowl. ''People say, 'How are you doing?' Then, before you
get a chance to answer, they say, 'You think you're going to repeat?' Well, I
guess I'd rather have that question than 'Can you guys ever win the Super Bowl?'
''

All right, Phil Simms, can the Giants repeat?

''Definitely,'' he said. ''You have a better chance to repeat in football than
in other sports because you rely on a lot of players, not just a few. So if
something goes wrong, if key people get injured, we can still get it done. We've
got a lot of good players.'' Simms spent much of the off season making
appearances and television commercials. But he also lifted weights and ran
almost daily.

''I stopped worrying about him years ago,'' said Parcells. ''He won't stop until
he retires. Besides, around here it's a short walk from Super Bowl hero to the
end of a rope.''

''I had enough time off,'' said Simms. ''I'm tired of being unemployed. I'm
ready for camp.''

As usual, the camp will be held for almost a month at Pace University's
Westchester campus in Pleasantville, N.Y. After that, when the roster has been
sharply reduced, the players will train at Giants Stadium.

In general, rookies will report tomorrow and veterans Friday. Of the 96 players
on the roster, 60 or so are expected tomorrow. They include several groups of
veterans, among them the signed quarterbacks and the seven players who finished
last year on injured reserve.

Parcells also ''invited'' - he emphasized that word - Eric Dorsey, Mark Collins,
Erik Howard, Pepper Johnson and Greg Lasker. They were the first five draft
choices in 1986, and all missed the start of that training camp because they had
not signed contracts until after camp started.

N.F.L. rules bar unsigned players from training camp. Of the Giants' three
veteran quarterbacks, only Simms ended last season with a contract extending
through this season. The contracts of Jeff Rutledge and Jeff Hostetler, the
other veteran quarterbacks, expired after last season.

In all, when the Super Bowl was over, the Giants had 11 veteran free agents -
Rutledge, Hostetler, Burt, Lionel Manuel, George Martin, Gary Reasons, Lee
Rouson, Jerome Sally, Tony Galbreath, David Jordan and Curtis McGriff. They also
had five players entering their option year -Brad Benson, Phil McConkey, Maurice
Carthon, Herb Welch and Robbie Jones.

The players entering their option year were contractually bound to report to
camp. The free agents were not. However, George Young, the general manager, has
been attempting to sign all players in both groups, and many have signed.

Last week, Benson signed a multiyear contract starting at $325,000 a year. The
Pro Bowl offensive tackle had been earning $200,000. McConkey, the wide receiver
and kick returner, signed a one-year contract for $185,000, up from $100,000.

The toughest negotiations may involve Burt, the Pro Bowl nose tackle, and
Reasons, a starting inside linebacker. Burt's $175,000 salary last year was the
lowest of the veteran defensive linemen. Reasons earned not much more than Burt
and much less than the other starting and more celebrated linebackers.

Some of the 14 players drafted by the Giants last April have been signed, but
serious negotiations with the top draftees began only last week. Young said he
expected the first four draftees to be in the area, if not all in camp, by
tomorrow. That indicated that he expected to have all four signed within days.

Parcells gave good physical reports on Terry Kinard and Kenny Hill, his starting
safeties for most of last year. Late in the season, Kinard underwent
reconstructive surgery on his left knee, and after the season Hill had
arthroscopic surgery to remove bone chips from both ankles. Parcells said Kinard
was at full speed.

Parcells said he thought George Adams was ready for full-time workouts. The big
running back missed the entire 1986 season because of a bone chip in the left
side of the pelvis.

McGriff, a defensive end who usually played in running situations, missed the
season with an injured left hamstring. He did not report for the minicamp last
May, and Parcells said he did not know if the seven-year veteran would report
now or retire.

Two areas of particular concern are the wide receivers and cornerback. Bobby
Johnson and Elvis Patterson, who have made many big plays in their three
professional seasons but have also been inconsistent, will be fighting for their
jobs.

The veteran wide receivers are Johnson, McConkey, Robinson, Manuel and Solomon
Miller. In the draft, the Giants tried to gain receiving speed by picking three
wide receivers early - Mark Ingram in the first round, Stephen Baker in the
third and Odessa Turner in the fourth.

The N.F.L. player limit will probably remain at 45 this season, so the Giants
are likely to carry four or five wide receivers. One or two will probably be
rookies, which means some veterans will not survive.

At cornerback, Perry Williams played well last year on the right side while
Collins, though a rookie, often started ahead of Patterson on the left. The
Giants will keep three or four cornerbacks, and Patterson will be challenged by
Tyrone Davis, who has spent most of his two pro seasons on injured reserve, and
two promising rookie free agents - Wayne Haddix and Perry M. Williams.

Parcells said he hoped all rookies would be signed in time for the first
workout. ''They need to be here,'' he said. ''This will be a hard team to
make.''

It will be especially hard to make for journeyman players such as McGriff. Until
his injury in a preseason game last August, McGriff was expected to share left
defensive end with George Martin. With McGriff injured, Martin played full time
most of the season and at age 33 had a banner year.

Late in the season, Dorsey received increasingly more playing time at that
position. He led the Giants in the playoffs with three sacks, and if he
continues to progress he may share the job equally with Martin. In that case,
with the improving John Washington available, McGriff could be the odd man out.

The Giants begin their four-game preseason on Aug. 15 against the New England
Patriots in Foxboro, Mass., and Aug. 22 against the Cleveland Browns at Giants
Stadium.

''I'm concerned that the first two preseason games are six days apart,'' said
Parcells. ''We're all going to have to work hard early.''

For many people, the hard work has started already. The assistant coaches
returned last week after a seven-week vacation and started working on
training-camp schedules. A 45-foot trailer truck pulled up to Giants Stadium,
loaded up with equipment, uniforms, footballs, washers and dryers and the entire
contents of the weight room and delivered them to the training camp.

Parcells was preparing mentally. He said he had talked with three other head
coaches who had won Super Bowls to learn what they went through the following
season.

''One coach said he had a better team the next year,'' said Parcells, ''and all
of a sudden he lost five guys at once. They got beat in the playoffs. Some Super
Bowl winners just played real poorly the next year.

''And sometimes another team in the division makes a quantum leap. It's like
people asking what's wrong with the Mets. What's wrong with the Mets is the
Cardinals.

''These coaches said to get your team in the right direction as quick as you
can. Make the same demands you always made and make sure the players are doing
what you want. And if they're not, tell them quickly.''

The Giants will have to be moving in the right direction quickly because the
first five regular-season games send them against strong teams -the Chicago
Bears, the Dallas Cowboys, the Miami Dolphins, the San Francisco 49ers and the
Washington Redskins. The Giants cannot sit on their laurels and Super Bowl
rings.

''This business is not all that complicated,'' said Parcells. ''If I'm not
complacent, my guys won't be. A lot of guys like it here. People smile at them,
ask them if they want to speak to the Rotary Club, maybe give them a little
money to speak. I don't think I have to bring them down, but I probably will.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Giants' Coach Bill Parcells who says the commotion caused by
Lawrence Taylor's drug revelations last week should not affect the Giants'
chances of repeating; Lawrence Taylor stayed in shape this summer on the golf
course. (The New York Times/Edward Hausner; Associated Press); photo of three
veteran Giant players who will be fighting for their positions at camp: Elvis
Patterson, Bobb

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Sanford Health changes in Fargo won't affect Bemidji branch

BYLINE: John Hageman, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


June 07--BEMIDJI -- Administrative changes at Sanford Health in Fargo, N.D., and
Sioux Falls, S.D., won't have an effect on personnel in Bemidji, according to
the local region's interim president.

Forum News Service reported Thursday that Sanford is buying out a dozen of its
administrators under a restructuring plan to save $10 million annually, while
also planning to centralize management of system-wide functions.

That will mean a new office building next to the $500 million medical center
that's currently under construction in Fargo.

Joy Johnson, interim president of Sanford Bemidji, said Thursday the changes
won't have much affect locally.

"Bemidji's in a little different situation," said Johnson, who noted that the
hospital merged with Sanford only two years ago. "We made a lot of changes at
that time and used attrition and found other alternative assignments for
people."

"So, we are not really impacted by that at this point."

Johnson said, however, having more centralized positions in Fargo may affect
relationships with other branches.

"A lot of the functionality within Sanford is going to a more system-wide
functionality," Johnson said. "Whereas we may have had someone in Fargo and
someone in Sioux Falls, many of those functions are being integrated into one
position."

Johnson said labor and benefits are about 60 percent of Sanford's total
expenses.

"So, you have to be diligent about managing those resources," Johnson said. "And
we've done that. So, we're in a position where we aren't needing to do those
kinds of changes right now."

___ (c)2013 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130607-JI-Sanford-Health-changes-in-Fargo-won-t-affect
-Bemidji-branch-0607-20130607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2013 Bemidji Pioneer


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Sanford Health changes in Fargo won't affect Bemidji branch

BYLINE: John Hageman, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


June 06--BEMIDJI -- Administrative changes at Sanford Health in Fargo, N.D., and
Sioux Falls, S.D., won't have an effect on personnel in Bemidji, according to
the local region's interim president.

Forum News Service reported Thursday that Sanford is buying out a dozen of its
administrators under a restructuring plan to save $10 million annually, while
also planning to centralize management of system-wide functions.

That will mean a new office building next to the $500 million medical center
that's currently under construction in Fargo.

Joy Johnson, interim president of Sanford Bemidji, said Thursday the changes
won't have much affect locally.

"Bemidji's in a little different situation," said Johnson, who noted that the
hospital merged with Sanford only two years ago. "We made a lot of changes at
that time and used attrition and found other alternative assignments for
people."

"So, we are not really impacted by that at this point."

Johnson said, however, having more centralized positions in Fargo may affect
relationships with other branches.

"A lot of the functionality within Sanford is going to a more system-wide
functionality," Johnson said. "Whereas we may have had someone in Fargo and
someone in Sioux Falls, many of those functions are being integrated into one
position."

Johnson said labor and benefits are about 60 percent of Sanford's total
expenses.

"So, you have to be diligent about managing those resources," Johnson said. "And
we've done that. So, we're in a position where we aren't needing to do those
kinds of changes right now."

___ (c)2013 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130606-JI-Sanford-Health-changes-in-Fargo-won-t-affect
-Bemidji-branch-0606-20130606

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2013 Bemidji Pioneer


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 6, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

Pawlenty and McCain will travel to Germany;
The trip comes after recent campaign travels on behalf of the presidential
candidate, prompting renewed questions about a possible vice presidential run.
The governor again deflected the speculation.

BYLINE: Mark Brunswick, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 402 words


Gov. Tim Pawlenty will travel to Germany this weekend with Republican
presidential hopeful John McCain to attend a security conference.

Pawlenty will join McCain in Munich to attend a summit of the world's top
security officials.

Pawlenty, national co-chairman of McCain's campaign, also recently attended a
conference on homeland security with the Arizona senator in Florida.

Pawlenty has been campaigning for McCain during weekends and is the head of the
National Governors Association. He has been asked to go along on the Munich trip
by congressional officials because security issues affect state as well as
federal policy, he said.

"The idea is that it's a conference on security which obviously affects states
which affects nations which affects all of us," Pawlenty said.

Defense Secretary Robert Gates also is expected to attend.

As many as 40 ministers and three presidents are expected to attend the
conference. Altogether, 250 delegates from 50 countries will participate. Topics
for discussion will include "a world in disorder" with shifting centers of
power.

Pawlenty casually announced the plans during an impromptu news conference after
being asked by reporters about any further role he might be playing in the
McCain presidential campaign.

Pawlenty again brushed aside suggestions that he might be considered a vice
presidential candidate on any possible McCain ticket. He said he is likely to
continue to campaign for the Arizona Republican as time allows, acknowledging
that the upcoming legislative session will put more demands on his time.
Pawlenty has campaigned for McCain in New Hampshire, Florida, Michigan and
Illinois.

"It hasn't been too burdensome," Pawlenty said of his campaign schedule. "Beyond
Super Tuesday, I'm not sure what my role would be. With the session approaching,
we'll see. It probably won't change dramatically from what you've seen."

Asked if he would turn down an invitation to join the ticket, Pawlenty joked, "I
could always turn him down. I'm only helping Senator McCain because he's a great
man and would be a great president of the United States, particularly in these
times."

Despite his support and polls showing strong support for McCain, Pawlenty
predicted that McCain would probably finish behind Massachusetts Gov. Mitt
Romney in the Republican caucuses in Minnesota because of a smaller subgroup of
Republicans who show up at caucuses.

Mark Brunswick - 651-222-1636

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      April 24, 2003 Thursday 1ST EDITION

T-Mobile change may cost callers

BYLINE: Jennifer Beauprez , Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 498 words


T-Mobile has warned its Colorado subscribers that it may cost  friends, family
members and business associates who call their  wireless numbers from a
land-line phone.

The Bellevue, Wash., cellphone provider said people who call from  their home or
office phones may be charged long-distance fees -  even if the wireless number
has the same area code.

A call placed from a Vail land line to a wireless phone in Fort  Collins, for
instance, may have the same area code. But the call is  considered out of area
and will incur charges, much like a  land-line-to-land-line phone call between
those cities.

Wireless providers have historically not charged consumers for  those calls and
instead bought a service called wide-area calling  from phone companies like
Qwest Communications.

T-Mobile discontinued buying this service.

'This will not affect calls placed or received on T-Mobile  wireless phones,'
said Anita Lammert, a T-Mobile spokeswoman. 'It  will not affect T-Mobile bills.
It will not change how they receive  calls. It may affect a land-line bill. It
may change how land-line  users place calls to a wireless phone number.'

It won't affect all calls, either.

Most metro Denver callers dialing wireless phones with 720 and 303  area codes
will not incur charges. It may, however, affect those  who dial within the 970
and 719 area codes where there are more  long-distance calls.

The reasons for the new charges are as complex as the charges  themselves.

T-Mobile, like most wireless carriers, is discontinuing the  wide-area calling
service in preparation for a federal mandate.  That rule will require wireless
providers by November to allow  customers to keep their same phone number even
if they switch  providers, said Cary Brandt, Qwest spokeswoman.

The technology to do that is not compatible with the technology to  do wide-area
calling, Brandt said.

In February, Sprint PCS started charging customers 47 cents a month  for the
next 13 months to cover the new costs for wide-area  calling.

'Each carrier is affected a little bit differently,' said Dave  Mellin, a Sprint
PCS spokesman. 'And within Sprint PCS itself,  each phone is going to be
affected differently.'

Sprint's new PCS Vision phones, for instance, will not be affected  because they
were designed with this issue in mind, he said.

AT&T Wireless and Verizon officials said most of their Colorado  subscribers
don't have numbers that would be affected.

AT&T and Verizon have said they will let subscribers switch their  cellphone
numbers at no charge, so that people who call them often  can avoid the tolls.

T-Mobile's Lammert said she encourages T-Mobile customers to call  877-443-3853
with questions and to determine their calling patterns  and which callers might
incur charges. She said subscribers can  change their rate plans accordingly or
even change their phone  number.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 6, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

VOICES/How does the savings and loan bailout affect you?

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


Joni Jacobs, 29
Legal secretary
San Francisco, Calif.

I'm sure that my standard of living is going to go down, although I don't know
exactly how it will, yet. I'm sure there will be inflation, unemployment or
both. The economy is right on the edge, and the S&L crisis could just push it
right over. This is probably the biggest financial atrocity this country has
ever known.

Lloyd Shields, 52
Committee chairman
Warrensville Hgts., Ohio

It affects me to the point that I have to pay taxes, and the people who caused
the crisis didn't go to jail. This is the only crime that I know of where the
public is asked to make restitution. If I rob someone, they'll put me in jail.
The S&L regulators robbed us, and they're asking us to forget about it.

Joy Cabe, 46
Systems analyst
Seabrook, Md.

I have no personal involvement in any S&L, although the bailout does reflect how
unstable our banking institutions are and makes me wonder if we've kept a close
enough watch on the other financial institutions. I have no idea what the final
outcome will be, other than it will cost money from my pocketbook.

Craig Ammann, 22
Salesman
Brookings, S.D.

We're all affected through higher taxes. But the public is also paying for it
through misconceptions of what exactly is happening now and what will happen in
the future. I'm upset that our government would let an institution get so far
out of control without stepping in and taking a hand in the situation.

Leslie Capin, 35
Dermatologist
Aurora, Colo.

I'm going to be paying for the mistakes of the S&L regulators and directors.
Their irresponsibility is going to affect me and every taxpayer in the country.
This will definitely affect how I'll vote in future elections. At this point,
I'm not very happy with the way the administration has handled the situation.

George Francis, 62
Finance manager
Nashville, Tenn.

As a taxpayer, the bailout affects me. But I think the federal government is
partly responsible for the S&Ls' problems because of the restraints that were
put on them. The S&Ls still have a purpose and the industry can be saved if they
are given some time to work themselves out of the problem.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Joni Jacobs, San Francisco); PHOTO; b/w ( Lloyd Shields,
Warrensville Hgts, Ohio); PHOTO; b/w ( Joy Cabe, Seabrook, MD); PHOTO; b/w
(Criag Ammann, Brookings, S.D.); PHOTO; b/w (Leslie Capin, Aurora, Col.); PHOTO;
b/w (George Francis, Nashville, TN)

TYPE: Opinion; Voices

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

Port operations resume after day of Occupy protests in Oakland

BYLINE: By Angela Woodall Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 532 words


OAKLAND -- Business as usual seemed to resume at the Port of Oakland on Tuesday
morning after Occupy protesters managed to block terminals for nearly 24 hours.

Trucks once again lumbered through two APL terminal entrances that had been
blocked by crowds numbering in the thousands from late Monday until 4 a.m.
Tuesday -- when they dispersed, allowing the nation's fifth-largest port to
reopen.

The shutdown that targeted ports along the West Coast marked the first time that
Occupy supporters came together to carry out a coordinated action since the
movement began in New York in September. The coordinated rallies added
confidence that the movement would grow despite crackdowns.

Even as protesters disrupted operations at ports from Southern California to
Anchorage, Alaska, and Vancouver, British Columbia, police in Seattle confronted
demonstrators with "flash-bang" percussion grenades to disperse them.

Monday's shutdown, however, showed that positive social change is possible, said
Mike King, who helped organize the blockade. Those kinds of efforts can attract
people frustrated by the lack of action by leaders and politicians. "Yesterday
was a great success in a line of successes," he said.

Monday's action in Oakland came six weeks after a Nov. 2 general strike launched
by Occupy Oakland drew thousands of protesters and shut down the port overnight.
Protesters' numbers on Monday were smaller than the November march, but still
effective. Organizers wouldn't try to top the shutdown for the sake of scale,
King said. The goal is to address inequality, not to stage a series of "bigger
is better" protests, he added.

On Monday, thousands in Oakland and up and down the West Coast picketed gates,
beat drums and carried signs such as "We are the port authority."

The number of Occupy camps, meanwhile, has dwindled,

The movement's physical occupation of public parks is probably over, said Jack
Rasmus, a professor of economics and politics at Saint Mary's College. He is
also author of "Prelude to Global Recession" and the upcoming book "Obama's
Economy: Recovery for the Few."

"But the Occupy slogan leaves open all kinds of possible tactics," he added.
"It's not going away."

Rasmus said he expects to see an increase in similar activity, especially in
January, if the trigger cuts proposed in Gov. Jerry Brown's budget lead to more
public sector layoffs. That could pull in more trade unions, helping the
movement grow. "The conditions that created the movement aren't going away,"
Rasmus said. "The issues are driving this, and the issues are driving people
together," he said. "Everyone feels they are in the 99 percent."

Occupy Oakland's next planned event is a Jan. 1 rally at Frank H. Ogawa Plaza in
downtown Oakland followed by a march to the Fruitvale BART station to protest
police brutality. Organizers chose the date and location to coincide with the
three-year anniversary of the death of Oscar Grant III, who was shot and killed
on the station platform by a BART police officer.

King said the Occupy movement would continue its actions against foreclosures
and demonstrating against banks.

"There will be more action in January, both large-scale and broad-based," King
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to
the Port of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a
general strike coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a general
strike coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2 hundreds
are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los Angeles,
San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the demonstration.
(Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Alameda County Sheriff in riot gear stand by a truck
waiting to enter as protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port of
Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Alameda County Sheriff officer in riot gear stands
watch as protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port of Oakland on
December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a general strike coordinated
by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2 hundreds are expected to
affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los Angeles, San Diego,
Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the demonstration. (Photo by
Kimberly White/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday

Merger won't affect health center

BYLINE: William K. Alcorn, Vindicator, Youngstown, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 475 words


Feb. 21--YOUNGSTOWN -- The merger of Planned Parenthood of Central Ohio, Planned
Parenthood of Northeast Ohio and Planned Parenthood Affiliates of Ohio will not
affect the operation of the organization's Youngstown Health Center on the South
Side.

The three Ohio Planned Parenthood organizations will become Planned Parenthood
of Greater Ohio effective July 1.

It will serve 68 of Ohio's 88 counties and be an affiliate of Planned Parenthood
Federation of America, said Celeste Ribbins, vice president of community
initiatives for Planned Parenthood of Northeast Ohio, with which the Youngstown
Health Center, 77 E. Midlothian Blvd., is affiliated.

Planned Parenthood of Northeast Ohio's main office in Akron will continue to
operate its health center and some staff in the area of billing; education and
regional health services will remain, said Ribbins, who also has oversight of
staff that conducts the Healthy Moms, Healthy Babies program in Mahoning County.

The merger does not include 20 Planned Parenthood organizations with
headquarters in Cincinnati that have not yet joined the merger, she said.

Ribbins said the merger will not affect access to and services offered at the
Youngstown Health Center. She noted that about $500,000 was spent last year to
renovate the facility.

She said Planned Parenthood affiliates have been considering the July 1 merger
for about a year.

She said some of the issues pushing the merger are the need for increased
operational efficiency to prepare for capital expenditures required by
health-care reform such as an electronic medical- record-keeping system, and a
stronger political voice in a "dramatically changing political landscape at the
state and federal levels."

Also, the consolidation follows a trend of affiliate mergers. Other recent
statewide mergers include Arizona, Illinois and Iowa.

The new Ohio organization and its chief executive officer will be based in
Columbus. Regional program and management staff around the state will oversee
local health centers, education and outreach programs and fundraising, she said.

The agencies' commitment to providing top-notch care to patients regardless of
their ability to pay will not change. There will be no change in how patients
access services, Ribbins said.

More than 96 percent of what Planned Parenthood does in Ohio is cancer
screening, birth control, prevention and treatment of sexually transmitted
diseases, breast-health services, Pap tests, sexual-health education and
information.

Planned Parenthood of Northeast Ohio provides essential reproductive-health
care, family- planning services and sexuality education to 72,000 women and men
at 13 health centers in 21 counties throughout Northeast Ohio, Ribbins said.

___ (c)2012 Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) Visit Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) at
www.vindy.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120221-YU-Merger-won-t-affect-health-center-20120221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YU


                           Copyright 2012 Vindicator


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

Media consolidation crackdown will affect local stations

BYLINE: Denise Allabaugh, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


April 01--Democratic leaders of the Federal Communications Commission voted
Monday to crack down on media consolidation, tightening rules on broadcast
owners controlling more than one TV station in the same market.

The FCC approved, in a 3-2 vote, to limit joint sales agreements, deals between
two stations in the same market in which one station is authorized to sell
advertising time on the other station.

The new rules will impact TV stations with joint sales agreements such as WBRE
and WYOU and companies such as Sinclair Broadcasting Group, which owns and
operates, programs or provides sales services to 167 television stations in 77
markets and includes FOX, ABC, MyTV, CW, CBS, NBC, Univision and Azteca
affiliates.

Jennifer Neuman of Nexstar Broadcasting Group said until they see the order in
writing from the FCC, she could not say how this would affect WBRE and WYOU,
which also have a shared services agreement.

Nexstar acquired WBRE, an NBC affiliate, in January 1998 and later that year
entered into a shared services agreement and a joint sales agreement with WYOU,
a Mission Broadcasting station.

Neuman said in the near term, "it will be business as usual at WBRE and WYOU and
viewers shouldn't expect anything different from what they are currently
getting."

According to Neuman, each of Nexstar's shared service agreements allow the
Nexstar station in the market to provide services including news production,
technical maintenance and security, in exchange for Nexstar's right to receive
certain payments from Mission.

Each joint sales agreement permits Nexstar to sell the station's advertising
time and retain a percentage of the net revenue from the station's advertising
time in return for monthly payments to Mission of the remaining percentage of
net revenue.

Lucy Rutishauser, spokeswoman for Maryland-based Sinclair Broadcast Group, could
not be reached for immediate comment Monday.

Over the last few decades, Sinclair has built multi-station clusters all over
the region. Sinclair shored up its position in Pennsylvania with the $90 million
acquisition of New Age Media's stations in the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton market,
along with signals in Tallahassee and Gainesville, Fla.

New Age operates three stations in the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton market: Fox
affiliate WOLF-TV, CW affiliate WSWB under a shared services agreement with
licensee MPS Media of Scranton, and MyNetwork affiliate WQMY.

Democratic FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler argued that joint sales agreements
effectively constitute one TV station owning another and should be allowed only
under specifically considered waivers.

Republican commissioners warned that the new rules will force small local TV
stations off the air. They argued the joint-sales deals help stations save costs
and focus more resources on covering news.

According to Neuman, Nexstar produces local news programming on 95 percent of
the stations that it owns. That includes 70 local news producing television
stations serving 41 markets.

The FCC said, in a news release, that the steps were taken to "close a loophole
in its TV ownership rules, making sure that a party's interests in a market are
properly counted."

"Removal of the loophole helps ensure competition, localism and diversity in
local broadcast markets by preventing a practice that previously resulted in
consolidation in excess of what is permitted under the commission's rules," the
FCC stated.

dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2115

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140401-YC-Media-consolidation-crackdown-will-affect
-local-stations-0401-20140401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                             American Capital, Ltd.

                            2 Bethesda Metro Center
                              Bethesda,  MD 20814
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


American Capital a private equity and asset management firm, based in the US.
The company's diversified investment portfolio, strong top-line performance, and
strong businesses are the key strengths, even as its decline in cash position
and non-accruing loans remain major areas of concern. Going forward, the company
may face challenges due to intense competition, changing regulations, and
fluctuations in interest rates. However, growing economy in the US and strategic
initiatives may benefit the company in future.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO


The company's diversified investment portfolio substantiates its market
position. As of December 31, 2015, the company invested over US$673 million in
equity securities, over US$2.2 billion in debt securities and US$378 million in
Structured Products. As of December 31, 2015, it had investments in 171
portfolio companies. The company's investment portfolio comprises of six
business lines including American Capital One Stop Buyouts, Sponsor Finance and
Other Investments, American Capital Asset Management, European Capital,
Structured Products and Senior Floating Rate Loans. In FY2015, the company
invested 27.1% of its total investments in American Capital One Stop Buyouts,
1.3% in Senior Floating Rate Loans, 37.3% in Sponsor Financial and other
Investments, 11.2% in European Capital, 10.9% in American Capital Asset
Management, and 12.2% in Structured Products. Such diversified investments
reduce the business risks for the company and offers greater business
opportunities.

STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


American Capital showcased strong top-line performance in FY2015, which enables
the company to achieve its business growth objectives. In FY2015, the company
reported total revenue of US$671 million as compared with US$471 million in
FY2014, representing an annual increase of 42.5%. The growth in the company's
revenue was primarily due to increase in the company's interest income on debt
investments, and structured products investments by 42.1% and 61.5%,
respectively in FY2015. Such strong top-line performance of American Capital
bolsters trust among its investors, which in turn helps the company to attract
further capital investments.

STRONG BUSINESS


A strong business helps in enhancing shareholder confidence and customer base.
American Capital has a strong market presence in the US. The company is a
private equity firm and global asset manager with investments in private equity,
private debt, private real estate securities and other investments, technology
investments, special situation investments and alternative asset funds. As of
December 31, 2015, the company reported US$73.3 billion of assets under
management. The company invests in middle market companies with revenue between
US$10 million and US$150 million. As of December 31, 2015, the company had
investments in 171 portfolio companies totalling US$5 billion. Such strong
business provides it with an edge over its competitors.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decline in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined from US$676 million at the end of FY2014 to US$483 million at the end
of FY2015, representing a decline of 28.6%. Decline in cash and equivalents may
be due to decreased value of its short-term asset holdings such as short-term
government bonds, marketable securities, and weak cash inflows.

NON-ACCRUING LOANS


Non-accruing loans of the company may adversely affect its financial position
and may further result in future losses. As on December 31, 2015, American
Capital reported total non-accrual loans of US$280 million, accounting for 10.6%
of total loans issued by the company. This is likely to influence the interest
income of the company as it cannot record any interest on non-accruing loans
which in turn affects its returns on investment and equity. Further increase in
non-accruing loans may adversely affect the financial performance of the company
as they are recorded as losses on investments.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.4% in 2015 and it is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. Increasing
consumer purchases, favorable monetary policy by the US government and reducing
unemployment rate are expected to be the major growth drivers over the forecast
period. Such economic growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions in
the country which in turn enables the growth of financial services sector and
boosts investment activities in the country. As a provider of private equity
investment services, the company is well positioned to benefit from the growing
economy.

STRATEGIC INITIATIVES


Strategic initiatives will help the company to further expand its business
operations. In this direction in December 2015, the company sold its portfolio
company, Dynojet Research, Inc., a US based automobile accessories manufacturers
to Irving Place Capital and New Value Capital. Also in 2015, the company also
sold its portfolio company, Mirion Technologies, Inc. to Charterhouse Capital
Partners, LLP. This initiative by the company involved realizations of around
21% of compounded annual returns over the entire period of investment in Mirion
Technologies by the company. The company's these divestitures will help it to
increased its focus on the company's core operations. This will also improve the
company's profitability. Furthermore, in November 2015, the company invested
GBD7.8 million in Mezzanine bonds to support its refinancing activities and
future growth. Such strategic initiatives by the company will increase its
investment portfolios and strengthen its core operations, which in turn will
improve its profitability and market share.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


The asset management services industry is subject to intense competition, which
may adversely affect the company's profitability. The company also competes with
strategic buyers, private equity funds, mezzanine debt funds and other buyers.
The company also competes with traditional financial services companies such as
finance companies, commercial banks, investment banks and other equity and
non-equity based investment funds. It competes based on various factors, which
include reputation, quality of advice and service, transaction execution,
financial resources and investment performance. Some of the major competitors
for the company include Affiliated Managers Group, Inc., Fifth Street Finance
Corp., Main Street Capital Corporation and Prospect Capital Corporation. This
highly competitive market may adversely affect the company's revenue and
earnings if the company fails to retain and attract clients and customers.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in countries of its operations. Changes in government policy,
legislation or regulatory interpretation may adversely affect the company's
product range, distribution channels, capital requirements and, consequently,
reported results and financing requirements. These changes include possible
changes in statutory pension arrangements and policies, the regulation of
selling practices, statutory changes in securities laws, accounting standards
and tax liabilities and solvency requirements. Thus, the changes in government
policies and regulations could have a negative impact on the company's growth
and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increases in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               July 12, 1997, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Gardeners: Keep an eye out for medflies

BYLINE: LEO VAN MEER

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; HOME & GARDEN; GARDEN NATURALLY; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 412 words



The Tampa Bay medfly infestation poses a host of questions. Is spraying
malathion the sole controlling method? How much is the potent pesticide likely
to affect individuals or the environment? If medflies remain unchecked, how
much will their depredations affect populations generally?

Much like a medical prescription, spraying malathion is no cure-all. It  could
have undesirable side effects.

The medfly, smaller than the house fly, lays eggs in ripening produce,  making
fruit and vegetables unacceptable for eating. Who wants produce  containing
insect eggs and larvae?

How did the medfly get to the Tampa Bay area? No one seems to know for  sure.
While in the state, where is the pest likely to surface next?  Possibilities
pose problems for the citrus and vegetable industries. Its  presence could even
affect tourism.

The Mediterranean fruit fly, often referred to as the medfly, is thought to
have originated in western Africa. In time, the pest spread to other fruit-  and
vegetable-growing countries and eventually to the United States, when  several
were detected in the Los Angeles area in 1975.

After the infestation was thought to be halted successfully, two pregnant
medflies were discovered in 1994 in California's Ventura County.

The local medfly presence first was discovered in a Seminole Heights  kumquat
tree in late May. State agriculture officials were notified, and a  close watch
for more began.

What is malathion and how is it likely to affect the sprayed area? Is it as
safe as some affirm?

How much will the potent pesticide affect human beings and other animals?
Pregnant women and infants have been advised to remain indoors and pets kept
inside during spraying.

Will sprayed malathion affect organic gardeners and natural growers? Since
there is no known beneficial insect to keep the medfly menace controlled, the
organic "bug-eat-bug" method cannot be relied upon.

One method, already suggested, may help control the medfly pest by limiting  the
population. Releasing sterile males to mate with eager females could  result in
infertile eggs, though spraying may kill sterilized males.

Organic gardeners should keep growing areas scrupulously clean. Pick all  ripe
fruit and vegetables. Keep a close watch, and hand-pick all discernable  bugs.
Provide sticky paper traps to catch and hold possible intruders. Use a
soap-flake solution to dislodge and suffocate persistent pests.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; A Mediterranean fruit fly

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday

Ruling won't affect Montana, union leaders say

BYLINE: Charles S. Johnson, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 479 words


July 02--HELENA -- Montana union leaders said Tuesday they foresee no immediate
impact in Montana from a U.S. Supreme Court decision that concluded certain
government employees don't have to pay fees to the unions representing them.

Their concern is whether the court's narrow decision Monday will become a
broader decision by the Roberts court down the road.

"It won't affect any of our folks," said Timm Twardoski, executive director of
Montana Council 9 of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal
Employees.. "We did dodge a bullet, but the guns are still pointed at us".

Eric Feaver, president of the MEA-MFT, agreed the ruling won't affect unions
here at this point.

"Who knows where this court will go?" Feaver said. "Folks in my national unions
said it's the first of other decisions to come. Is this a precedent-setting
event? I have no idea. Is this something the court could build on that public
unions couldn't use agency fees?"

Agency fees are paid by public employees who don't want to be union members and
pay dues. Instead, they pay a fee for the union representing them in
negotiations for pay and benefits.

Quinton Nyman, executive director of the Montana Public Employees Association,
concurred with his Montana union colleagues..

"I don't know that the Supreme Court decision has any real major impact on
Montana," he said. "I don't think we have similar scenarios as other states do
with those single employee public health workers."

In a written, 5-4 decision Monday, the Supreme Court ruled that home-health care
employees in Illinois, who are partial public employees paid with Medicaid
funds, cannot be forced to pay union dues. They can choose not to join a union
and not be compelled to pay dues to the labor organization under the ruling.

The court didn't extend the decision to all public-sector workers, which unions
feared might be the case.

However, the Los Angeles Times said the decision "practically invites the
National Right to Work Foundation, which brought the case, to bring additional
challenges that could apply the same legal reasoning to millions of other
workers."

Employees at a Montana workplace organized by a union don't have to pay full
union dues. Instead they pay a lower fee for the union representing them in
negotiations for wages and benefits, Feaver said.

"The fees will vary from employer to employer and is bargained in every
contract," Feaver said.

In some bargaining units, every employee belongs to a union, he said, while in
others, about half are dues-paying union members and the remaining members pay
the fee.

"It's a very narrow decision," Feaver said. "But the question people are asking
is does a narrow decision lead down the road to a more broad case."

___ (c)2014 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140702-BU-Ruling-won-t-affect-Montana-union-leaders-say-20140702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2014 The Montana Standard


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

What affects ethical behaviour?

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, April 4 -- Factors that affect ethical behaviour can be grouped under
different segments, such as personal, situational and organizational. The
factors under these segments do not affect everyone in the same way, plainly
because identifying what's ethical is differently perceived by individuals.

A major personal factor affecting ethical behaviour is one's moral values.
Lawrence Kohlberg, the originator of the modern moral development model, argues
that "people progress in moral reasoning through a hierarchy of stages; that
values and ethics are developed from the interaction between the person and the
environment; and that moral judgement is characterized according to how a person
reasons-structure-rather than according to what the person thinks". (Moral
Development, 2010).

These moral values are a deep set of beliefs cultivated from an early stage and
are extremely difficult to amend or change. These values are affected by one's
culture, religion, community laws and norms.

The learning one gets from these aspects are long lasting and it is what mainly
affects the actions one takes in behaving ethically and also to stand up against
unethical behaviour of others. These personal factors are the foundation stones
of integrity based ethical behaviour.

Situational factors such as stress and pressure for the day's work can also lead
individuals to behave unethically. The '2007 Deloitte and Touche USA LLP Ethics
and Workplace Survey' has found a strong link between worklife balance and
ethical behaviours at work. "Ninetyone percent of employed adults agreed that
staff members are more likely to make ethically acceptable decisions if they
have a good worklife balance". (Worklife balance affects ethical behaviour,
2009).

Orientation of the organization is also another factor affecting ethical
behaviour. Organizations can be human oriented, performance oriented or outcome
oriented. The orientation of a specific organization delivers the message what
aspects are appreciated in the organization.

If an organization is highly outcome oriented the employees may solely focus of
'getting things done' regardless of how it's done.

The law, be it corporate law or public law, affects ethical behaviour. Though
ethics is not black and white as the law is, it does affect compliance based
ethical behaviour where what's unethical is attempted to be eradicated.

Significant people at the organization can also affect ethical behaviour, since
they can act as role models for the subordinates. The organizational goals are
another factor affecting ethical behaviour. If the organization's goal is
getting the best returns to its shareholders, social responsibility might be
undermined in the persistence of organization's preferred goal.

It has always been debated whether gender plays a role in ethical behaviour and
if women are more ethical than men. However, Judy Rosener, a senior lecturer at
the California University and an expert in the area of workplace and gender says
that "gender issues don't believe women are inherently more or less ethical than
men, but it has to do with socialization". (Are women more ethical than men?,
July 2005). Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri
Lanka. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 24, 2011 Friday

Rexam deal affects Perrysburg staff

BYLINE: Sheena Harrison, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 282 words


June 24--Berry Plastics Corp. of Evansville, Ind., has acquired a division of
packaging company Rexam PLC for $360 million, a deal that will affect about 150
Rexam employees in Perrysburg.

The acquisition, expected to close in the third quarter, includes Rexam's
beverage and specialty closures business. London-based Rexam bought the segment
when it acquired Owens-Illinois Inc.'s plastics business in 2007 for $1.8
billion.

Greg Brooke, a spokesman with Rexam, said the acquisition will affect about 150
sales, managerial, and marketing employees in the company's Perrysburg technical
center, which has about 250 workers. He did not have information on Berry
Plastics' plan for those employees.

"The sale of the beverage and specialty closures business will strengthen our
business going forward and enable us to further focus on cost, capital returns,
and growth markets," Mr. Brooke said. "We will be using the proceeds of the sale
to pay down debt, further strengthening our balance sheet now and for the
future."

Representatives from Berry Plastics could not be reached for comment Thursday.

Rexam has 500 to 600 employees at facilities in Perrysburg, Fremont, Whitehouse,
and Berlin, Ohio, Mr. Brooke said. Only some of the Perrysburg employees were
involved with the Berry Plastics transaction.

Contact Sheena Harrison at: sharrison@theblade.com or 419-724-6103.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110624-TO-Rexam-deal-affects-Perrysburg-staff-0624-20110624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 26, 2002 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

CARDS SUFFER SWEEP;
 PHILADELPHIA GETS TO ISRINGHAUSEN WITH NINTH-INNING RALLY;
 PHILLIES 5, CARDINALS 3

BYLINE: Joe Strauss Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 951 words


Already handed a distasteful ending to a lost weekend, the Cardinals readied for
an eight-game trip Sunday afternoon unsure if they should pack for three days,
six days or whether their shrinking division lead would even matter when the
strike deadline arrives Aug. 30.

If anyone hadn't reflected upon it, the clubhouse bulletin board offered a
practical, if less-than-poetic reminder:

"We won't get 1/2 of the meal money. In case of strike!"

The Philadelphia Phillies sent the Cardinals to bed without supper Sunday
afternoon with a two-run, ninth-inning uprising against Jason Isringhausen (2-2)
in a 5-3 decision that could mark the season's final game at Busch Stadium. The
Cardinals closer took a game-losing single off his pitching hand as well as
absorbing damage for the second time in as many outings. For only the fourth
time this season, Isringhausen failed to complete an inning.

No one knows about the season.

"We're ready to walk," said reliever and player representative Steve Kline.
"We're union-strong. There's no turning back on the 30th."

Catcher Mike Matheny admitted to reflecting on the chance that there would be no
more baseball in St. Louis this season. "It affects a lot of people. It affects
the owners and the players. It affects the fans. It affects the state of this
game," he said. "But at this point, all we can do is give our input when
necessary and trust the fact that the two sides will get together."

"It's like everything else: you know it's coming," said Kline. "It's like when
you hear 'tornado' and then you hear the tornado warning."

To some, Friday seems a distant rumble. Others see it fast approaching.

"If we're not close, it's going to come quick," said center fielder Jim Edmonds.
"The worst thing that can happen is a non-agreement."

The Cardinals suffered their third series sweep of the season and their first
three-game sweep at home since May 2000 against the New York Mets as their
division lead dwindled to three games. The Cardinals lost two games off their
lead during the series before departing on -- strike deadline permitting -- a
run of eight games in six days.

The Phillies (64-65) had five baserunners against Isringhausen, who allowed the
go-ahead run on former Cardinal Placido Polanco's one-hopper back to the mound
before forcing home a second run with a two-out walk of Jeremy Giambi.

The sweep was especially sweet for Phillies manager Larry Bowa, who delighted in
beating the adopted team of his former third baseman, Scott Rolen. Upon being
traded to the Cardinals July 29, Rolen was quoted as saying he had "died and
gone to heaven."

Asked how he felt about his team's three wins, Bowa answered, "It was three days
in heaven for me. It was nice."

The Phillies reached Cardinals starter Luther Hackman for solo home runs in the
second and fourth innings. Second baseman Marlon Anderson drove Hackman's 0-2
pitch for the game's first run and left fielder Pat Burrell followed six hitters
later with his 33rd home run.

The Cardinals pushed eight runners into scoring position through four innings,
received four walks in the first five innings and forced starter Brett Myers
into the stretch for 18 of his first 24 hitters faced. However, Eli Marrero was
thrown out attempting to score from first base on Pujols' two-out single in the
first inning, denying the Cardinals a 1-0 lead and Pujols his 100th RBI.

The Cardinals tied the game with a two-run fourth inning fed by Anderson's
flubbed backhand on Edgar Renteria's one-out grounder. The extra out allowed
catcher Mike DiFelice to drive in Pujols with a sacrifice fly and Fernando Vina
to force home a run with a two-out, bases-loaded walk.

"He was just erratic enough that we couldn't center anything and snuck in some
good pitches," La Russa said.

The Phillies grabbed a 3-2 lead against reliever Gabe Molina in the fifth inning
on first baseman Travis Lee's two-out single to right field.

First base umpire Chuck Meriwether gave a stirring Don Denkinger impression to
help contain the Cardinals' seventh-inning rally. Following Vina's third single
and fourth consecutive time on base, pitcher Andy Benes was used as a
pinch-hitter to bunt for Rick White. Myers fumbled Benes' perfect sacrifice near
the first base line then let go a low throw that replays showed Benes beating by
almost a full step. Meriwether, however, called the lumbering batter out.

In the eighth, a magician's slide from Rolen, a piece of clutch hitting from an
All-Star bench player and a curious non-move by Bowa conspired to give the
Cardinals a 3-3 tie.

Rolen led off the inning against Carlos Silva (4-0) with a hit to left field.
Pushing for a double, he beat Burrell's throw by pulling back his left arm on a
headfirst slide. Anderson reached for the arm but ended up at Rolen's waist
after he had gained the bag with his right hand. Tino Martinez pushed Rolen to
third with a fly ball to deep center field. La Russa then summoned "gassed"
lefthanded-hitting Jim Edmonds, receiving a rare day off against a righthanded
starter, to pinch-hit against Silva.

Bowa could have intentionally walked Edmonds to reach Eduardo Perez or replaced
Silva with Mike Timlin, who had warmed for several hitters. After Bowa did
neither, Edmonds smacked Silva's 2-0 pitch to right field to score Rolen.

= = = =

ABOUT THE GAME

Placido Polanco hit the go-ahead single in the ninth inning to help the Phillies
complete their sweep of the Cardinals. Here is how Polanco has fared against his
former team since the trade.

AB 21

H 6

R 2

RBI 1

AVG. .286

K 1

= = = =

UP NEXT

Doubleheader Tuesday vs. Cincinnati

First game begins at 4:10 p.m

Both games are on Fox Sports Net

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: BASEBALL REPORT; Reporter Joe Strauss: E-mail: jstrauss@post-dispatch.com
Phone: 314-340-8371

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Color Photo headshot - (Steve Kline); (2) THE
ASSOCIATED PRESS Color Photo - Philadelphia's Placido Polanco singles in the
go-ahead run in the ninth inning Sunday as the Phillies defeated the Cardinals.;
(3) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo - Philadelphia's Jose Mesa got three outs to
complete a 5-3 victory over the Cardinals. He has 36 saves in 45 chances.; (4)
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo - Philadelphia catcher Todd Pratt puts the tag on the
Cardinals' Eli Marrero in a first-inning play at the plate. Marrero had tried to
score from first on a single by Albert Pujols.  GRAPHIC GRAPHICS; (5) Color
Graphic/Logo - (St. Louis Cardinals)

TYPE: GAME - BASEBALL/CARDS; PHILLIES 5, CARDINALS 3

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 6, 1989, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

DEBATE;
Allow right-to-die decisions, with care

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 466 words


In 1986, Joe and Joyce Cruzan made the agonizing choice to withdraw artificial
feeding from their daughter, Nancy, unconscious since a car accident in 1983.
They've been battling ever since to be allowed to act on that decision.

Today, the battle reaches the Supreme Court, which will decide whether a state
can require that an unconscious person be kept alive indefinitely even if family
members believe the patient would prefer to die.

What the court says will go far beyond Nancy Cruzan's Missouri hospital bed. The
ruling will affect up to 10,000 people in the USA in a vegetative state similar
to hers.

It will affect the 70% of us that the American Medical Association estimates
will someday face a decision on life-sustaining care. It will affect two of
every three doctors who say they've been involved in such decisions.

It will also affect thousands of other cases like -

- New Yorker Mary O'Connor, 77, who was conscious but mentally incompetent and
being fed through a tube. Her daughters insisted that she would not want to be
kept alive through artificial means, but state courts ordered that the
tube-feeding continue.

- Florida resident Estelle Browning, whose living will stated she did not want
intravenous feeding. For 2 1/2 years following a stroke, Browning lay paralyzed
and uncommunicative, fed through a tube.

- Michigan's David Rivlin, paralyzed by a swimming accident, who asked the
courts to disconnect the machines keeping him alive. A judge ruled in his favor.
He died.

Some are worried that the wrong decision by the Supreme Court will make it too
easy for others to decide that someone's life not worth living.

They worry that it could invite discrimination against the handicapped,
terminally ill and mentally disabled. They fear that doctors or guardians driven
by grief or greed could make final judgments too hastily.

Or, like the writer across the page, they worry that the line between causing
and allowing death will be blurred. They worry that withdrawing food forces even
an unconscious patient to suffer the pain of starvation.

These concerns are valid, but the conclusions are questionable. All these fears
should be considered, but it should still be possible to make a right-to-die
decision.

The answer is to have procedures in place to make sure these wrenching decisions
are humane and fair.

The suffering of people like Nancy Cruzan and her parents can be eased by
guidelines that protect against the wrong decision. Treatment decisions should
involve the patient's wishes, the family, physicians, hospital ethics
committees, and the courts.

Few of us feel qualified to make life-and-death decisions, but most of us will
face that dilemma someday.

When that day comes, we must choose with care. But we must be able to choose.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  b/w, David Seavey, USA TODAY (drawing, death figure standing over
person on life support)

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 1, 1996, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

Analyzing Wednesday's trades

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 777 words


USA TODAY baseball writer Mel Antonen looks at how Wednesday's
trades affect the teams involved:

BREWERS-PADRES TRADE

-- Who was involved: The Milwaukee Brewers trade OF Greg Vaughn
to the San Diego Padres for OF Marc Newfield, RHP Bryce Florie
and LHP Ron Villone.

-- How it affects the Brewers: Vaughn wanted to play his entire
career in Milwaukee, so it is sad to see him leave. Considering
the Brewers probably weren't going to be able to meet Vaughn's
salary request (three years, $ 18 million) after the season, they
received quality help. Even so, after the trade Brewers GM Sal
Bando said he might try to sign Vaughn as a free agent. Newfield
(.251-5-26) is a big, strong power hitter who has the potential
to put up Vaughn-type numbers as early as next season. Villone
(1-1, 2.95 ERA in 21 appearances) and Florie (2-2, 4.01 in 30
appearances) will help the Brewers' bullpen for their run at a
wild-card berth. It was frustrating for the Brewers, who have
a solid rotation, to lose in the late innings. Given that pitching
is a key to winning in August and September, maybe the Brewers
have a better chance.


-- How it affects the Padres: Because San Diego ranks last in
home runs in the NL, Vaughn's dangerous bat should be a big plus
in the Padres' lineup. Vaughn, who hit two home runs in his final
game in Milwaukee, will play right field alongside CF Steve Finley
and LF Rickey Henderson. The Padres' best hitter, Tony Gwynn,
was hitting .338 before he went on the disabled list with a minor
tear in his Achilles tendon. It is uncertain when he will return,
but when he does, Gwynn will play right and Vaughn (.280-31-95)
will move to left, the position he played with the Brewers. Henderson,
who has a good on-base percentage despite a low batting average,
will go to the bench.

MARINERS-PHILLIES TRADE

-- Who was involved: The Seattle Mariners acquire LHP Terry Mulholland
from the Philadelphia Phillies in exchange for minor league infielder
Desi Relaford.

-- How it affects the Mariners: Mulholland joins another lefty,
Jamie Moyer, in the Mariners' beefed-up rotation. Considering
that LHP Randy Johnson, who carried the Mariners last season,
might not be back until at least mid-August, the acquisition of
Mulholland is a good move. Manager Lou Piniella has been able
to keep the Mariners in contention despite an inexperienced pitching
staff, but Piniella is the first to say experience is critical
down the stretch. Mulholland is 8-7 with a 4.66 ERA -- a huge
improvement from last season when he was 5-13 with a 5.80 ERA
for San Francisco.

-- How it affects the Phillies: The Phillies are anchored in
last in the National League East and have the worst record in
the league, so it is time to start unloading and build for the
future. The Phillies have been unhappy with '93 hero Kevin Stocker,
so they will give Relaford a chance to win the shortstop job.
Relaford was stuck behind Alex Rodriguez in the Seattle organization.
Relaford has great range, plays good defense and can be a plus
for the Phillies, who made every player on their roster available
except Gregg Jefferies, who had a no-trade clause.

DODGERS-TIGERS TRADE

-- Who was involved: The Los Angeles Dodgers acquired CF Chad
Curtis from the Detroit Tigers in exchange for LHPs John Cummings
and Joey Eischen.

-- How it affects the Dodgers: Curtis, who wasn't making much
of an impression in Detroit, will give the Dodgers an upgrade
in their leadoff spot, something they've needed since Brett Butler
was sidelined with throat cancer. Perhaps a return to Southern
California -- he played his first three years with the Angels
-- will help Curtis. The Dodgers have tried Roger Cedeno, Wayne
Kirby and Chad Fonville at the leadoff spot, and Curtis is a step
up. The Dodgers can afford to give up left-handed pitching because
their bullpen still has lefties Mark Guthrie, one of the best
in the game, and Scott Radinsky and RHP Antonio Osuna from the
right side to get to their closer, RHP Todd Worrell. Also, RHP
Darren Dreifort will play a part in the Dodgers' bullpen.

-- How it affects the Tigers: The Tigers weren't happy with Curtis
and they think Kim Bartee, a prospect who had trouble developing
in the Baltimore and Minnesota organizations, has a chance to
be their regular CF. Bartee has great speed, but hasn't hit much.
But the Tigers have confidence in Bartee and that has helped.
Detroit's pitching is a mess, and although Eischen and Cummings
are marginal prospects, they will give the Tigers some new blood.
Cummings will start at Class AAA Toledo.


LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

Report: Sonar fish study may affect whales

BYLINE: Richard Gaines, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words


Jan. 20--The sonar-based technology that has shown promise in improving fish
stock assessment -- now on a fast track for $1.3 million in state funding that
could help solve the mystery of disappearing cod -- has also been found to
affect the behavior and singing of whales.

Humpback whales "sang less" and possibly swam away from the pings of the Ocean
Acoustic Waveguide Remote Sensing technology -- or OAWRS -- system during a 2006
test to find and quantify schools of pelagic fish in the nearby Stellwagen Bank
National Marine Sanctuary, according to a newly published research article in
PLoS One, for Public Library of Science One.

The study also found that the whales seemed to be reacting to the sonar sounds
at a far greater distance from the source -- roughly 120 miles.

That "anthropogenic" (man-made) sound affects aquatic animals, especially whales
which communicate or sing across vast expanses of water is a heavily researched,
disputed and litigated problem, according to the study, and U.S. Navy sonar has
been linked to strandings, with one case going to the U.S. Supreme Court.

However, the authors -- Denise Risch, Peter J. Corkeron, William T. Ellison and
Sofie M. Van Parijs -- limited their report to the finding that whales stopped
singing when hearing the sonar sounds that somewhat resembled their singing.
Risch is at Integrated Statistics, Woods Hole, a private company and government
contractor; Ellison is from Marine Acoustics Inc, of Middletown, R.I., and
Corkeron and Van Parijs are based at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration Science Center at Woods Hole.

"The suitability of Ocean Acoustic Waveguide Remote Sensing technology for
long-term monitoring of marine ecosystems should be considered, bearing in mind
its possible effects on non-target species, in particular protected species,"
the authors wrote.

The article was received by PLoS One last July and published last week -- days
before the Massachusetts House Ways and Means Committee brought to the floor a
$131 million supplemental budget that included $1.3 million for a sonar
assessment of groundfish, specifically Gulf of Maine cod.

The Senate on Thursday gave initial approval to the budget, and the $1.3 million
for sonar fish assessment.

State Rep. Ann-Margaret Ferrante, a Gloucester Democrat, has been a leading
promoter of the OAWRS technology as an improvement on the traditional approach
used by NOAA's National Marine Fisheries Service which involves a combination of
trawl survey results and landings' data filtered for size (age) of the stock in
question.

The entire fishing community -- at all three levels of government and across
various segments of stakeholders -- have expressed dire concerns about a 2011
assessment of the inshore Gulf of Maine stock of the pre-eminent fish in the New
England groundfishery.

Contradicting a benchmark assessment from 2008 which showed the cod recovering
rapidly from overfishing, the recent assessment, now undergoing final peer
review and pending publication next Wednesday, could result in draconian cuts in
cod catch limits that many say will threaten the industry.

The rosy picture drawn in 2008 has been replaced by dreary figures that suggest
that, if fishing was halted immediately, the stock could not be brought to
sustainability by 2014, the rebuilding deadline set by NOAA, acting under
mandates written into the Magnuson-Stevens Act.

In a crisis atmosphere, the Obama administration has organized a "cross-agency"
effort to find a solution to the cod crisis, which has the potential to pit
hard-line environmental elements, veterans of the 2008 Obama coalition, against
the fishing communities of the New England coastline and their elected allies.

In a release Tuesday, NOAA Fisheries listed the upcoming venues for discussion
of the problem leading up to the Feb. 1 session of the regional management
council meeting in Portsmouth, N.H. There, the council "will discuss a course of
action for Gulf of Maine and possibly request that NOAA Fisheries take emergency
action for the 2012 fishing year." For information on the hearings, please visit
http://www.nero.noaa.gov/nero/hotnews/gomcod/

Any application of sonar technology in inshore waters would face possible
lawsuits and requirements for federal environmental impact studies. Moreover,
there is no certainly that the OAWRS technology can be as good at defining
shoals of groundfish that include the pivotal cod along with haddock, hake and
flounders as it is with pelagics -- the mid-water swimming herring, on which
OAWRS reputation is built.

Richard Gaines can be reached a 978-283-7000 x3464, or at
rgaines@gloucestertimes.com

___ (c)2012 the Gloucester Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) Visit the Gloucester
Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) at www.gloucestertimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120120-GS-Report-Sonar-fish-study-may-affect-whales-0120-20120120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                     Copyright 2012 Gloucester Daily Times


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 26, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Mother's Stress May Affect Fetus;
Mental Health Problems Linked to Premature Births, Low Birth Weights

BYLINE: Patricia McAdams, Health Behavior News Service

SECTION: Health; F05

LENGTH: 462 words


Fetuses of mothers who show high rates of depression, anxiety and stress weigh
less and are smaller than average at midterm, according to a recent study from
the University of Miami School of Medicine.

Psychobiologist Miguel Diego and colleagues found that the stress hormone
cortisol seems to be one potential mechanism for transmitting a mother's stress
to her unborn baby.

"Maternal distress is accompanied by biochemical changes, such as increased
cortisol, that can both directly and indirectly affect the fetus," Diego said.
"Cortisol can directly cross through the placenta into the fetus, which could
affect fetal development."

The study, published in the September-October issue of Psychosomatic Medicine,
may shed light on previous findings that women with prenatal depression, anxiety
or stress are more likely to deliver premature and low-birth-weight babies.

Cortisol "can also affect the mother's vascular function, thereby reducing blood
flow to the fetus, which could affect fetal growth by diminishing the amount of
oxygen and nutrients that are delivered," Diego said.

Ninety-eight women, between 16 and 29 weeks pregnant, took part in the study.
They were recruited from the prenatal clinic of the University of Miami Hospital
and were predominantly of lower socioeconomic status.

The mothers completed questionnaires that measured overall levels of distress
from daily hassles, depression and anxiety. Researchers used clinical ultrasound
for fetal measurements and monitored levels of the hormones cortisol and
norepinephrine in urine samples.

After analyzing the effects of demographics, maternal distress and hormonal
levels, "prenatal cortisol was the only significant predictor of fetal weight,"
the researchers found.

Diego said that the mother-fetal interaction is very well protected in most
instances. It is only extreme levels of depression and anxiety that can affect
the fetus.

"One of the things this research highlights is that if you are pregnant and
under extreme amounts of stress or feeling depressed, you should talk with your
doctor about ways of treating these conditions during pregnancy," Diego said.

Larry Gray, a pediatrician at the University of Chicago Comer Children's
Hospital, said that Diego and his colleagues are at the frontier of trying to
understand how a mother's mental health or state of mind affects her baby. Gray
was not involved with the study.

"This association has been known clinically," Gray said, "but this is the first
study where one has looked at a mother's altered cortisol patterns before birth
and how that affects the baby before it is born."

The researchers received support from the March of Dimes, the National
Institutes of Health and the Johnson & Johnson Pediatric Institute.*

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            March 20, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Teens learn budget cuts affect them

BYLINE: LINDA TRIMBLE - EDUCATION WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


DAYTONA BEACH -- Teenagers whose immediate priority is paying for prom got an
eye-opening look at some of the financial troubles facing Volusia County
government and service agencies as part of this year's Tomorrow's Leaders
program.

I knew there were cuts being made, but I didn't know why or how," said Sterling
Powell, a DeLand High junior who spoke at Wednesday's graduation ceremony for
the leadership development program sponsored by Futures Foundation for Volusia
County schools.

Powell hadn't thought much before about how the slumping economy, which has led
to lower- than-expected tax collections and budget cuts at all levels of
government, affects teenagers.

You would think it affects adults," Powell said. "If it affects our parents,
it's going to affect us."

Powell chaired a student committee on economic development issues, while other
groups studied mental health, criminal justice and education. At Wednesday's
program at the Daytona 500 Experience, they presented information on how
financial woes have affected those areas and suggested ways to cut expenses.

Money is important, but until I did this, I didn't realize how important," said
Victoria Shambach of Mainland High School, who was chairwoman of the education
group.

Several students said they gained new respect for the adults who have to make
tough decisions every day about budgets by going through the mock cost-cutting
exercise.

Seabreeze High junior Sarah Hart said she has a better understanding now of the
decision to convert all Volusia high schools to a seven-period day next year to
save money on teachers. Seven of the nine high schools now have block schedules
with four periods a day that are more expensive to operate.

I was mad. I love block," Sarah said in an interview after the graduation
program. Through Tomorrow's Leaders, she learned more about the reasons for the
decision and came to realize school officials had to balance the interests of
all students against those who didn't want to change schedules.

Among the students' suggestions for coping with the hard economic times
were:*Establishing a work release program for County Jail inmates nearing theof
their sentences, placing them in day jobs in the community and charging them a
$25 weekly fee to sleep in the jail at night.*Recruiting Baby Boomer volunteers
or college student interns to do some of the clerical work in the county
corrections department.*Freezing work on some school construction projects and
giving the School Board more flexibility to transfer money between its
construction and operating budgets, which would require state approval.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: "Money is important, but until I did this, I didn't
realize how important." Victoria Shambach Photo 2: "If it affects our parents,
it's going to affect us." Sterling Powell

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2008 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2008 News-Journal Corporation


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             June 12, 2010 Saturday

Conference shifts: UTEP waits on other schools to learn its fate in realignment

BYLINE: By Bill Knight \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 621 words


EL PASO -- With teams pushing and shoving for Big Ten and Pac-10 lifeboats, the
Big 12 must feel like the Titanic.

Each day, another domino seems to fall, and the lifeboats get more and more
crowded. It is almost inevitable that the incredible change of events in the
college football landscape will filter down to El Paso.

It almost certainly will affect the Sun Bowl, and it could affect UTEP and
Conference USA.

"It has to affect us," Sun Bowl executive director Bernie Olivas said. "I've
been thinking about it and looking at it, and it has to affect us. If the Big 12
ceases to exist ... well, obviously it will affect the bowls who have contracts
with them -- the Cotton Bowl, the Alamo Bowl and the Insight Bowl. But we have a
contract with the Pac-10 for four more years where we get the third pick after
the BCS team. We have the third pick in the ACC on the other side.

"But if the Big 12 South division goes to the Pac-10 and Nebraska is already
going to the Big Ten, that changes everything," Olivas said. "Those three bowls
(Cotton, Alamo and Insight) pay more than we do. So, obviously, it is going to
affect somebody."

At this point, Nebraska has applied for admission to the Big Ten and will get
in. Colorado already has bolted from the Big 12 and has been accepted by the
Pac-10. Boise State is moving from the Western Athletic Conference to the
Mountain West Conference.

Many predict that most of the Big 12 South will join Colorado in the Pac-10 --
Texas, Texas A&M, Texas Tech, Oklahoma and Oklahoma State. There has been some
late speculation that A&M might be more interested in the Southeastern
Conference.

But there are even more possibilities.

"There has been talk that the Big Ten will expand to 16 teams, taking teams from
the Big East," Olivas said. "There is talk of the ACC taking some other Big East
schools. There is talk of the SEC taking Florida State and Miami. It's a
whirlwind of possibilities."

On Friday, University of Texas regents announced they will have a meeting
Tuesday to decide whether the Longhorns will remain in the Big 12 or switch to
another conference.

UTEP athletic director Bob Stull, a former college football player and coach,
put it in that vernacular: "Keep your head on a swivel and keep your feet
moving."

"We're all thinking that anything is possible right now," Stull said. "If it
continues going like it appears to be going, we are talking major realignment.
It will be a challenge for some conferences, an opportunity for others. Of
course, nobody can know until the Big Ten and Pac-10 and Big 12 finish. Then all
the others can see how they will be affected."

Stull noted that so much of the talk is just that -- talk, rumors and
speculation.

"But truths are truths," Stull said. "So far, we've got Nebraska to the Big Ten,
Colorado to the Pac-10 and Boise to the Mountain West, and it looks like the
other movement is going to happen. Until it all unfolds, everybody will be
watching very carefully. Conference USA has been good. But I'm sure they will be
looking at schools to add. I'm sure everybody is."

At this point, there appears to be no room in the lifeboats for Kansas, Kansas
State, Iowa State and Baylor -- and, who knows, maybe Missouri. Baylor has been
campaigning to go with its Texas brethren.

If Texas A&M opts for the SEC, then Baylor is hoping to fill that spot in the
boat. But other speculation has the Pac-10 favoring Kansas or maybe even Utah
over Baylor.

The speculation goes on and the movement is beginning to happen.

Olivas said, "It has to affect us. There will have to be new bowl contracts."

And, laughing, Stull said, "Like I said, keep your head on a swivel and keep
your feet moving."

Bill Knight may be reached at bknight@elpasotimes.com; 546-6171.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Piedmont: Speaker gives frank talk on marijuana's impact on teens

BYLINE: By Laura Casey, Correspondent

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 736 words


PIEDMONT -- Marijuana changes the teenage brain and causes difficulty with
memory and problem-solving among other effects, a psychology Ph.D. and
registered addiction specialist told a packed house of parents and teachers at
the Piedmont Education Speaker Series.

"How marijuana affects teenage brains is very, very different from how it
affects adults," Abby Medcalf said during her 90-minute presentation at Piedmont
High School on March 24. The drug affects the frontal lobes and executive
thinking, inhibits the growth of myelin around neurons, affects memory,
contributes to an abnormal shape of the hippocampus and changes the functions of
the cerebellum, which controls coordination, balance and cognition, she said.

The drug can also make students unable to read normal social cues and increases
the risk of developing dependency and psychotic symptoms, according to Medcalf.

"Teens' brains are made for learning, getting 'out of the cave' and for
experiencing things," Medcalf said. "Pot inhibits the brain's functions and can
stunt learning."

Recent studies have shown that the brain is not fully developed until age 28,
she said, and a single use of marijuana shows cognitive deficits days later in
teenage brains. Adults who smoke the same dose will return to their cognitive
baseline much faster.

Medcalf said she was an addict herself and she now works at a Berkeley nonprofit
drug and alcohol treatment facility. With 25 years of experience in the mental
health and addiction field, she is confident that marijuana isn't the harmless
drug many teens make it out to be.

Medcalf began the lecture by telling parents that the majority of high school
seniors don't think occasional use of marijuana is harmful and that 45 percent
of Piedmont High School 11th-grade students do not believe that it's bad for
their health. But teens did 18 percent worse on long-term memory tests after
using the drug and IQ points dropped by 6 to 8 points, according to a 2012 Duke
University IQ study, she said.

She then went through a large number of statistics and random facts about
marijuana. She said that teens who use marijuana increase the chances of them
and even their offspring becoming addicts and said the risk of dependency on
marijuana in general is one in 10 and for teens is one in six.

Medcalf also got political during her talk, saying that America is going to
start seeing a storm of problems from Colorado and Washington state's
legalization of marijuana, noting that infant and children admissions to the ER
have gone up significantly since the drug was legalized in Colorado. She said
that if the drug becomes legal, there will unquestionably be more deaths
associated with it, saying that alcohol is currently more deadly because there's
more of it. She also said that no medical marijuana patient has ever seen an
improvement in their lives since receiving a medical marijuana license.

Her lecture also emphasized to parents that early alcohol use in teens is
negative, even in religious or cultural contexts. She said that the first sips
of alcohol should be delayed as long as possible.

"What we know is this: 'The younger to start even once, the greater the chance
to become an addict,'" she said. "You want to delay. You don't want to use
'never.' Your job is 'Not on my watch.'"

Medcalf told parents they can get their teens to "just say no" to marijuana by
telling them often that smoking or otherwise ingesting marijuana is not OK,
unacceptable in the household and can bring punishment.

"Repetition is the mother of your job," she said. "That is the only thing they
say works. You don't want to tell your kids to not smoke pot, you want to talk
about it today, tonight, tomorrow and tomorrow night. You're branding on your
children's brain, imprinting if you will."

To get teens to reject drugs and alcohol, they need to be interested and thrive
in other activities, she said. Help or encourage them to master the guitar,
water colors, swimming or soccer.

"What you want to focus on with your children is mastery, persistence and
overcoming obstacles which builds their self-esteem," she said. "Self-esteem is
the side-effect of mastery."

Medcalf's talk was the sixth and last in the 2014-15 Education Speaker Series,
presented by the Piedmont Unified School District with the support of Associated
Parent Clubs of Piedmont, Piedmont Educational Foundation, Piedmont Parents
Network and individual donors.---

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Abby Metcalf speaks before a packed crowd on the topic of marijuana's
affects on the teenage brain at Piedmont High School on March 24. Metcalf's
appearance was part of the Piedmont Education Speaker Series.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Loss of Vermont Yankee may not affect region's power supply, officials say

BYLINE: Meghan Foley, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1170 words


Aug. 29--VERNON, Vt. -- The loss of a nuclear power plant that once provided
Vermont with one-third of its electricity won't affect the region's power
supply, according to energy officials.

During the past 41 years, the Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Station has produced
an average of 650 megawatt hours per hour to help the New England region meet
its energy needs, according to company officials. That contribution is expected
to end late next year when the owner of the power plant, Entergy Corp., plans to
close it down.

Following Entergy's Monday announcement of the pending shutdown, ISO New
England, which operates the region's high-voltage power grid and administers its
wholesale electricity market, issued a statement saying the closure won't cause
a shortage of electricity in the region. The region covers the states of
Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont.

Marcia C. Blomberg, a spokeswoman for ISO New England, said she couldn't
speculate whether the closure of Vermont Yankee would affect electricity rates.

Mary Powell, president and chief executive officer of Green Mountain Power
Corp., also released a statement, saying the utility company hadn't bought
electricity from Vermont Yankee since March 2012.

"Entergy's decision to close the plant for financial reasons will not affect GMP
customers," she said.

Green Mountain Power distributes electricity to about 75 percent of residences,
business and institutions in Vermont.

While the company no longer buys power from Vermont Yankee, Green Mountain Power
customers likely receive some electricity generated from the plant because of
how the New England power grid is designed.

There are more than 350 sources that generate electricity for the New England
power grid, Blomberg said Wednesday.

For example, imagine the regional power grid as a swimming pool.

Vermont Yankee is one of many hoses feeding water into that pool. The water in
the hose represents electricity being produced by Vermont Yankee.

When the water flows into the pool, it mixes with water flowing out of the other
hoses, which represent other electricity generators. When some of the water is
transferred to a smaller pool, it's impossible to determine which hose it came
from.

"Electricity is a little bit like water," Blomberg said. "Once it gets into the
pipeline, there is no distinguishing where it came from."

ISO New England's pool is more than 8,000 miles of high-voltage transmission
lines the company operates, she said.

Lacey P. Ryan, another ISO New England spokeswoman, said electricity tends to
take the path of least resistance, and goes to the closest source demanding it.

"It's likely that some of VY's power is flowing into Vermont, and it also could
be flowing into other states," she said.

Vermont Yankee sends all its electricity to ISO New England, said Robert O.
Williams, a spokesman for Entergy Vermont Yankee. Public utility companies then
use electricity from the ISO grid to supply their customers.

ISO New England officials studied the reliability of the region's power grid for
more than four years, according to the statement they released Tuesday. While
earlier studies showed the loss of Vermont Yankee could affect the grid, the
most recent study conducted in 2012 found that wasn't the case, and the power
grid could operate reliably without the facility, according to the statement.

"This was due to new system conditions including the development of some new
resources ... completion of some previously planned transmission upgrades; and
the demand-reducing effects of energy-efficient measures," company officials
said in the statement.

Based on the sources providing electricity to the New England power grid, ISO
New England determined nuclear fuel accounted for 31 percent of the energy
produced in the region in 2012, according to its regional profile. Natural gas
made up 52 percent of the electricity generated in the region, while renewable
fuel made up 7 percent. Hydropower produced 6 percent of the region's energy,
coal accounted for 3 percent, pumped storage made up 1 percent, and oil provided
for less than 1 percent, according to the profile.

One way companies producing electricity for the power grid make their money is
through contracts with public utility firms. A public utility will agree to pay
the company for a certain amount of power that source produces.

Dorothy Schnure, spokeswoman for Green Mountain Power, said since the company's
contract ended with Vermont Yankee, it pays Millstone Nuclear Power Station in
Connecticut for electricity equal to 4 percent of the energy Green Mountain
provides its customers. It also pays Seabrook Station Nuclear Power Plant in New
Hampshire for 3 percent of the energy used by its customers, she said.

"The financial transactions utilities have with generators is where the money
flows," she said. Once a transaction is made, the amount of electricity
purchased is siphoned off from the power grid.

To make sure power plants and other producers aren't making less energy than
what utilities are paying for, both ISO New England and the producer keeps track
how much energy that source is producing, said Christopher Recchia, commissioner
for the Vermont Department of Public Service.

Entergy officials said one of the factors influencing their decision to close
Vermont Yankee was the decreasing price of natural gas.

Richard A. Watts, director of the Center for Research on Vermont at the
University of Vermont, said Wednesday the cheapest energy gets picked up first
in the wholesale energy market, and nowadays, that isn't nuclear energy, which
is expensive to produce.

Add to that that many of the nuclear power plants are old, and nuclear power has
faced grassroots opposition for many years, he said. The result is an uncertain
future for the energy source, he said.

As for natural gas prices, or any fossil fuel for that matter, Recchia said he
doesn't think the price is being accurately represented by the market price.

"First of all, there are a lot of subsidies nationally for the oil and gas
industries," he said.

In addition, he doesn't believe the full cost of fracking is being properly
reflected in the natural gas prices, he said.

Fracking involves shattering underground rock formations to unlock oil and
natural gas trapped inside them. It's done by injecting a large volume of water
mixed with sand and chemicals into the ground at high pressure. The practice has
led to a natural gas boom in recent years, and generated controversy over
concern it could contaminate drinking water supplies.

Nationally, natural gas prices are likely to stay low for the "foreseeable
future," which is going to make it hard for not only nuclear energy to compete,
but other energy sources, Recchia said.

Meghan Foley can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1436, or
mfoley@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MFoleyKS.

___ (c)2013 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130829-KN-HLT-Loss-of-Vermont-Yankee-may-not-affect
-region-s-power-supply-officials-say-0829-20130829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2013


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           January 19, 2013 Saturday

Getting bigger Despite tough times, Berkshire Bank expands

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1113 words


Sunday January 20, 2013

PITTSFIELD -- Despite a lagging economic recovery and added banking regulations
designed to curb the kinds of risky lending practices that spurred the 2008
recession, Berkshire Bank, the county's largest, has grown substantially the
last two years by expanding into central New York state, the outer Boston area,
even north central Connecticut.

Last November, that growth led
to its stock being listed on the New York Stock Exchange for the
frst time.

Last week, President and CEO Michael P. Daly, who on Jan. 1 became chairman of
the bank's holding company, Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc., sat down with The
Eagle to discuss where the county's economy is headed, the banking industry in
general, and Berkshire Bank's plans for the coming year.

Q: A lot of economists are predicting slow growth in 2013. What's your take on
what will happen in the Berkshires?

A: I think that there will continue to be growth. I don't think it will be
enormous growth. I'm optimistic that there will be opportunities for companies.

But these are changing times. I think you have to be willing to change your
business model as often as possible to maintain the type of growth you've seen
in the past. I think there will be a disproportionate level of growth for
different industries and companies.

Q: How does the political situation in Washington affect the banking industry in
particular?

A: It affects the banking industry in this way: Regulation is always a good
thing, but overregulating and underregulating are both a recipe for problems.

As we continue to see overregulation, the smaller banks are the ones that bear
the brunt of that.

Frankly, it's counterintuitive to what we hear. What we hear is that stronger
regulation will prevent many of these large banks from creating issues [abuses]
again.

But what has happened is that the large banks can handle the cost of regulation.
And it has had the unintended consequence of having an impact on the smaller
community banks.

Q: How does it affect community banks?

A: It affects them in the cost of doing business. The more regulation that gets
pushed down on a $500-million or $200-million or a
$1-billion bank, the more costly it is for them to do business. When they have
to absorb those kinds of costs, the more difficult it is for them to compete.
And, I think that's problematic.

Q: What needs to be done to loosen that up a little bit -- less regulation?

A: Smarter regulation. If you look at some of the regulatory overreach that
occurs in the banking industry today, you can't have the same regulatory
oversight required of J.P. Morgan as you do a $300 million community bank. And
the $300 million community bank isn't conducting themselves in a way that
creates risk to the degree that J.P. Morgan or Citibank does.

So smarter regulation would mean using more common sense, and requiring less of
community banks that aren't involved in the type of derivative financing or
risky type loans that the larger banks are involved in.

Q: How does this situation affect Berkshire Bank?

A: Again, it affects all banks. But it will
affect banks under $1 billion and banks over $10 billion more than it will banks
that are $2, $3 $4 to $10 billion, because they have the ability to be more
cost-effective, spread the cost around, create efficiencies.

Q: Berkshire Bank has assets of $5.5 billion. I know you've expanded a lot over
the last three or four years. Was this expansion by design so you wouldn't get
caught up in this?

A: I think people in the industry have known for some time that there was a size
that was necessary in order to survive in a different economy. And so we knew
that we either had to grow to a point where we could afford to create different
revenue streams, and hire the massive amounts of people that are necessary to
manage the regulatory area.

And we also knew that diversifying into other regions, not unlike Berkshire
County, would give us more growth.

Fortunately, we're now at a size, it's a compelling size, for New England and
other areas of the Northeast. There's only about six other banks that are in
this size range.

Q: What does being in this range position you for?

A: It gives us the ability to continue to hire the best and the brightest people
from around the country. People will move here to work for an organization that
has some momentum and an upside.

And because our stock does well it gives us an opportunity to partner with other
banks that don't have those advantages.

Q: I know you're not going to tell me your trade secrets, but do you think there
will be more Berkshire Bank expansion this year?

A: Partnerships and acquisitions will continue to be part of our strategy. We're
never aggressive about buying other banks.

We look to develop relationships with other CEOs, who believe their
shareholders, and our shareholders can do better collectively than they can do
individually.

When those situations arise we will take advantage of them. It will all depends
on the economics.

Q: Has the culture at Berkshire Bank changed since the bank has gotten larger? I
hear things like Berkshire isn't as friendly as it used to be. What would you
say to people who say that?

A: I'd say that we do more business than any bank in the Berkshires. We have
more customers. We have a great number of very satisfied customers.

That doesn't happen by accident. The bigger we get the more we give back to this
community.

We're a Pittsfield-based, $5.5 billion company that has never forgotten where it
started. So I think that's not the reality. It's talk. And we continue to grow
our customer base here in the Berkshires.

Q: Berkshire has expanded to the west, the east and the south over the past few
years. If the bank decided to expand again, what area would you consider?

A: We've made our strategy pretty clear publicly that it's New England and New
York opportunities. We'll look at opportunities in various areas of New England
and New York.

You can never pinpoint where you're next deal is going to come because deals
come for a variety of reasons.

Q: But New England and New York are where you want to be?

A: Yes. There's a lot of opportunity.

Q: You're not going to say Ohio or Pennsylvania?

A:
No.

Q: Why did you decide to list your stock on the New York Stock Exchange?

A: We've grown to a size where the New York Stock Exchange exposure gives us
access to a greater number of potential investors.

We receive inquiries from many investors. These investors became more frequent.
And the New York Stock Exchange had a larger reach for us. So the time was right
to move to the New York Stock Exchange and be listed with more successful
companies.

To reach Tony Dobrowolski:
TDobrowolski@berkshireeagle.com
(413) 496-6224

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Commercial-News (Danville, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Illini face difficult task

BYLINE: Chad Dare, Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1059 words


Nov. 18--PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Does this sound like a bad combination?

Illinois men's basketball coach John Groce is worried the most about his team's
defense after games against North Florida and North Dakota State.

Next up on the Fighting Illini schedule, a matchup with the Providence Friars
led by All-American guard Kris Dunn, who scored 32 points in a season opening
win over Harvard.

"They are really, really good,'' said Groce during a teleconference on Tuesday.

And what about Dunn, who averaged 15.6 points, 7.5 assists and 2.7 steals per
game last year for the Friars, who went 22-12, making the NCAA Tournament as an
at-large selections?

"He was a potentially a lottery pick last year, he turned it down for an
opportunity to come back to school and make an impact on his program and team,''
Groce said. "He affects the game at both ends of the floor.

"He is so well rounded. He can hit from long range. He is great at getting in
the paint. He draws fouls. He is a good rebounder for a point guard. They post
him, which is unique for a point guard. He affects the game on the defensive
end, he affects the game on the backboard, and he affects the game on the
offensive end. That's why he is the preseason National Player of the Year.''

Groce went on to compare him to North Florida point guard Dallas Moore, who had
26 points and 10 assists in the Ospreys 83-71 victory over the Illini last
Friday in Springfield.

"He is a terrific talent,'' Groce said. "He is unselfish. He can really pass.

"He is a load to deal with at that position.''

Groce didn't reveal how Illinois is going to try to match up with Dunn.

And while that is a bigger concern, the Illinois coach is actually concerned
with all facets of his team's defense after allowing an average of 83.5 points
in games against North Florida and North Dakota State.

"Right now from a habit standpoint, defensively, we got tested heavily over the
weekend by two really good shooting teams,'' Groce said. "They were two veteran
teams that returned a ton of NCAA Tournament appearances.

"We knew it would be a challenging weekend when we scheduled it.''

But there was no way that Groce could have expected that Illinois would play
without guard Tracy Abrams and guard Kendrick Nunn for both games. Then the
Illini lost guard Jaylon Tate in the first half of Friday's game and forward
Leron Black just returned to action on Sunday for 15 minutes.

"Some of those guys got thrust into situations, especially on the defensive end
that are new for them,'' said Groce about freshmen Aaron Jordan, D.J. Williams
and Jalen Coleman-Lands. "I think in the long term it will good for us. If we
can stay the course and get a little better every day on that end of the floor.

"We are playing, obviously, a lot of newcomers and young guys.''

Seven players made their Illini debuts over the weekend and center Mike Thorne
Jr., a graduate senior, has definitely looked the part for Illinois. The
transfer from Charlotte is averaging 23.0 points and 11.0 rebounds a game.

"I like what we are doing right now offensively,'' said Groce, who is also
getting 16.5 points per game from Malcolm Hill, 10.5 from Jordan and 10.0 from
Coleman Lands. "We can certainly fine tune some things.

"We played inside-out. I thought our front court was terrific on Sunday.''

Tonight's game at the Dunkin' Donuts Center will be the first real road game for
Illinois, who will not play an actual home game at the State Farm Center until
Dec. 2 against Notre Dame.

"The guys have made light of it, that we have an NBA travel schedule for the
month of November,'' said Groce, whose team played four games in Europe in
August, an scrimmage against Xavier and three straight contests at the Prairie
Capital Convention Center in Springfield. "We will end up playing our first 13
games (Europe trip and exhibitions included) away from the State Farm Center.

"It will make us a little tougher a little more seasoned, a little more gritty
in situations moving forward.''

On the injury front, Groce said that Black looked good on Sunday and he is
making progress, but Tate remains day-to-day.

"I don't expect to have him (tonight),'' he said.

The Illinois game with Providence is one of eight in the Gavitt Tipoff Classic
pairing the Big Ten against the Big East. On Tuesday night, Penn State and
Maryland picked up wins for the Big Ten; while Villanova got a victory for the
Big East.

Tonight's game will be shown on Fox Sports 1, while it can be heard locally on
WDAN-AM 1490 and WDNL-FM 102.1.

Game 3

Illinois Fighting Illini vs. Providence Friars

Site -- Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence, R.I.

When -- 6 p.m. tonight

Records -- Illinois 1-1 overall; Providence 1-0 overall.

Rankings -- neither team is rated in the Associated Press Top 25 poll.

Television -- Fox Sports 1

Radio -- Fighting Illini Sports Network with Brian Barnhart and Jerry Hester.
Local stations include WDAN-AM 1490 and WDNL-FM 102.1.

Previous results -- Providence is 2-0 against Illinois with the Friars beating
the Illini 70-51 at Madison Square Garden on Dec. 9, 2003 in the last meeting
between the programs.

Last games -- Illinois rallied to beat North Dakota State 80-74 on Sunday in
Springfield; while Providence opened its season with a 76-64 triumph over
Harvard on Saturday.

Up next -- The Illini return the Prairie Capital Convention Center in
Springfield on Saturday as Illinois will host Chattanooga in a 7:30 p.m.
contest; the Friars will host Brown on Saturday.

Starting lineups -- Illinois: G Khalid Lewis, 6-3, graduate senior; G Aaron
Jordan, 6-5, freshman; G Alex Austin, 6-4, junior; G Malcolm Hill 6-6, junior; C
Mike Thorne Jr., 6-11, graduate senior. Providence: G Kris Dunn, 6-4, junior; G
Junior Lomomba, 6-5, junior; G Ryan Fazekas, 6-8, freshman; F Ben Bentil, 6-9,
sophomore; F Rodney Bullock, 6-8, sophomore.

STATISTICAL LEADERS

Scoring -- Illinois: Thorne 23.0, Hill 16.5, Jordan 10.5, Jalen Coleman-Lands
10.0. Providence: Dunn 32.0, Bullock 20.0, Fazekas 10.0, Bentil 8.0

Rebounding -- Illinois: Thorne 11.0, Hill 7.0, Black 5.0. Providence: Bentil
11.0, Dunn 6.0, Bullock 6.0, Quadree Smith 5.0.

Assists -- Illinois: Hill 5.0, Jordan 2.5, Lewis 2.0. Providence: Dunn 5.0,
Kyron Cartwright 4.0, Bentil 3.0.

___ (c)2015 the Commercial-News (Danville, Ill.) Visit the Commercial-News
(Danville, Ill.) at www.commercial-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151118-DQ-Illini-face-difficult-task-1118-20151118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DQ


                         Copyright 2015 Commercial-News


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 13, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

The power of emotions Personality has effect on AIDS

BYLINE: Marilyn Elias

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: MONTEREY, Calif.

<>
Scientists presented new research on physical and mental health
at the American Psychosomatic Society meeting in Monterey, Calif.,
over the weekend.
<>
<>
These stories by USA TODAY's Marilyn Elias cover some of the findings
discussed at the meeting. Topics included how stress, personality
and support affect the progression of HIV infection to AIDS, how
stress plays a role in susceptibility to the common cold, and
how marriage affects one's blood pressure.
<>


MONTEREY, Calif. -- The progression of HIV infection to AIDS can
be sped up or delayed by a patient's personality, level of stress
and social support, scientists reported.

In recent years, evidence has mounted that behavior can affect
the course of HIV, suggesting stress relief and support groups
should become part of standard treatment "to facilitate better
health and less disease progression," says Margaret Kemeny of
UCLA.

One of the longest studies on how personality and lifestyle affect
HIV-positive men has followed 96 men, initially symptom-free,
for nine years.

Men who suffer a lot of stress, have high anger levels and feel
less satisfied with support from others develop AIDS the quickest,
says study leader Jane Leserman of the University of North Carolina-Chapel
Hill.

For example, HIV-positive men who experienced a very stressful
event about every six months had twice the rate of developing
AIDS as men without such stress.

Also linked to accelerated disease progression: anger, depression
and above-average blood pressure, Leserman says.

In another report on 140 HIV-positive patients, when people with
hostile personalities confronted distressing events, their immune
systems weakened, says Gail Ironson of the University of Miami,
the senior author of the one-year study.

But there is some good news. Immune cell studies showed positive
effects in those who were spiritual or religious, took an optimistic
view of life, had disclosed they were gay, enjoyed social support
and had collaborative relationships with their doctors.

The findings suggest doctors should pay more attention to AIDS
patients' stress levels "and the buffers of stress, such as spirituality,
social support and staying involved that are available to their
patients," Ironson says.

Stress may even hamper the capacity of AIDS drugs to fight the
virus, says biologist Steve Cole of UCLA's medical school.

He found that men with high blood pressure and heart rates and
other symptoms of stress showed poorer response to antiretroviral
medicines when compared with men with biological signs of normal
stress levels.

Another report showed a 10-week stress management and support
group for HIV-infected men significantly improved their immune
responses and lowered stress hormones. A control group not assigned
to the 10 sessions didn't experience these benefits, says researcher
Michael Antoni of the University of Miami.

He followed the two groups for one year.

Positive changes that came with attending the sessions "lend
support to the idea that stress management might be an important
intervention with persons who are infected with HIV," Antoni
says.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: HEALTH AND BEHAVIOR

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of Microsoft Corporation titled as
"CLASSIFICATION OF AFFECTIVE STATES IN SOCIAL MEDIA"

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140365208, published on December 11, 2014, by Microsoft Corporation, titled as
"CLASSIFICATION OF AFFECTIVE STATES IN SOCIAL MEDIA" for the registration of
patent.

Inventors:  De Choudhury; Munmun; (Bellevue, WA) ; Gamon; Michael; (Seattle, WA)
; Counts; Scott; (Seattle, WA)
Assignee:       Microsoft Corporation
Redmond
WA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Affective state classification embodiments are described which train and use a
classifier to identify an affect exhibited by a segment of text. The affect
being identified is chosen from a group of affects, each of which corresponds to
a different emotion or sentiment being expressed by a person authoring the
segment of text. In addition, each affect in the group of affects relates more
than the valence of the emotion or sentiment being expressed. In other word, the
identified affect is more than just an indication of the positive or negative
nature of the text segment. Rather, in one embodiment, the classifier is trained
to identify whether a segment of text exhibits one of the following affects:
fear, sadness, guilt, hostility, joviality, self-assurance, attentiveness,
shyness, fatigue, surprise, and serenity."

The Patent was filed on June 14, 2013 under application No. 20140365208

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 14, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

How Has The Recession Affected You?

SECTION: DISTRICT WEEKLY; PAGE J5; SPEAK OUT; UNDER 21

LENGTH: 438 words


David Metzner, 17, Bell Multicultural

The economic recession has affected me, my family and my friends in some ways.
One of the main differences is that no one now is able to afford or willing to
buy any of the so-called "luxuries." For example, our purchases of Christmas
presents, a car and CD players have been limited or postponed indefinitely.

Everyone is worried about losing their jobs or going on furlough. They are
saving their money for the basics. My allowance has been decreased and I don't
have the ability to do as many recreational things as I was able to in the past.


Ann Bathersfield, 17, Roosevelt

The current recession is affecting me with shortages of scholarships available
to black minorities. A few years -- even last year -- there were many
opportunities for students to earn scholarships to finance their way through
college and even through high school.

Now, because of the war and the economic recession, I have to budget my spending
so that I can purchase textbooks and other school necessities. I may not be able
to afford the college of my choice.


Houston Parker, 18, H.D. Woodson

The recession does not directly affect me, but I have learned that some summer
important summer job projects may be cut or put on hold to cover financial
problems associated with the recession. Many teenagers look forward to having a
summer job. Due to the recession, they may not have those much-needed ways to
earn legal money. Many federal workers may also be out of jobs due to the
recession.

The recession has taken its toll on our buying habits. Prices are going up and
money is tight. People are more aware of how they shop. When shopping, people
look harder for bargains. I looks as if citizens are being forced to pinch our
pennies over oil. So, whether directly of indirectly, we are all affected in
some way.


Wendy Taylor, 17, Woodrow Wilson

The recession affects everyone whether they know it or not. I don't think it
affects me directly because I don't have a job. It does affect me, though,
because I am still depending on my mother and what affects her, money-wise,
affects me as well.

Yes, the recession has changed my money habits. My allowance has been cut and I
have no choice but to change my money habits. Hopefully, soon this whole thing
will be over.


Samuel Lynch, 18, Anacostia

The recession has not had much of an effect on me to the present time, although
the high price of gasoline may have an effect on me in the future. In some ways,
I have changed my buying habits, but I feel that the effects of the Persian Gulf
War have not hit home yet.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 18, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Thursday's trade

BYLINE: Chuck Johnson and Peter Barzilai

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 233 words

Astros-Mets

Houston Astros receive . . .

* RHP David Weathers

* RHP Jeremy Griffiths

(at Class AAA Norfolk, Va.)

New York Mets receive . . .

* OF Richard Hidalgo

* How it affects the Mets: Hidalgo's streaky but often-explosive bat is a good
complement for Mike Piazza and Cliff Floyd.

* How it affects the Astros: Young right fielder Jason Lane can blossom without
looking over his shoulder. Weathers and Griffiths have the potential to shore up
the middle relief.

Marlins-White Sox

Florida receives . . .

* RHP Billy Koch

Chicago receives . . .

* IF Wilson Valdez

(at Class AAA Albuquerque)

* How it affects the Marlins: Koch, inconsistent as the Chicago closer, becomes
the primary setup man for Armando Benitez. The Marlins have been looking for
help since Chad Fox (elbow) went down indefinitely in late April. "(Koch is) a
proven closer who knows how to handle games late," GM Larry Beinfest said.
"We'll put him right in that spot, in front of Benitez."

* How it affects the White Sox: Koch had become expendable after losing the
closer's job again. Shingo Takatsu (3-0, 2 saves, 1.11 ERA) has been impressive
in that role of late, and there's always Damaso Marte. Valdez, 26, has 12 homers
in 2,589 minor-league at-bats, but he matured the past two years and has a
history with manager Ozzie Guillen, who was a Marlins coach last year.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            March 2, 2000, Thursday

METS: ROCKER CIRCUS WON'T DERAIL ATLANTA

BYLINE: ANDREW MARCHAND

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 074

LENGTH: 455 words


PORT ST. LUCIE -- As the traveling circus heads to Orlando with John Rocker
being the main media attraction, the Mets -- from their manager to their players
-- don't think the team will be affected at all.

"It is like a two-week disabled list," said Bobby Valentine, noting the amount
of time Rocker is scheduled to miss due to his reduced suspension. "It doesn't
affect the season; especially the closer."

Center fielder Darryl Hamilton, 35, concurred with his manager.

"It might affect a young ball club, but not the Braves," Hamilton said. "Sure,
they're going to get tired of it, but it's not going to affect them on the
field."

The reduction of Rocker's suspension raised more reaction then the "How it will
affect the Braves?" question.

The most interesting response came from newcomer Jersey Bobby Jones, who played
with Rocker in Puerto Rico. Jones doesn't think Rocker "is that person" who said
all those things in the infamous Sports Illustrated article.

"He's a little off his mind," Jones said before adding, "He is a good person."

Jones, though, disagreed with Rocker's decision to appeal his suspension.

"By him getting that penalty reduced, it is a slap in the face to everyone in
America," said Jones, noting that it is the union's job to protect the player.

Valentine thought the reduction was fair, while some of his other Mets thought
there should never have been a need for an appeal.

"I don't think you can suspend a guy for what is on his mind," Hamilton said.

Reserve Matt Franco added: "The guy said some stupid comments. It wasn't the
smartest thing to do. I don't think you should take away a guy's livelihood."

Besides Jersey Jones, the players all seemed to think that Rocker did the right
thing by trying to get his suspension reduced.

"I don't blame him for appealing it," said reliever Dennis Cook, noting that's

why the players have a union.

Reserve outfielder Melvin Mora's point was: Who cares what Rocker says?

"Latin people, we don't care what people say, we just come here to play
baseball," said Mora, who is from Venezuela.

Assistant GM Omar Minaya, who was born in the Dominican Republic and grew up in
Queens, added that he was "not surprised the arbitrator reduced the original
sentence."

When all is said and done, Valentine thinks the story will drift away.

"It will be old news by the time everything counts," Valentine said.

June 29 counts and it will be news again then. If Rocker is still with the
Braves, he is scheduled to work in the bullpen right outside the No. 7 train at
Shea Stadium.


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NO PROBLEM: Bobby Valentine says John Rocker's two-week suspension will
have little effect on Braves. New York Post: Nury Hernandez

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 14, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Sunday's trades

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 320 words

Detroit receives . . .

* C/OF Ben Petrick, 26

Colorado receives . . .

* RHP Adam Bernero, 26

Analysis

How it affects the Tigers: If the lowly Tigers have a strength, it is young
pitching. Their list of position players is a concern. Petrick, who hit .259
with 11 home runs at Class AAA Colorado Springs this season, helps the Tigers'
depth, versatility and athleticism in the catching department since the catcher
they tried to develop this season, Brandon Inge, wound up at Class AAA Toledo
(Ohio). Now, with Bernero gone, the Tigers have two pitchers instead of three
that could wind up losing 20 games each this season.


How it affects the Rockies: Bernero has been one of the Tigers' best pitching
prospects, and his 1-12 record (6.08 ERA) is deceiving. He's worked into the
sixth inning in 11 of his 17 starts and with the Tigers, the worst hitting team
in baseball, he's gotten the worst run support in the majors, 2.50 runs a game.
Rockies scouts like Bernero's domination early in the game, so Colorado plans on
using him out of the bullpen, which will help their middle-relief corps.

San Diego receives . . .

* RHP Clay Hensley, 23

(at Class A Hagerstown and Class A San Jose)

San Fran. receives . . .

* RHP Matt Herges, 33

Analysis

How it affects the Giants: Herges gives the Giants another reliever with closing
experience. He was 2-2 in 40 appearances for the Padres with three saves and a
2.86 ERA. Herges has a 24-20 career record in the majors with 11 saves and a
3.43 ERA.

How it affects the Padres: The Padres get the Giants' eighth-round draft pick
last year out of Lamar University. Hensley had a 6-6 record and a 3.98 ERA with
Class A clubs Hagerstown (Md.) and San Jose (Calif.) this season. On May 3,
while pitching for Hagerstown, he threw a seven-inning perfect game in the
nightcap of a doubleheader against Kannapolis (N.C.).

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 2, 2011 Saturday

Quarry official: Possible endangered fish won't affect work

BYLINE: Nancy Glasscock, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


April 02--TANNER -- The proposed designation of the spring pygmy sunfish as
endangered won't affect the Rogers Group rock quarry at Tanner, said Tom Kenley,
Rogers Group spokesman.

"The species has not been identified in the portion of Swan Creek near our
operation, and it would therefore not affect our operations," he said. "Neither
would our operations affect the species."

The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service said Thursday it had initiated a "status
review" of the fish, and that information indicates the designation as
endangered "might be appropriate for the spring pygmy sunfish."

The service will now undertake a more thorough status review of the fish, the
service said.

Limestone County Commissioner Bill Latimer said the rock quarry will probably be
open for business next week.

"It seems like if they were going to hinder the development of the rock quarry,
it would've been wise to fast track whatever they were doing with the pygmy
sunfish," he said.

Latimer said there are protective measures at the rock quarry, such as
preventing silt from entering the creek, that would allow the fish and the rock
quarry to coexist, if the fish is in the vicinity of the rock quarry.

The spring pygmy sunfish is a spring-associated fish, less than two inches long.
In Alabama, it is only found in the Tennessee River drainage of Lauderdale and
Limestone counties. The service's research indicates the species' decline is
caused by water pollution and a reduction of water quality.

In November 2009, the Center for Biological Diversity and Mike Sandel, a
postdoctoral student at the University of Alabama, petitioned the service to
list the fish as endangered. Sandel said in 2008 if the rock quarry didn't
destroy the fish's habitat, sediment and runoff from the quarry would.

In December 2009, the service notified the petitioners that issuing an emergency
regulation temporarily listing the fish as endangered wasn't warranted. In July
2010, the service received letters from the North American Native Fishes
Association and Dr. Bruce Stallsmith, a professor at the University of Alabama
in Huntsville, requesting an emergency listing of the species.

The service responded to NANFA and Stallsmith, saying the criteria for emergency
listing, dire and immediate threats, were not present. In October 2010, the
service received a notice of intent to sue from the Center for Biological
Diversity for allegedly failing to make a 90-day finding on the original
petition.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2011, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110402-DD-Quarry-official-Possible-endangered-fish-won-t-affect
-work-0402-20110402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2017 , All Rights Reserved

                Progressive Media Group Limited - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 6, 2017

                          Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc.

                                 1 Lacey Place
                                Southport 06890
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. (Ruger) designs, manufactures and sells firearms
and precision investment castings. Strong liquidity position, strong focus on
R&D activities and strong financial performance are the company's main
strengths, whereas concentrated client base and legal proceedings remains to be
major concern areas. In the future, fluctuating raw material prices, proposed
gun control act in the US and intense competition may affect its business
operations. However, positive outlook for global ammunition market and new
launches are likely to provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Strong financial performance helps the company to pursue growth and expansion
plans. In FY2015, the company reported US$551 million net sales, an increase by
1.2%, from US$544.4 million in FY2014. This was primarily due to US$4,037
million increase in net sales of the castings segment. The company's operating
income increased by 67.8% from US$56.3 million in FY2014 to US$94.5 million in
FY2015. The company's net income increased by 60.8% from US$38.6 million in
FY2014 to US$62.1 million in FY2015. Strong financial performance improves
investor's confidence and helps the company to maintain leading market position.

STRONG FOCUS ON R&D ACTIVITIES
The company's strong research and development (R&D) activities enhance its
product portfolio. The company invests significantly in R&D activities to
strengthen its portfolio of offerings. In FY2015, the company invested US$8.5
million on R&D activities. Ruger employs 115 people in its R&D department, who
primarily focus on the development of new products and improving existing
products. Strong R&D focus resulted in introduction of new products such as the
SR45 pistol, LC380 pistol, the Ruger American Rimfire rifle, the SR-762 rifle,
and the Red Label II shotgun. Sustained focus on R&D enhances the company's
competitiveness in the marketplace.
STRONG LIQUIDITY POSITION
The company's liquidity position has strengthened during the review period.
Ruger had current ratio of 2.3 at the end of FY2015, which was significantly
higher than the current ratio of its competitor, Raytheon Company (1.6). High
current ratio than the competitors indicates strong financial position of the
company and its ability to meet short term obligations than its peers. As on
December 31, 2015, it had cash and cash equivalents US$69.2 million, whereas its
account payable was only US$13 million. Strong liquidity position put the
company at an advantage while funding any potential opportunities arising in the
market.

WEAKNESSES:
CONCENTRATED CLIENT BASE
Although Ruger serves a large customer base, the four largest customers,
Jerry's/Ellett Brothers, Davidson, Lipsey and Sports South accounted for 59% of
the total revenue in FY2015. The company's dependence on select clients may
affect its business operations, if it is unable to find alternative clients for
its products and services. Also, this dependence increases the bargaining power
of its clients, which may affect business operations.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Legal proceedings may affect the company's bottom line performance. In October
2015, a case was filed against Ruger by Davis Innovation in southern district
court of Texas. This case was filed due to patent infringement. Lawsuits may
result in penalties and fines, apart from affecting the company's reputation in
the industry, which in turn may affect its business operations.

OPPORTUNITIES:
NEW LAUNCHES
Successful product launches enable the company to grow organically, generate
adequate revenue streams and also provide new opportunities to improve its
market share. In May 2016, the company introduced new precision rifle with new
handguard. In March 2016, the company introduced the Ruger Silent-SR, a .22 LR
sound suppressor. In June 2015, the company launched Ruger Collector's Series
10/22 Carbine Rifle. During the review year, the company launched two new models
of rifles in sweepstakes contest. The company also introduced new Ruger LC9s, a
striker fired, slim, lightweight, personal protection pistol that is chambered
in 9mm Luger. It launched sportswear and accessory eCommerce web presence on
ShopRuger.com. The company also introduced Ruger GP100 Match Champion, a
six-shot revolver. New products represented US$115.4 million of firearms sales
in FY2015. Such new product launches may help the company to experience growth
opportunities in new markets.
POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR GLOBAL AMMUNITION MARKET
The company stands to benefit from the growing ammunition market worldwide.
According to in-house research, the global military ammunition market to grow at
a CAGR of 3.5% during 2015-2025. This growth is primarily attributed to the
recent cross border conflicts and army modernization programs by developed and
developing nations. As a part of army modernization programs, defense
organizations worldwide look forward to deliver training services for
maintaining highly professional armies. This is expected to drive the demand for
training ammunitions in the future. The demand for sophisticated precision
guided munitions is also expected to increase due to the development in
technology and the governments' focus on reducing collateral damage and civilian
casualties in war. Therefore, Ruger, being a provider of ammunition product
components to the US defense forces could benefit from the growing demand for
ammunition.

THREATS:
FLUCTUATING RAW MATERIAL PRICES
Price volatility in raw materials may affect the company's business and result
of operations. Regur uses various raw materials for its firearms and castings
including fabricated steel components, walnut, birch, beech, maple and laminated
lumber for rifle stocks, wax, ceramic material, metal alloys, various synthetic
products and other component parts. According to the Bureau of Labor Statics of
the US, the producer price indexes for core raw material inputs such as rolled
steel and primary aluminum increased by 95.8% and 90%, respectively, during the
last decade. Global composite steel price has been fluctuating in recent times.
It was US$721 per ton in September 2012 and declined to US$686 per ton in June
2013, before increasing to US$716 per ton in December 2013 and further declining
to US$644 per ton in December 2014, US$453 per ton in December 2015 and
increased to US$458 per ton in January 2016. The scenario of increasing prices
of raw materials inflates the cost of manufacturing, and subsequently, if the
company fails to pass the increase in production costs to the customers, its
profit margin could be affected. Continuous supply of the raw materials may be
affected by adverse weather conditions, national emergencies, strikes,
government controls, natural disasters, supply shortages or other events.
Pricing fluctuations and non-availability of raw materials may affect the
product cost and operations of the company.
PROPOSED GUN CONTROL ACT IN THE US
The proposed gun control act by the US President may affect the company's
performance. In January 2013, the US President proposed before the US Congress
to approve a ban on assault weapons to prevent mass shootings, due to increasing
mass shootings across the US. For instance, in December 2012, 20 children and
six adults were killed by a gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown,
Connecticut, the US. He also advocated banning military-style assault weapons in
the country. He supported criminal background checks on all gun purchases
including FBI background checks. Ruger is required to abide by the existing
federal, state and local levels related to firearms sales. These include the
National Firearms Act, the Federal Firearms Act, and the Gun Control Act of
1968. These laws generally prohibit the private ownership of fully automatic
weapons and place restrictions on the interstate sale of firearms unless certain
licenses are obtained. Such an aggressive anti-gun measure may affect the
company's business operations.
INTENSE COMPETITION
Increasing competition may force the company to invest heavily to hold its
market position. The competitive factors, which may determine the company's
position in the market, include product performance, price, customer service and
training, brand recognition, and effective marketing and sales efforts. Ruger's
major competitors include Precision Castparts Corp, Smith & Wesson Holding
Corporation. In July 2015, Precision acquired Composites Horizons, LLC., an
independent supplier of high temperature carbon and ceramic composite
components. In the same month, Precision acquired Noranco, from MidOcean
Partners and PSP Investments for US$560 million. In this changing scenario,
failure of the company to deliver premium technologies as compared to its peers
may affects its business operations.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
ANALYSIS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
COMPETITORS
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES
KEY EMPLOYEE BIOGRAPHIES
LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Refugee ban affects local students

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 780 words


Jan. 30--The Trump administration's executive order banning immigrants and
refugees from seven majority-Muslim nations may affect college students in
northwest Ohio.

Students from the affected countries attend at both the University of Toledo and
Bowling Green State University, although university spokesmen said none of those
students are currently abroad and so are not blocked from re-entry.

However, the executive order has created concern from university students here
who are worried now whether they will be blocked if they visit home. Dave
Kielmeyer, BGSU spokesman, said 21 BGSU students are from the seven affected
countries.

"We have communicated with all of the affected students, and we have advised
them not to make plans to leave the country out of concerns they wouldn't be
able to return," he said.

Of those 21 students, 17 are from Iran, two are from Iraq, one from Yemen and
one from Yemen.

In a statement to the community Monday, Bowling Green President Mary Mazey
recognized that some students now face uncertainty.

"BGSU will be advocating for affected students and all members of our
international community with our representatives in Congress and in
collaboration with Ohio's Inter-University Council, the Association of American
Universities, and other higher education organizations," she said.

At UT, President Sharon Gaber sent a message to the university Monday to "affirm
our support for our international students, faculty and staff." Students from
affected countries were advised to avoid international travel.

"It is important to know that campus police have not inquired about immigration
status in the past, and there are no plans to start doing so," she said.

Ohio's senators joined the chorus of criticism over the weekend against the
executive order.

Sen. Sherrod Brown, a Democrat, blasted the president's move in a statement
issued Saturday.

"Keeping America safe must be our top priority, and we do that by aggressively
going after terrorism wherever it exists, not by turning our backs on children
and families just like ours, whose only goal is to escape violence and
persecution," Mr. Brown said.

The statement also said: "targeting women, children and families who are fleeing
the very same terrorists we are fighting against is wrong, will not make America
safer, and may actually undermine our long-term security."

Sen. Rob Portman, a Republican who sits on the Senate Homeland Security
Committee, was not as overtly against the president's widely criticized
executive order but he did offer some criticism.

Mr. Portman told CNN's Jake Tapper on Sunday that President Trump's temporary
ban "not properly vetted."

Mr. Portman referred to a doctor from Sudan employed at the Cleveland Clinic who
was reportedly detained in New York trying to return to Ohio.

"We have a Cleveland Clinic doctor last night who was apparently turned away,"
Portman said. "That's not the way to do it ... She's been properly vetted."

U.S. Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D., Toledo) condemned the order and invited president
Trump to meet with refugees who have moved to Ohio.

"President Trump's mandate will make America less safe," Miss Kaptur said in a
statement. "It penalizes worthy individuals and actually gives terrorist cells
ammunition to use against America. This mandate puts people at risk who have
helped America in our battle against terrorism, at home and abroad. It punishes
innocent individuals caught in the crossfire of fleeing terror and tribal
conflict."

She said the "misconceived executive order" would spur "anti-American sentiment
globally."

U.S. Rep. Jim Jordan, a Republican said the much of the "uproar" over the ban is
driven by politics.

Mr. Jordan, speaking Monday on AM-1420 WHKR in Cleveland, said the temporary ban
is about safety.

"America is the most vulnerable country on the planet," he said.

People want to come to the United States and the country has "every right as a
nation" to "double check they are not part of those organizations," Mr. Jordan
said of terrorist organizations.

President Trump signed the ban on his eighth day as president.

Related Items

Donald Trump, marcy kaptur, rob portman, sherrod brown

Click to comment

Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other
readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these
standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being
removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must
be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ.

___ (c)2017 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170130-TO-Refugee-ban-affects-local-students-0130-20170130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2017 The Blade


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Suspensions won't affect liquor store opening;
National retailer's low prices at 2 shops in area violated regs

BYLINE: Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: NEWS; 1

LENGTH: 947 words



HIGHLIGHT: SHREWSBURY - Allegations of cutting prices below what is allowed by
the state will not affect the opening of Total Wine and More later this month.


SHREWSBURY - Suspensions for alleged violations of state alcohol pricing
regulations at two stores will not affect the opening of a Total Wine & More
store on Route 9 later this month.

The state Alcoholic Beverages Control Commission issued multiday liquor license
suspensions to the Total Wine & More stores in Natick and Everett last month
after the company allegedly sold alcohol below invoiced cost. State regulations
prohibit the sale of alcoholic beverages at less than invoiced cost.

The Maryland-based national alcohol retailer appealed the suspensions Jan. 30 in
Suffolk Superior Court. On Monday, Judge Douglas H. Wilkins granted motions to
stay the suspensions, pending judicial review. Among the conditions is that the
company comply with the ABCC's interpretation of the state law regulating the
retail pricing of alcohol.

The company is scheduled to open its 24,700-square-foot store Feb. 23 at the
former Petco site at 87 Boston Turnpike. A private ceremony will be held Feb.
22. Town Manager Daniel J. Morgado said the case involving the other two Total
Wine & More stores will not affect the opening of the Shrewsbury store.

Founded in 1991 by brothers David and Robert Trone, Total Wine & More is
considered to be one of the largest independent privately owned retailers of
fine wines in the country. Revenue in 2016 was more than $2.5 billion. The
company has 150 stores in 20 states. The Natick store, the company's first in
Massachusetts, opened in November 2015, followed by the opening of the Everett
location in May 2016. The company plans to open a store in Danvers later this
year.

According to court documents, from the time they opened, the Natick and Everett
stores they sold alcohol for less than the cost displayed on the first invoice
issued by the distributor to the retailer. In both cases, the company later
received credits for volume discounts available to retailers that purchase a
certain quantity.

After receiving complaints, the ABCC initiated an investigation at the stores in
May and June last year. The credit invoices did not show the original invoices,
"making it unclear whether the credit was applied to the original sale, or
whether Total Wine will receive a credit for future purchases," according to the
court document.

Frank Anzalotti, executive director of the Springfield-based Massachusetts
Package Stores Association, said the regulations, in existence since the repeal
of Prohibition, are a way to level the playing field for smaller retailers. He
said more than half

SEE liquor,  B2

retailers in the state are single-owner operated. Many smaller stores cannot
afford, nor have the space, to purchase large quantities of alcohol to qualify
for the top discounts, he said.

"In order to maintain that level playing field, that has to stay in place.
That's part of the understanding a person had when they bought a liquor store,"
Mr. Anzalotti said. "This company has come into the market and decided that that
rule doesn't work for their business model."

In its appeal, the company maintained "it calculated its retail prices on
specific alcoholic beverages using the savings it earned through the credits,
known as Cumulative Quantity Discounts.

"Total Wine's competitors would rather keep the savings they realize from CQDs
for themselves as opposed to passing those savings on to their customers. Total
Wine's pricing practices threaten to upend the status quo, causing its
competitors to resort to the (ABCC) to protect their profit margins. Rather than
openly compete with Total Wine's strong customer service and robust selection of
beer, wine and spirits, Total Wine's competitors have apparently resorted to
waging a guerrilla war against Total Wine in an attempt to maintain their
archaic pricing practices," the company maintained in the appeal.

This is not the first time Total Wine has challenged a state's alcohol
regulations. Edward Cooper, the company's public and community affairs director,
said it took nearly nine years, but Total Wine eventually prevailed in a case in
Maryland that also dealt with quantity discounts that the company was able to
pass on to customers. Litigation is ongoing in Connecticut in which Total Wine
maintains that minimum alcohol bottle pricing laws amoun to "an unconstitutional
price-fixing scheme that artificially inflates the prices that retailers can
pass on to customers."

"Total Wine & More ultimately, in Massachusetts as in other states, wants to
make sure that we are capable of passing on the best possible prices to the
customer," Mr. Cooper said Wednesday. "We will work with the Legislature,
regulatory bodies and the courts to do so."

At a public hearing in October 2015 for a license for the Shrewsbury store,
several local competitors asked that the license be denied. They said the town
already had enough liquor stores.

Michael D. Cimini, owner of Austin Liquors in Shrewsbury, said Total Wine is
trying to drive other alcohol retailers out of the market. He said he filed a
complaint with the ABCC regarding pricing at Total Wine & More's store in
Natick. Mr. Cimini also owns Austin Liquors stores in other locations, including
Worcester and Natick. He said that with discount credits, for example, he was
able to sell 1.75L of Bacardi for $18.99, $1 more than what it went for at Total
Wine & More.

"The products they were selling at illegal prices were way off in our store,"
Mr. Cimini said. "Frankly, we hope that Total Wine will be forced to comply with
the state's alcohol policies or everybody else is allowed to break the law when
they see fit."

From Page B1

The Total Wine & More store on Route 9 is scheduled to open later this month.
[T&G Staff/Christine Hochkeppel]

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Health care battle outcome could affect Okies

BYLINE: Teddye Snell, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1018 words


July 24--TAHLEQUAH -- Since its inception, the Affordable Care Act, so-called
"Obamacare," has been the target of many legal battles.

On Tuesday, two separate and conflicting federal court rulings were announced. A
three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals circuit in Washington, D.C.,
decided the government cannot pass along tax subsidies for Affordable Care Act
plans purchased in 36 states where the federal government is operate the health
insurance exchange, including Oklahoma.

Just a few hours later, the U.S. Court of Appeals circuit in Richmond, Virginia,
issued a conflicting ruling, upholding the legality of ACA subsidies.

According to a report by Oklahoma Watch, if the D.C. ruling stands, it could
affect premiums for about 55,000 Oklahomans, who are already receiving
subsidies.

Jim Wilson, a former state senator and current board member of NeoHealth, said
the D.C. ruling was based on a literal interpretation of the language in the ACA
legislation.

"Opponents of the ruling point, instead, to the intent of the law," said Wilson.
"During my tenure in the Oklahoma Legislature, we recognized clerical errors
that changed the intent of the legislation as scrivener's errors that didn't
impede passage or modify the intent of the legislation. This seems to be the
case in the language prompting the ruling. Another appeals court in Virginia
ruled the legislative intent was clear, disregarding the literal argument."

According to the decision by Judge Thomas Griffin, the D.C. court ruled "because
we conclude that the ACA unambiguously restricts the section 36B subsidy to
insurance purchased on the exchanges 'established by the state,' we reverse the
district court and vacate the IRS's regulation."

Shannon Grimes, chairman of the Cherokee County Republican Party, agrees with
the D.C. -- and previously Denver -- court opinions.

"As they said, this is not a matter of ambiguous language," said Grimes. "The
language is clear: The subsidies only apply to exchanges created and run by the
states. The Fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the IRS did a reasonable
job of interpreting the legal language that is 'ambiguous and subject to
multiple interpretations,' except that is only true if you ignore the language
before your eyes."

Oklahoma is among a number of states that have not yet set up exchanges. Wilson
said Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt previously filed a similar action,
for which a ruling is pending.

"Early in the development of the Affordable Care Act, Oklahoma was awarded a $54
million grant to develop its own exchange," said Wilson. "The governor initially
accepted and supported the grant. Under pressure from those politically more
conservative, she ultimately declined the money, and in so doing, refused to
create a state exchange. Since the federal exchange would be available, this
appeared to be a decision that would not impede the ability of Oklahomans to
benefit from federal subsidies."

The Obama administration is expected to appeal the D.C. ruling, but if it
stands, Wilson believes a number of Oklahomans will pay the price.

"The damage will primarily be in the individual market, where health plan
premiums average $16,000 per year for a family," said Wilson. "With a median
household income of $45,000, Oklahomans in the individual market will have to
pay 35 percent of their gross income for health insurance, or they will have to
do without -- which is what they were doing prior to the Affordable Care Act."

Rep. Mike Brown, D-Tahlequah, agrees with Wilson.

"Many of the individuals currently covered under the Affordable Care Act will no
long be able to afford to pay the increased premiums, forcing them to do without
health care or return to using emergency rooms for treatment," said Brown.
"Denying affordable health care insurance to our citizens leaves our hospitals
and health care providers to absorb the costs."

The Legislature has also decided against expanding Medicaid, which, according to
Wilson, is partially relevant to this ruling.

"Medicaid expansion would allow those at or below 138 percent of poverty to
qualify for Medicaid," said Wilson. "Those who earn at least 100 percent of
poverty can currently buy subsidized insurance on the exchange with a subsidy.
Had Medicaid been expanded, those under 138 percent and above 100 percent of
poverty would still have a way to obtain health care."

Wilson said local health providers, including Northeastern Health Systems, have
also suffered financially due to the decision to decline Medicaid expansion.

"The loss of premium subsidies will cause the thousands of Oklahomans
participating in the individual market and small group plans to forego
insurance, further damaging local providers. As in the past, medical needs will
not be met or cost will be shared by those who have the ability to pay," Wilson
said.

Brown reiterated Wilson's concern about health care providers.

"In Oklahoma, our medical providers are already struggling due to our state's
refusal to accept Medicaid expansion," said Brown. "Unfortunately, many may
simply stop providing services. Affordable health care is a major concern in our
state. Assistance with the cost of health insurance through the Affordable Care
Act is providing an opportunity for many of our citizens to purchase coverage
they were previously unable to afford. However, the governor's decision to
refuse to expand Medicaid coverage continues to leave many of our poorest
citizens without access to necessary health care."

Community health centers, like NeoHealth, will still have to adhere to federal
guidelines, by offering discounted rates to the uninsured and under-insured.

"It is noteworthy that community health centers have limited capacity to
accommodate a rising uninsured population," said Wilson. "One interesting
political explanation to anticipate is a clarification of ideology that
historically sees repealing a tax credit the same as increasing taxes."

___ (c)2014 the Tahlequah Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) Visit the Tahlequah
Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) at www.tahlequahdailypress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140724-TD-Health-care-battle-outcome-could-affect-Okies-0724-20140724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                      Copyright 2014 Tahlequah Daily Press


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Maryland Gazette

                                October 2, 2013

How will the government shutdown affect you?;
Impact of government shutdown on you

BYLINE: ZOE READ zread@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.1

LENGTH: 728  words


Got a questions about how the government shutdown will affect you? Email it to
Staff Writer Zoe Read at mailto:zread@capgaznews.com

We'll try to find the answer and update this list online as the shutdown
continues.

As the federal government heads into its second day in partial shutdown. The
Maryland Gazette and The Capital talked to congressional offices, federal
agencies and checked a variety of sources for answers to some common questions
on how it will affect Anne Arundel County residents.

Will I still be able to receive my Social Security benefits?

Social Security field offices in Glen Burnie and Annapolis are open with limited
services, including accepting application for benefits, appealing a decision,
changing information, accepting death reports, issue critical payments, replace
lost or missing cards and make changes to payments. Social Security card
centers, which accept applications for new cards, are closed.

Social Security and Supplemental Security Income payments to beneficiaries will
continue with no change in payment dates.

Will the shutdown affect my mail?

The shutdown will not affect any operations at the U.S. Postal Service, and
independent business unit.

Will I still be able to receive care at veterans clinics?

All Veterans Affairs medical centers and clinics, including locations in will
remain open and continue to provide health care services to Veterans during the
government shutdown. VA health care appointments will not be affected.

Will the government continue to pay unemployment benefits?

Yes. Benefits will be paid under the plan announced by the Department of Labor,
according to the Associated Press. Benefits also were paid during the 1995
shutdown.

What about food stamps?

According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Supplemental Assistance
Nutrition Program is funded into 2014.

The Women, Infant  and Children supplemental nutrition program is funded for
about two weeks, Capital News Service reported on Tuesday.

Will Naval Academy athletic games be cancelled?

The Department of Defense has suspended all intercollegiate athletic
competitions at its service academies as a result of the government shutdown.

The Naval Academy will cancel contests as appropriate. Notification on
Saturday's Navy football game against Air Force in Annapolis will be made public
before noon Thursday.

If the game is canceled, it is not known if the game will be made up or not.

How will public schools be affected by the shutdown?

Anne Arundel County schools are forward funded. Programs that use federal
dollars, such as subsidized meals in schools, will not be affected. However, if
the shutdown continues for a long time, grants or the ability to apply for
grants could be a problem.

Will federal housing programs be shut down?

The federal shutdown will not have an impact on housing operations or programs.
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development funded all programs for
October at the end of September. The HUD office in Baltimore is closed.

Will congressional offices in Anne Arundel remain open?

There are three field offices for members of Congress in Anne Arundel County.
U.S. Rep. Donna Edwards' office in Severna Park is open, as is U.S. Rep. John
Sarbanes' office in Annapolis. U.S. Sen. Barbara Mikulski's office in Annapolis
is closed.

Will furloughed federal employees get paid after they return to work?

Mikulski, and fellow Maryland Democrat U.S. Sen. Ben Cardin on Tuesday joined
two Virginia Democrats, U.S. Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine, to introduce a
bill that would guarantee that federal workers furloughed because of the
government shutdown would receive their full pay after it reopens.

Will I have to pay federal taxes during the shutdown.

The Internal Revenue Service says you must pay your taxes during the government
shutdown. But don't expect any refunds.

Most Americans filed their taxes in the spring. But more than 12 million filers
asked for an automatic six-month extension, and those returns are due Oct. 15.

Got questions? Sorry, IRS call centers will not be manned, though automated ones
are still running. The Annapolis field office is closed.

Can I visit the national parks.

No, national parks and monuments, including Fort McHenry in Baltimore,
Assateague Island National Seashore and monuments and parks in Washington are
closed. The Smithsonian Institution museums in Washington also are closed.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Gate 3 entrance on Maryland Avenue of the United State Naval
Academy on Tuesday afternoon.
The Gate 3 entrance on Maryland Avenue of the United State Naval Academy on
Tuesday afternoon.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Conference to discuss how policies affect vets

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 446 words


Sept. 16--Veterans organizations will host a two day conference to discuss
American security policy and how it affects veterans ahead of this November's
elections.

The "America's Security and the Veteran Voter" event, sponsored by the Veteran
Patriots Action Conference, will be Oct. 10-11 at the Owens Auditorium at
Sandhills Community College in Pinehurst.

At the end of the event, attendees will participate in a straw poll on their
choices for president.

The conference is open to veterans, their families and others at a cost of $75.

One of the event's organizers, retired Lt. Col. Kenneth Benway, said the goal is
to educate veterans and the public on the security conditions in America while
eliciting presidential candidate positions.

That could lead to more veterans voting in November, he said.

"America's security policy profoundly impacts our country's veterans, their
families and their communities," Benway said. "Yet in 2012, 6 million veterans,
including more than 200,000 North Carolina vets, did not vote.

"Through this conference, we hope to create a voice for veterans that will give
them some say in the direction of national security policy by encouraging them
to vote, to serve in public office and to hold their lawmakers accountable."

Generals to speak

Speakers will include retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Tom McInerney, retired Maj.
Gen. Sid Shacknow and retired Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin.

Shacknow is a local veteran. A native of Lithuania, he survived a Holocaust
concentration camp in World War II before coming to America and beginning a
notable military career, which included service as a Special Forces soldier in
Vietnam and in Europe during the Cold War.

Boykin also has local ties. He is a former commander of 1st Special Forces
Operational Detachment-Delta, more commonly known as Delta Force.

Boykin, who will give the event's keynote address, is executive vice president
at the Family Research Council, a conservative Christian group and lobbying
organization.

He has attracted controversy in the past for statements on his religious and
political views.

The Moore County event will be the second VPAC conference this year, following a
similar event in Charleston, South Carolina.

Organizers said Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have been invited to attend or
send representatives to the conference. Trump attended the Charleston event in
February.

For more information, visit www.vetsinthefight.com.

Military editor Drew Brooks can be reached at brooksd@fayobserver.com or
486-3567.

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160916-FY-Conference-to-discuss-how-policies-affect-vets-0916-20160916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

Drought doesn't affect cost of fresh-cut trees --at least not this year

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 741 words


Dec. 05--Snow may be lacking, but consumers who prefer a real Christmas tree
over artificial ones will find plenty of choices in the Toledo area this holiday
season. Prices will be similar to those of last year.

"It really varies from location and lot, but we don't really expect people will
see price increases out there. It's still been competitive, and the fresh-cut
trees aren't increasing, so choose-and-cut operations will not be in position to
raise prices," said Marsha Gray, executive director of the Michigan Christmas
Tree Association, whose members run many of the fresh-cut tree lots in the
Toledo area.

But like their corn-growing brethren, Christmas tree growers across the Midwest
were hit hard this year by the drought, which damaged seedlings planted in the
spring. The summer drought won't affect prices this year, but seven years from
now it is possible the overall Christmas tree selection won't be as large or
varied, and prices could spike in some states.

However, this year "prices are pretty much the same as last year," said Dick
Raden, who helps run the fresh-cut tree lot at the dormant Netty's restaurant on
Monroe Street and Sylvania Avenue. The lot is operated by June Helsel, a
Christmas tree grower in northern Michigan.

Mr. Raden said popular 8-foot to 10-foot tall Douglas fir trees are selling for
about $65, same as last year. "Most of the buying has been in the 8-to-10-foot
range," he added. Depending on the type, a 6-to-7-foot tree will cost about $40
at the June Helsel lot.

Ms. Gray said fresh-cut tree lot operators always compete with area home
improvement stores that buy in bulk from wholesale growers, so prices must
remain competitive from year to year.

Locally, Lowe's home improvement stores were selling 6-to-7-foot Fraser firs for
$35 and 6-to-7-foot Scotch pine trees for $18. At Home Depot, 6-to-8-foot Fraser
firs were $30 while 6-to-8-foot Scotch Pines were $20.

A concern this year was whether the summer's drought would drive up prices.
Growers say that the dry conditions didn't damage this year's harvest, but
seedlings that are expected to be harvested in 2019 or 2020 were devastated.

"Drought doesn't really impact fully grown trees," Ms. Gray said. "Most growers
have the ability to irrigate, and most did, otherwise the losses would have been
exceptionally high. There have been a few reports from tree farms in
mid-Michigan that did have losses attributed to the drought."

However, the worst damage was in states farther west, such as Indiana, Illinois,
and Iowa, Ms. Gray said.

Tree growers in those states will have the next seven years to make up those
losses, but if replanting efforts aren't fully successful, it could mean a
shortage of wholesale trees in 2019. That could drive prices up then, Ms. Gray
said.

"What will happen is growers will plant more trees next year. They will shear
some trees to bring some growth along faster. It's a little more work for the
growers, but that could help," she said.

At one of the Toledo area's most popular choose-and-cut tree farms, the
Whitehouse Christmas Tree Farm, grower Richard "Duke" Wheeler lost 45 to 50
percent of his seedling crop to the drought. He normally plants 5,000 seedlings
per year.

He plans to plant 10,000 seedlings next spring, and he hopes there isn't a
drought repeat.

"I'll have to spend more to get caught up, but that's OK. There's really no
profit in a choose-and-cut operation. We just do it because we like it," he
said. "But wholesale operations, the drought could have an effect on them down
the road," Mr. Wheeler added.

Thus, prices at his tree farm are unchanged. A Scotch pine is $6 a foot, a
Douglas fir $8 a foot, a Spruce pine $10 a foot, and a Fraser fir is $11 a foot,
Mr. Wheeler said.

Debra Yeager, whose husband, Carl, is president of the Ohio Christmas Tree
Association, said the drought effects in Ohio were uneven. Some operations were
barely touched, but other members lost much of their seedling crop, she said.
The Yeagers are co-owners of the Storeyland Christmas Tree Farm in Burghill,
Ohio.

"If you're going to lose out, [seedlings] is where to lose because you don't
have as much invested in them. It's a seven-year process," she said. "As far as
the mature trees, they're been pretty good across the state."

Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121205-TO-HLT-Drought-doesn-t-affect
-cost-of-fresh-cut-trees-at-least-not-this-year-1205-20121205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 8, 2011 Monday

Inside Politics: Federal prayer ruling could affect City Council

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 852 words


Aug. 08--Last month's federal court ruling rejecting Christian prayers at public
meetings may affect the Fayetteville City Council.

On July 29, the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Va., ruled in favor
of two residents who had sued the Forsyth County Board of Commissioners in 2007
because the board often had invocations that referred to Jesus, Jesus Christ or
Savior.

The 2-1 decision by the Fourth Circuit upholds a lower court ruling that
required the commissioners to stop the sectarian prayers.

The Fourth Circuit has jurisdiction over North Carolina and four other states.

Last week, Fayetteville's City Attorney Karen McDonald briefed her bosses on the
council in an email with the subject: "Prayers at City Council and Other Open
Meetings."

"As we are all aware, this is now, and always has been, a sensitive topic," her
email said. "Irrespective of my religious or personal beliefs, it is my duty as
the city attorney to advise you of the law."

McDonald said in her email that the Fourth Circuit's ruling underscores a
previous ruling by the same court that said opening public meetings with prayer
of a single faith is unconstitutional under the First Amendment, which says, in
part, that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion."

According to The Associated Press, Forsyth County had a policy that allowed
believers of other faiths to give the opening prayer, but in practice, the vast
majority of the prayers between May 2007 and December 2008 were Christian.

In her email last week, McDonald said city staff led by human relations director
Ron McElrath will be meeting soon "to ensure the invocations at City Council
meetings are consistent with federal law."

City Councilman D.J. Haire, who often gives the opening prayers, was undeterred
about the federal ruling.

"If that's the case, don't call me, because I'm going to call on the name of
Jesus," Haire said last week.

Councilman Jim Arp, who gave the invocation at last week's work session, ended
the prayer by saying, "In the name above all names, Jesus Christ."

It's common for elected boards in Cumberland County to invite ministers from
various denominations -- often Christian -- to give invocations. People stand,
heads bow. The Pledge of Allegiance follows.

When the Forsyth County lawsuit was filed in 2007, McDonald and then-County
Attorney Grainger Barrett advised elected officials to offer more
generic-sounding prayers that don't use Jesus' name.

Some elected officials on the council and the Cumberland County Board of
Commissioners have followed the advice, and some haven't.

In a memo last year, County Attorney Rick Moorefield said federal courts have
not found references to "God, Heavenly Father, Father, Master and similar terms
not affiliated with a specific religious deity to be unconstitutional."

"Encourage, seek, recruit, and invite persons of non-Christian faiths to offer
invocations under the same conditions stated above," his memo stated.

Kenneth Edge, chairman of the Board of Commissioners, said the ruling won't
change how the board does business.

"I respect everyone's religion, and we are trying to follow the law," he said.

Edge, a member of Highland Presbyterian Church, thinks the issue needs to be
heard before the U.S. Supreme Court.

"I think it's a very difficult issue that boards all over the state are going to
have to deal with," Edge said.

Filing period

The filing period for Fayetteville City Council and mayor ends at noon Friday at
the Cumberland County Board of Elections.

Club meetings

The Cumberland County Republican Women's Club will meet Tuesday at Highland
Country Club at 6:30 p.m. The scheduled speaker will be Laura McGee, the member
services director for the N.C. Republican Party. Buffet dinner is $22; dessert
only is $5.25; a seat only is $3. For reservations, contact Heidi Steding at
822-4971 or ralphtd300d@aol.com

The Fayetteville Republican Women's Club will meet at 11:30 a.m. Thursday, at
Belmont Village at 1104 Hay St. Lunch is $15. Today is the deadline to make a
reservation. The cost is $2 for a seat without a meal. Call Catina Hockenberry
at 489-0930. John Szoka, who intends to run next year for N.C. House District
45, and Wade Fowler are scheduled to speak.

The Democratic Women of Cumberland County will meet Thursday at Sammio's on
Raeford Road at 5:30 p.m. The scheduled guest speaker is school board member
Alicia Chisolm. For more information, call Pam Wade at 977-7504.

Board meeting

The Cumberland County Board of Elections will meet Tuesday at 9 a.m. to discuss,
among other issues, the anti-annexation petition that was sent last month to
Gates Four.

The deadline to submit items to Inside Politics is Thursday. Contact staff
writer Andrew Barksdale at barksdalea@fayobserver.com or 486-3565.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110808-FY-Inside-Politics-Federal-prayer-ruling-could-affect
-City-Council-20110808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

EdisonLearning official: Lawsuit does not affect this year's funding

BYLINE: Carmen McCollum, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Jan. 03--GARY -- Officials from a management company operating Gary Roosevelt do
not believe a Marion County Superior Court ruling will affect them.

Last month, Marion County Superior Court Judge Patrick McCarty ruled against the
Indiana State Board of Education, saying the state improperly counted students
at four schools in Indianapolis. The ruling impacts not just funding for the
Indianapolis Public Schools but also the Gary Community School Corp., which lost
the former Roosevelt High School to a Tennessee-based management company.

Todd McIntire, vice president of EdisonLearning, which now operates Gary
Roosevelt, said in an email Wednesday that it is the company's understanding the
lawsuit will not change the projected funding for the operation of Roosevelt
this year.

"We have been told that this ruling is about the amount of funds withheld from
the (school) district rather than the amount allocated to the operator,"
McIntire said. "These amounts are not the same. The state board has approved all
allocations for the 2012-13 school year for turnaround academies.

"If our understanding is incorrect or if the level of funding for Roosevelt
should decrease this school year, we would naturally be required to make changes
to the operation of the school."

McIntire said they knew the 2012-13 year would be a unique year for funding
given the state's use of last year's enrollment to determine funding for the
current school year.

"For 2013-14, this anomaly will be gone and we have planned our future budgets
accordingly," he said.

Stephanie Sample, a spokeswoman for the Indiana Department of Education,
acknowledged the ruling has implications not just for the Indianapolis Public
Schools but also for the Gary Community School Corp.

Some officials say the ruling means the state shorted Indianapolis about $6
million and shorted the Gary Community School Corp. about $2 million.

Sample said the state intends to appeal the ruling.

The state took over seven schools, and management companies were assigned to
five schools -- four in Indianapolis and one in Gary. Lead Partners were
assigned to the remaining two schools in Indianapolis.

___ (c)2013 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130103-MU-EdisonLearning-official-Lawsuit-does-not-affect
-this-year-s-funding-20130103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2013 The Times


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              March 5, 2012 Monday

Shutdown of bridge, detours draw near // Worries radiate from Greenwood St.

BYLINE: Ellie Oleson

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 635 words

DATELINE: AUBURN


AUBURN - The planned April 2 closing and repair of Worcester's Greenwood Street
bridge near the Shoppes at Blackstone Valley will affect Worcester residents and
also could affect residents of Millbury Street in Auburn and McCracken Road in
Millbury, according to state and local officials.

Michael W. Verseckes, spokesman for the state Department of Transportation, said
traffic will be detoured onto Route 20 and Route 146, "but there is nothing to
stop traffic from using the more rural public roads, where traffic probably will
increase."

The bridge to be rehabilitated passes over the Worcester Diversion Channel,
which diverts flood water from Worcester.

William A. Coyle, director of the town's Department of Public Works, said he had
contacted the Massachusetts Highway Department and asked if it could post signs
encouraging motorists not to use Millbury Street while the bridge is closed.

"After I received a complaint from a Millbury Street resident, I asked that the
state post a sign encouraging drivers to use Route 20 to 146 as the alternate
route to the (Shoppes at Blackstone Valley) mall, but locals who know Millbury
Street might still use it. It is a public road."

The good news is that the bridge closing will be temporary, Mr. Verseckes said.
"The project was slated for two years, but was negotiated down to five or six
months," he said.

This is largely because the entire bridge will be closed during construction,
rather than one lane being kept open, which could have required two construction
seasons.

The proposed work includes "removal and replacement of the bridge's concrete
deck slab, installation of a new sidewalk, upgrading bridge rails and providing
a new approach slab," according to project information posted by the state
Highway Department.

The winning bid of $863,742 for the project came from B&E Construction of
Stoughton and was considerably less than the initial construction estimate of
$985,487.

Auburn resident Robert L. Platukis of 231 Millbury St. said he was very
concerned about increased traffic on his street for the next several months
because of the bridge closing.

"Millbury Street is a narrow, scenic road with many sharp turns. We have cars
from Connecticut and Rhode Island on our street every day. Millbury Street was
not designed to handle the kind of traffic we will see. The state is turning
Millbury Street and McCracken Road into a connector road between Route 20 and
146, so they should pay to rebuild and pave the street in Auburn and Millbury."

He said large trucks trying to cut through to Route 146 on Millbury Street crowd
traffic coming in the other direction.

"A car going the other way can't pass a truck or school bus and has to pull over
and stop. This road is too narrow to handle truck traffic, and with the bridge
closing, there will be more of it."

Mr. Verseckes of DOT said, "We're hoping folks will stick to the detour we are
posting. We will send drivers on roads designed to handle the added traffic. We
appreciate people being patient for the months this job will take, which is
better than the two years it would have taken if we had done one lane at a
time."

Mr. Coyle said "Road Narrows" signs are going up within the next few weeks at
the intersections of Route 20 with Millbury Street and with Montclair Drive
warning truck drivers and others.

"Any time a bridge is closed, cars have to go somewhere. In this case, the
narrowness of the road and the rough condition of Millbury Street and McCracken
Road might deter some traffic, but it is a public road."

Comparing this closing to last year's temporary closing of the James Street
bridge in Worcester that resulted in increased traffic on Heard Street, he said,
"We got through that bridge closing. We'll get through this one."

ART: MAP

CUTLINE: Bridge to close for repair

PHOTOG: T&G Staff

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AUBURN - The planned April 2 closing and repair of Worcester's
Greenwood Street bridge near the Shoppes at Blackstone Valley will affect
Worcester residents and also could affect residents of Millbury Street in Auburn
and McCracken Road in Millbury, according to state and local officials.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             October 4, 1991 Friday

ALCOHOL COULD AFFECT BREAST MILK: RESEARCH

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BUCKLEY D

LENGTH: 308 words


Alcohol could affect breast milk: research BOSTON: The amount of liquor found in
one beer could affect a new mother's breast milk, according to United States
research reported in the New England Journal of Medicine. The research found
that alcohol consumed by a new mother was quickly incorporated into her breast
milk, where it could adversely affect a baby's feeding behavior. The findings
are contrary to conventional medical opinion. Julie Mennella and Gary Beauchamp
of the Monell Chemical Senses Centre in Philadelphia discovered alcohol quickly
affected the odor of breast milk and that babies sucked harder while consuming
less milk if the mother had been drinking. But according to Dr Janine Jason of
the US Centres for Disease Control in Atlanta: ""Alcohol is only one of many
drugs that have potential effects on the breast-feeding infant". Dr Jason said
there was not sufficient research to warrant the condemnation of an occasional
alcoholic drink for a nursing mother. The Philadelphia test was done by
observing the babies of 12 mothers. During some observation periods the mothers
were given orange juice. During others, the orange juice was spiked with the
amount of alcohol found in a can of beer. Evaluators who tested the aroma of the
breast milk found it changed dramatically half an hour after the women consumed
alcohol. The alcohol-related odor peaked after an hour and slowly declined after
that. Infants nursed with spiked breast milk sucked more often, but 11 of the 12
ended up drinking less. Whether the women were producing less milk as a result
of the alcohol or whether the babies could not _ or would not _ drink as much of
the tainted milk is not known. As well as causing the infants to consume less
milk, the researchers found the alcohol made the infants take more naps but
sleep less in each rest period.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

Port operations resume after day of Occupy protests in Oakland

BYLINE: By Angela Woodall Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 532 words


OAKLAND -- Business as usual seemed to resume at the Port of Oakland on Tuesday
morning after Occupy protesters managed to block terminals for nearly 24 hours.

Trucks once again lumbered through two APL terminal entrances that had been
blocked by crowds numbering in the thousands from late Monday until 4 a.m.
Tuesday -- when they dispersed, allowing the nation's fifth-largest port to
reopen.

The shutdown that targeted ports along the West Coast marked the first time that
Occupy supporters came together to carry out a coordinated action since the
movement began in New York in September. The coordinated rallies added
confidence that the movement would grow despite crackdowns.

Even as protesters disrupted operations at ports from Southern California to
Anchorage, Alaska, and Vancouver, British Columbia, police in Seattle confronted
demonstrators with "flash-bang" percussion grenades to disperse them.

Monday's shutdown, however, showed that positive social change is possible, said
Mike King, who helped organize the blockade. Those kinds of efforts can attract
people frustrated by the lack of action by leaders and politicians. "Yesterday
was a great success in a line of successes," he said.

Monday's action in Oakland came six weeks after a Nov. 2 general strike launched
by Occupy Oakland drew thousands of protesters and shut down the port overnight.
Protesters' numbers on Monday were smaller than the November march, but still
effective. Organizers wouldn't try to top the shutdown for the sake of scale,
King said. The goal is to address inequality, not to stage a series of "bigger
is better" protests, he added.

On Monday, thousands in Oakland and up and down the West Coast picketed gates,
beat drums and carried signs such as "We are the port authority."

The number of Occupy camps, meanwhile, has dwindled,

The movement's physical occupation of public parks is probably over, said Jack
Rasmus, a professor of economics and politics at Saint Mary's College. He is
also author of "Prelude to Global Recession" and the upcoming book "Obama's
Economy: Recovery for the Few."

"But the Occupy slogan leaves open all kinds of possible tactics," he added.
"It's not going away."

Rasmus said he expects to see an increase in similar activity, especially in
January, if the trigger cuts proposed in Gov. Jerry Brown's budget lead to more
public sector layoffs. That could pull in more trade unions, helping the
movement grow. "The conditions that created the movement aren't going away,"
Rasmus said. "The issues are driving this, and the issues are driving people
together," he said. "Everyone feels they are in the 99 percent."

Occupy Oakland's next planned event is a Jan. 1 rally at Frank H. Ogawa Plaza in
downtown Oakland followed by a march to the Fruitvale BART station to protest
police brutality. Organizers chose the date and location to coincide with the
three-year anniversary of the death of Oscar Grant III, who was shot and killed
on the station platform by a BART police officer.

King said the Occupy movement would continue its actions against foreclosures
and demonstrating against banks.

"There will be more action in January, both large-scale and broad-based," King
said.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to
the Port of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a
general strike coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a general
strike coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2 hundreds
are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los Angeles,
San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the demonstration.
(Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Alameda County Sheriff officer in riot gear stands
watch as protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port of Oakland on
December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a general strike coordinated
by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2 hundreds are expected to
affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los Angeles, San Diego,
Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the demonstration. (Photo by
Kimberly White/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 13, 2015 Monday

Court ruling won't affect local power plant

BYLINE: Mitchell Kirk, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


July 13--Recent and upcoming rulings by federal courts won't affect the local
power plant's obligation to follow future regulations, a Logansport official
says.

The U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling in late June 2015 regarding a U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency rule requiring power plants fueled by coal and
oil to cut mercury and other toxic emissions by April 2016. Indiana was one of
several states that petitioned the regulation.

Justices ruled 5-4 that the EPA's cost analysis regarding the new directive
should have been completed earlier. The supreme court then passed the issue to
the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington, D.C., which will consider it
further.

Whatever those judges decide, it won't affect Logansport's electric power
situation, said Logansport Municipal Utilities Superintendent Paul Hartman.

The rule the courts are studying applies to plants with generating units
producing 25 megawatts or more. The two units at LMU's coal-fired plant generate
22 1/2 megawatts and 16 megawatts respectively.

"Our timeline hasn't changed because of this whatsoever." Hartman said.

That timeline currently includes altering the LMU plant to run on renewable
fuel. Logansport Mayor Ted Franklin has been negotiating with Philadelphia-based
SGP Energy since April 2015 to do just that.

Franklin said there was little he could comment on regarding the ongoing
negotiations, citing an agreement with SGP Energy stating details would not be
released without both sides' permission. He did say communication continues and
progress is being made, however.

A letter of intent regarding the partnership anticipated the talks concluding by
July 15.

"I believe if we're not finished, we will be extremely close to being finished
by July 15," Franklin said.

Franklin and SGP Energy have said the project would expand the local power
plant's capacity to 120 megawatts, be privately funded, cost $120 million and
retain LMU jobs.

SGP Energy's parent company, SG Preston, is also considering developing a $400
million facility locally that would produce more than 120 gallons of bio-diesel
fuel a year.

The Associated Press contributed to this report. Reach Mitchell Kirk at
mitchell.kirk@pharostribune.com or 574-732-5130

___ (c)2015 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150713-LG-Court-ruling-won-t-affect-local-power-plant-0713-20150713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2015 Pharos-Tribune


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

New York: Can changes in the brain affect your microbiome? UB researchers are
investigating

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Albany: University at Buffalo, The State of New York has issued the
following news release:



 The microbiome in your gut can affect your brain: More and more data have
recently shown that. But can it go the other way? Can brain changes affect your
gut microbiome? And if so, do these changes affect your health and well-being?





 A University at Buffalo researcher is leading a pilot study to answer that
question. The goal is to determine whether behavioral self-management of a
painful and common gastrointestinal disorder may lead to fundamental changes in
the gut microbiome, the digestive system&rsquo;s bacterial ecosystem.



 The study is being conducted with a subset of patients enrolled in a large,
National Institutes of Health-funded study being led by Jeffrey Lackner, PsyD,
professor in the Department of Medicine in the Jacobs School of Medicine and
Biomedical Sciences at the University at Buffalo and director of the Behavioral
Medicine Clinic. That multicenter study focuses on whether a specific, non-drug
treatment &mdash; a cognitive behavior therapy program &mdash; can relieve the
often-debilitating symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) for which there is
no satisfactory medical treatment.



 Lackner has teamed with Kirsten Tillisch, MD, associate professor, and Emeran
A. Mayer, MD, PhD, of the Gail and Gerald Oppenheimer Family Center for
Neurobiology of Stress at the University of California, Los Angeles, to explore
some of the implications of that study. The goal of the pilot study is to
determine if the behavioral strategies that IBS patients use to reduce their
gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms also lead to changes in the microbial composition
in the gut.



 &ldquo;We know that the gut microbiome can influence neural development, brain
chemistry, mood, pain perception and how the stress system responds,&rdquo; said
Lackner.



 &ldquo;Our research has shown that manipulation of the gut microbiota with
probiotics can change the way our brain responds to the environment,&rdquo;
explained Tillisch. &ldquo;Because the brain-gut-microbiota connection is a
two-way street, we believe that central or brain-directed treatments like
cognitive behavior therapy may reduce GI symptoms by altering the gut
microbiota. This really has game-changing implications for how we understand the
brain and its impact on the gut and vice versa.&rdquo;



 The two-year study, funded by UB&rsquo;s Office of the Vice President for
Research and Economic Development, will involve 30 Western New York patients
enrolled in the IBS Outcome Study. That study, known as the IBSOS, is funded by
the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases of the NIH.




 Participants in the study will collect stool samples at home before and after
treatment, as well as track their GI symptoms and well-being throughout their
participation in the study.



 &ldquo;This is a unique opportunity to identify the physical basis for why
behavioral treatments for IBS work,&rdquo; said Lackner. &ldquo;It can really
help us unravel some of the mystery underlying brain-gut interactions as they
relate to a major health problem like IBS. We believe that this research may
lead to more focused and effective treatments for IBS and other medical
disorders for which there is no satisfactory medical cure.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 24, 2012 Friday

P&G job cuts won't affect Wyoming County site

BYLINE: The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Feb. 24--NEW YORK -- Consumer products maker Procter & Gamble Inc. said Thursday
it plans to cut 5,700 jobs, or approximately 10 percent of its workforce, over
the next year and a half as part of a cost-cutting plan.

Procter & Gamble says it plans to save $10 billion by the end of the fiscal year
ending in June 2016.

The job cuts are all in the non-manufacturing sector and would not affect the
P&G plant in Mehoopany, company spokesman Paul Fox said.

Paper products, including Bounty paper towels and Charmin toilet paper, are
produced at the Wyoming County facility, which Fox called an "outstanding"
manufacturing center.

The world's largest consumer products maker is experiencing slowing sales volume
in the U.S. as consumers continue to spend cautiously. The company also has
faced high costs for fuel, packaging and other commodities.

In addition, like other U.S. companies that do business in foreign markets, P&G
isn't getting the same benefits from foreign currency exchanges that it enjoyed
last year. When the dollar is weak, as it was for most of last year, revenue
raised overseas translates into more dollars when converted at headquarters.

The cost-cutting plan is an attempt to address these problems even as the
Cincinnati company keeps up spending on initiatives it sees as key for its
future growth. These include marketing new products like the single-unit dose
Tide Pods in North America and expanding Oral B in Latin America.

The job cuts, which include 1,600 jobs announced earlier this month, are
expected to be complete by the end of the fiscal year that ends June 2013. P&G
said that even though overall headcount will be reduced, hiring will continue in
growth areas such as China or emerging markets.

Procter & Gamble CEO Robert McDonald announced the moves at the Consumer Analyst
Group of New York conference in Boca Raton, Fla. The presentation was webcast.

Other parts of the cost-cutting plan include streamlining its operations and
cutting costs related to packaging and materials. The moves will cost $3.5
billion in restructuring over a four-year period.

The company now expects adjusted net income in fiscal 2012 of $3.93 to $4.03 per
share, from prior guidance of $4 to $4.10 per share. Analysts expect $4.06 per
share, according to FactSet. The guidance reflects P&G's agreement to sell its
Pringles business to Kellogg for $2.7 billion.

Shares rose $1.56, or 2.4 percent, to $66.

___ (c)2012 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120224-YC-P-G-job-cuts-won-t-affect-Wyoming-County-site-0224-20120224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2012 The Citizens' Voice


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday

Federal cuts won't affect Valdosta airport

BYLINE: Brittany D. McClure, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


March 07--VALDOSTA -- While the Federal Aviation Administration announced that
it will close 173 air traffic control towers on April 7 and another 16 towers
come Sept. 30 due to the forced spending cuts known as sequestration, the
Valdosta Regional Airport is in no danger.

"(Our tower) does not receive any federal funding," said Valdosta Regional
Airport Director and Manager Jim Galloway.

The air traffic controllers are employed by Advanced Air Traffic Control.

"They are a private company that operates the tower for us," said Galloway.

The tower itself is owned by the ValdostaLowndes County Airport Authority.

Advanced ATC has a partnership with Wiregrass Georgia Technical College.
Advanced ATC conducts ground and simulator training at Wiregrass for no cost
while Wiregrass students who are seeking their air traffic control certificate
conduct live traffic for free for Advanced ATC.

Galloway noted that there are always certified controllers in the tower at all
times and that all controllers are FAA certified.

"A private tower is not the norm," said Galloway.

There are two types of ways control towers normally function. There are FAA
federally operated towers manned by federal employees, and FAA contract towers
in which towers are staffed with contractors instead of FAA employees.

Up until early 2009, the Valdosta airport was a contract tower, and according to
reports by CNN, such towers handle approximately 28 percent of all control tower
operation, although the towers being cut account for a little less than 6
percent of commercial airline operations.

The control towers to be cut are slated to affect small- to medium-sized
airports and could possibly affect 27 airports in both Georgia and Florida.

"No final decisions have been made yet on tower closures," said an FAA
representative in response to an email from The Times.

According to a list on the FAA website titled "Air Traffic Control Facilities
That Could be Closed," Georgia airports include the Cobb CountyMcCollum Field
Airport in Atlanta, the Middle Georgia Regional Airport in Macon, the Gwinnett
County-Briscoe Field Airport in Lawrenceville, the Fulton County-Brown Field
Airport in Atlanta, the Columbus Metropolitan Airport in Columbus, the Athen-Ben
Epps Airport in Athens, and the Southwest Georgia Regional Airport in Albany.

Some Florida airports listed include the Cecil Airport in Jacksonville, the
Northeast Florida Regional Airport in St. Augustine, and the Craig Municipal
Airport in Jacksonville.

Tower closures would not necessarily result in airport closures, because some
aircraft can land without air traffic control help, according to CNN, and those
that need controller help can communicate with more distant FAA facilities.
However, the contract tower closings will contribute to the workload at other
FAA facilities, which will be coping with controller furloughs.

Various media outlets have additionally reported that spending cuts would affect
other FAA employees and staff such as Transportation Safety Administration
workers who are expected to be furloughed and furloughs for air traffic
controllers in towers that haven't been cut.

___ (c)2013 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130307-VD-Federal-cuts-won-t-affect-Valdosta-airport-0307-20130307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2013 The Valdosta Daily Times


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      March 10, 2003 Monday Final Edition

Study links thigh length to diabetes: Researchers speculate that some factor
that affects thigh length also affects risk of getting the disease

SOURCE: Associated Press

BYLINE: Daniel Haney

SECTION: Healthy Life; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 528 words

DATELINE: MIAMI BEACH, Fla.

MIAMI BEACH, Fla. -- People with slightly shorter than usual thighs have an
increased risk of diabetes, perhaps because of inadequate nutrition in early
childhood or in the womb, a study found.

The research, released Friday, adds to the evidence that growth and development
early in life influence the risk of a variety of diseases later on.

Earlier studies have found that short people are more prone to heart attacks. In
this report, researchers zeroed in on the length of the upper leg and found an
association both with the risk of diabetes and its precursor, called insulin
resistance.

"I'm not saying thigh length determines diabetes," said Dr. Keilo Asao. "Perhaps
some factor that affects thigh length also affects diabetes risk. It may be a
marker of early life nutrition."

Asao, a researcher at Johns Hopkins University, presented the data at a meeting
in Miami Beach of the American Heart Association. The study was based on a
national health survey of 8,738 U.S. men and women.

Insulin resistance, also called impaired glucose tolerance, often precedes
full-fledged diabetes. It occurs when the body cannot use insulin efficiently to
turn sugar into energy.

The researchers found that the average thigh length of men and women with normal
glucose tolerance was 40 centimetres. It was 39 centimetres for those with
insulin resistance and 38 centimetres in those with diabetes.

Asao noted that leg length is determined by both genes and nutrition. While the
thigh continues to grow until about age 20, how long it will get is determined
by about age four. Two earlier European studies have looked at overall leg
length and found a link with the risk of diabetes. The latest study is the first
to examine this in a large group of Americans and to focus on the thigh.

Other researchers said that while the results are intriguing, they do not
suggest anything people can do to avoid the risk of diabetes. "I would not go
out and get my thighs stretched, if that's possible," said Dr. Russell Luepker,
head of epidemiology at the University of Minnesota.

He noted that obesity is the leading cause of diabetes, which is increasing
rapidly. "We are in the midst of a diabetes epidemic, and we are all looking for
reasons for that," he said. "Is this really an indicator of inadequate nutrition
at some critical point in a person's life? This study raises that possibility."

Among other reports at the meeting Friday:

- Erica Gunderson of the Kaiser Permanente Foundation in California studied
1,960 young women and found that having a baby appears to lead to a lingering
decline in HDL, the good cholesterol that protects against heart disease.

- Karen Remsberg of Wright State University examined 360 girls and found that
those who had their first period before age 12 were fatter and had higher
cholesterol during their teen years.

- Smoking can be bad for men's sex lives. Dr. Jiang He of Tulane University
examined data on 4,764 Chinese men and found those who smoked more than a pack a
day had a 60 per cent higher than usual risk of impotence, even after such
factors as blood pressure and cholesterol were taken into consideration.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           December 18, 2008 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Baseball Notes: Furcal reaches agreement to stay in Los Angeles

BYLINE: From Inquirer Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. E07

LENGTH: 450 words


Rafael Furcal reached a preliminary agreement yesterday on a $33 million,
three-year contract that will keep him with the Los Angeles Dodgers.

Just one day earlier, the shortstop had been close to accepting a $30 million,
three-year offer from the Atlanta Braves, his original major-league team.

Furcal will get $7.5 million next season, $9.5 million in 2010 and $13 million
in 2011, a source told the Associated Press. The deal includes a $13 million
team option for 2012 with a $3 million buyout, and the option could become
guaranteed depending on his performance.

The 31-year-old Furcal, coming off a $39 million, three-year deal with the
Dodgers, played for the Braves from 2000 to '05.

He hit .357 with five homers and 16 RBIs last season but was limited to 36 games
and 143 at-bats by back problems. Furcal was hitting .366 through May 5 before
injuring his back.

Mets. Owner Jeff Wilpon said the massive theft allegedly conducted by financier
Bernard Madoff may hurt some of his partners but will not affect the team.

Federal investigators say Madoff may have stolen $50 billion from clients, a
group that included Sterling Equities, the Wilpon family's real estate company.

"The individual partners lost some money at Madoff," Wilpon said. "It doesn't
affect the Mets. It doesn't affect the Citi Field project. It doesn't affect any
of our other operating businesses."

He vehemently stated that the team was "uncategorically, totally, completely not
for sale."

"Not a piece of it, not a part of it, none of it," he said.

Bob DuPuy, baseball's chief operating officer, said that to the sport's
knowledge, no other major-league owners had invested with Madoff.

Wilpon said the millions of dollars the team set aside to fund deferred payments
owed players such as Mo Vaughn, as required by Article XVI of the sport's
collective bargaining agreement, were safe. Those funds are with the family's
investment company, Sterling Stamos Capital Management, LP, which did not invest
with Madoff.

Elsewhere. Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg will manage the Chicago Cubs' double-A
Tennessee Smokies, a Southern League team in Sevierville, Tenn., in 2009.
Sandberg managed the single-A Peoria Chiefs for the last two seasons. . . . The
Lancaster Barnstormers of the Atlantic League gave manager Von Hayes a two-year
contract extension. . . . New York Yankees pitcher Joba Chamberlain had his
arraignment on drunken-driving charges in Lincoln, Neb., delayed until Jan. 26.
. . . The Baltimore Orioles have fallen behind in the bidding for  first baseman
Mark Teixeira, ESPN reported. The Boston Red Sox, Los Angeles Angels and
Washington Nationals have offered more for Teixeira, according to the report.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              March 2, 2008 Sunday

Giants star talks family, education

BYLINE: Becky Orr

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. a3

LENGTH: 610 words


Former Bronco Domenik Hixon came to Cheyenne with his parents to help raise
money for Father Factor.

By Becky Orr

borr@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Marvin Hixon said his life changed on Oct. 8, 1984, with the birth of
his son Domenik.

"All of a sudden now, I'm a dad," the elder Hixon said Saturday. "Once he was
born, I knew I had a responsibility. Whatever affects me, affects him. Whatever
affects me, affects my wife."

Hixon said he and his wife, Brigit, always put their son first.

The three came to Cheyenne Saturday to help raise money for the Father Factor,
an organization that helps all local fathers.

Domenik Hixon, 23, is a wide receiver and return man for the New York Giants,
the team that won Super Bowl XLII. He also has played for the Denver Broncos.

The three came to Cheyenne after Domenik's parents met Damion Aldana at a
playoff game in Dallas between the Dallas Cowboys and the Giants.

Aldana of Cheyenne is executive director for the Father Factor.

They met about a month and a half ago when they stayed at the same hotel. They
have become good friends, Aldana said.

Aldana wanted the Hixons to share qualities in their family with people in
Cheyenne.

Communication, respect, love and their strong faith in God are important aspects
of their lives.

"There's no book on fatherhood," said Marvin Hixon. "It's a lot of trial and
error and praying. And mostly praying."

Parents need to be parents. "You hear people say that 'my child is my best
friend,'" he said. "No way. If your child is your best friend, you've got some
issues, because you're the parent," he said.

"I tell my child that I'm never going to stop being your dad. Never."

But he has to tell his son what he thinks is important. "If I don't tell you
what I think is right, then I'm failing you as a parent. You're not my friend.
You're my son."

Parents need to be positive.

"Before you act and say something or do something, you need to think about it.
It could be devastating on your child," the elder Hixon said.

Domenik spoke of the sacrifices his parents made for him. They always have been
there for him.

When he was in second grade, he told his teacher his dream for the future. "She
looked at me in almost disgust," he said, and told him how few people attain
such dreams.

See HIXON, page A5

He told his parents. "They told me don't worry about her. Just keep on doing
what you're doing and you'll be all right," he said. That meant a lot because it
showed they were on his side.

It's never too early for parents to talk to kids about not doing drugs or
drinking alcohol, he said.

"Anything that you want to be successful in, trust me, it doesn't involve drugs.
You don't have to drink," Domenik said.

He never really enjoyed school much, he said, but his parents helped him. "They
sat down and did homework with me."

When he was 11 or 12, he decided he wanted to play college sports. His dad was
in the military and his family lived in Germany then.

But his parents moved to the United States to help him achieve that dream. His
mom did so even though she was born and raised in Germany. "It's truly a
blessing they were willing to do that for me."

His parents taught him the importance of education. When he was a sophomore in
high school, he planned to play varsity corner on the football team.

But his grades weren't quite up to par. His coach said he could play, but his
dad said no.

"I was devastated," Domenik said. "But that was a wake-up call. The thing is I
play football, yes, but my education will last me long past my football career."

Parents must work together to raise their children and not send conflicting
messages, the elder Hixon said. "The most important thing should be the child."

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                           January 1, 2004, Thursday

Old, new country; Thad Cockrell plays the country music of days gone by

BYLINE: Amy Hotz, Staff Writer

SECTION: Currents; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 660 words


If North Carolina singer-songwriter Thad Cockrell wanted to hear the pure
country music that set his soul on fire, he had to go somewhere and listen to a
radio. Although gospel was sung all around him, his daddy, a Baptist preacher,
wouldn't allow mainstream records in the house.

Those upbringings still affect a lot of the style and even some of the lyrics
that color Mr. Cockrell's "pure country" music today. With a voice sort of
between that of James Taylor and John Denver, the tunes have all the twang of
the old masters, the heart of old-time gospel and the guitar riffs of modern
music.

Over the years, this preacher's son grew up, broke through the Raleigh music
scene and hit the road. He'll be performing 3 p.m. Saturday at Best Buy, 309 S.
College Road, to promote his first full-length album, Warmth & Beauty, and
spread the word.

Currents: You're from Kansas City, grew up in Florida and have spent seven years
in North Carolina. Does geography affect your songwriting and if so, how?

Thad Cockrell: I don't know that geography affects it. You never know what
affects songwriting. To me, people affect my song writing. I say that, but
there's a lot of bluegrass around here and some bluegrass influence does get
through.

Currents: Your dad is a Baptist preacher who didn't allow albums in the house,
so you developed a lot of your love for music through the radio. Was it an
"always want what you can't get" phenomenon that made you want to pursue a
career in country music?

Mr. Cockrell: We had southern gospel and a lot of that was very country. I heard
it when I was real young. There wasn't even a question. I just loved it. I can
remember even when I was 3 I loved it, hearing Charlie Richbehind closed doors.
If a kid was going to be rebellious, country is hardly the way to go.

Currents: What does your daddy think about you and your music now?

Mr. Cockrell: He's incredibly supportive. He loves it. They're very supportive
in every way. He listens to the songs on the way to church every day and
everyone in the car with him has to listen to his son.

Currents: You're proud about not doing "alternative country," but country took
off in the mid '90s and developed a lot of crossover music and crossover
listeners. Do you think this was good or bad for the genre?

Mr. Cockrell: I don't consider that stuff country at all. It's garbage to me. I
don't understand how people get into that music. If I listened to that growing
up, my buddies would beat me up. It's really the commercialism of Nashville.
Everything sounds like a commercial today and what's happening is, radio is not
trying to find songs that are cool any more. They're not trying to play music to
make people tune in, they're just trying to play music to keep people from
tuning out.

Currents: What is your definition of "straight up" country?

Mr. Cockrell: To me, it's about music. I don't' know what music is. It's kind of
like flannel. You know it when you touch it. I know it when I hear it.
Basically, if it's good, it goes back to the blues in some way.

Currents:What was your goal with Warmth & Beauty?

Mr. Cockrell:To make a record that I would want to listen to. I think you want
to make something that people would like, but ultimately you can't pay attention
to what people would like.

Willie Nelson, when he made Redheaded Stranger, go back and listen to what was
being played on the radio then. Nobody would have expected something like that
and I think it paid off. Everyone knows who Willie Nelson is.

Currents:Why did you decide to promote your new album with a live performance at
Best Buy?

Mr. Cockrell: The label lined it up and I think around here Best Buy has
probably sold more CDs of mine than other places.

Currents:Do you have any ideas about what you want to do on future albums?

Mr. Cockrell:Yeah, I have some ideas.

Currents: You're not going to give them up?

Mr. Cockrell: (laughing) Exactly.


LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of Thad Cockrell. Thad Cockrell plays Best Buy on Saturday.

                            Copyright 2004 Star News


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 29, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEF: Power plant shutdown will affect LREC

BYLINE: Tom Hintgen, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 213 words


Nov. 29--PELICAN RAPIDSPelican Rapids-based Lake Region Electric Cooperative
will be affected financially by a decision from Great River Energy to shut down
a coal-burning plant near Jamestown, N.D. The decision will impact LREC's
fixed-rate cost structure that will affect co-op rates.

Great River Energy, owned by 28 Minnesota electric cooperatives, including LREC,
told the Associated Press that a combination of factors caused it to reconsider
running the plant near Jamestown.

The power plant at Spiritwood, N.D., near Jamestown, cost $437 million to build.
Capacity is close to 200 megawatts. A larger Great River Energy coal-fired
plant, with two units of over 600 megawatts, is located northwest of Bismarck,
N.D.

Great River executives said they will keep the plant near Jamestown off-line
until 2013, or longer. Vice president Rick Lancaster told the Minneapolis Star
Tribune the cooperative has budgeted $30 million next year to maintain the
plant.

LREC serves mostly farms and other rural areas in west central Minnesota. The
headquarters is on the south side of Pelican Rapids.

___ (c)2011 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111129-1FF-BRF-Power-plant-shutdown-will-affect-LREC-20111129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2011 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                            Old Second Bancorp, Inc.

                             37 South River Street
                               Aurora,  IL 60507
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Old Second is a bank holding company based in the US. It provides a range of
financial and banking products and services to corporate and individual clients.
The company's broad product and service portfolio, strong bottom-line
performance and strong capital adequacy are the major strengths, even as its
decrease in cash position and limited branch network remain major areas of
concern. In future, intense competition, fluctuations in interest rates and
changing regulations may affect the company's business performance. However,
growing US economy, growing cards and payments channel in the US and booming
mortgage market in the US may provide new growth avenues for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-à-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address bank stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. The good capital management enabled
the company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required to
maintain a total capital ratio of 10.0%, and Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of
5.0% under Basel III rules. The company reported total capital ratio of 15.23%
and Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 9.94% during FY2015, meeting the regulatory
requirements. Prudent capital management initiative of the company strengthened
its capital, which in turn, will enable it to withstand periods of banking
stress.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps Old Second to serve a wide range of
customers. The company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of banking and
financial products and services. Its product offerings include savings accounts,
checking accounts, certificate of deposits, debit cards, credit cards, mortgage
loans, auto loans, personal loans and home loans. Its service offerings include
foreign currency, credit solutions, risk solutions, treasury management
solutions, financial planning, investment management, real estate services and
trust administration. Such a wide range of product and service offerings drives
Old Second's top-line performance.

STRONG BOTTOM LINE PERFORMANCE


Strong bottom-line performance is strength for the company. The company reported
increase in operating income and net income. The operating income of the company
increased by 53.2%, from US$15.9 million in FY2014 to US$24.3 million in FY2015.
The operating income of the company increased due to decrease in non-interest
expenses. The non-interest expenses of the company declined by 8.1%, from US$
82.9 million in FY2014 to US$76.2 million in FY2015.The net income of the
company increased by 51.8%, from US$10.1 million in FY2014 to US$15.4 million in
FY2015. Such strong bottom-line performance would help the company to pursue its
growth plans, aggressively.


WEAKNESSES:


DECREASE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and due from
banks declined by 10.6%, from US$30.1 million in FY2014 to US$26.9 million in
FY2015. The declined cash and dues from banks may affect the working capital
requirement of the company, which in turn may affect the company's business
operations.

LIMITED BRANCH NETWORK


The limited network of branches of company's subsidiary bank Old Second National
Bank is a concern for the company. The company operates through a network of 24
branches in Illinois. Contrary to this, the company's competitor such as BMO
Harris Bank and West Suburban Bank operates through a network of 40 and 39
branches respectively. Such limited network of branches puts the company at
disadvantage. It also restricts company's market share and limits growth
options. Therefore, limited branch network compared to its competitors may put
competitive pressure on the company's operations, whilst limiting the revenue
sources for company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY OF THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.4%. It is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
banking solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
banking solutions provider in the US such as Old Second.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR CARD PAYMENT INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. The company's subsidiary bank, a
provider of debit, prepaid and credit cards in the US, is placed well to benefit
from this.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The company through its banking subsidiary offers mortgage services.
The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected to
register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,558 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand
for mortgage products and services offered by the bank, in turn driving its
top-line performance.


THREATS:


CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's banking businesses are regulated by various governmental and
regulatory authorities in the US. The introduction of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act may pose a significant threat for the
company's operations. Under this act, the federal government established
Financial Stability Oversight Council. The council have the authoritative power
to break up large companies that may pose risk to the financial system due to
their large size and the council also have the authoritative power to liquidate
and restructure company's which it is financially weak. Such act would
significantly pose threat for the company to operate and acquire new businesses.
Thus, introduction of new government acts may have a negative impact on the
company's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATION IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's subsidiary bank's business
performance. Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and
other assets, including bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and
consequently the fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing
interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the
principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are
highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control, including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the money supply and the
policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest
rates might impact the operating performance of the bank as its income and
investment returns depend on the level of interest rates.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect Old Second's business and profitability. The
company faces competition from private banks, foreign banks and other financial
institutions. It competes with its competitors based on various factors
including products and services, interest rates, distribution network, price,
quality and brand image. Some of its major competitors include BMO Harris Bank,
West Suburban Bank, US Bank, Wintrust Financial Corporation, Private Bancorp
inc., MB Financial Inc, First Midwest Bancorp Inc. and Fifth Third Bank. Such
intense competition may affect the company's market position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 21, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

ON LANGUAGE

BYLINE: By William Safire

SECTION: Section 6; Page 9, Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 1321 words


Bargaining Chip

One great goal of this column is to discover the metaphoric basis of the phrase
''bargaining chip.'' '''Bargaining chip' is a poker expression,'' writes Peter
Fessenden of Brunswick, Me., ''somehow loosely derived from the threat to raise
to the roof (or, by a $1,000 chip) if the fellow across the table has the
temerity to raise by so much as a penny. It is a throwaway threat, since it is
seldom followed through.''

A different poker theory is advanced by Ara Daglian of New York: ''When playing
cutthroat you can call and raise, but kitchen-style gaming changed that. When it
is your raise, and you do not know what's up, you bet a low chip - the
bargaining chip -to find out who thinks they have what. The same applies to any
bargaining situation.  It keeps you in the game ... Lets you come back with
another raise, high or low, or a drop.''

Perhaps the bargaining chip has nothing at all to do with poker.  Some people
think it was spawned in war gaming, which frequently calls for the use of
counters or tokens. Other speculators take the ''sweetener'' line: ''A diamond
chip,'' writes Martin Willsted of New York, ''as used in settings of wedding
rings, might very well have been the sweetener to clinch the sale or exchange.''
A.J. Gracia of Southbury, Conn., works the same side of the street, but with a
different chip: ''A 'bargaining chip' is that extra consideration one 'chips in'
to bring a barter or sale to fruition. ... No Yankee worth his salt will ever
conclude a trade with an 'outlander' without extracting the extra toll of a
'bargaining chip.'''

Others have put forward a ''cow chips'' theory, from those dried pieces of
manure long used in the West for fuel. Paul Klein, a lawyer of Cold Spring,
N.Y., goes further, suggesting that an Indian word for buffalo is
''bah-gannah'': ''Presumably the invading Englishspeaking frontierspeople,
overhearing Indians striking a deal, misheard the throwing-in of a 'bah-gannah
chip' as a 'bargaining chip.''' Mr. Klein is pulling my leg (and readers will
kindly refrain from sending in speculative etymologies for the expression
''pulling my leg'').

Bill Higginbotham, of Fort Worth, Tex., describes it as ''the amount of earnest
a bargainer was willing to put up as a chip on account. The older phrase was
'bargain penny.''' That merits serious consideration: The O.E.D. has a 1490
citation of ''bargayn peny'' with that meaning.

To phrase detectives - and we're all Inspector Javert on this miserable
assignment -the most exciting lead was provided by Lewis Anderson Jr., of
Brooklyn, who dug his clue out of the 20-volume Century Dictionary of the
English Language, published in 1890. Here is the entry in its entirety:
''bargain-chop, n. A kind of gambling 'option' on opium to arrive, formerly
common among foreign traders in China.''

Think about that: Maybe we've all been misled by ''chip.'' The English dialect
word ''chop'' has long been associated with bartering: ''To chop horses'' meant
to trade horses. Also, ''chop'' in an Oriental context has been used to mean
''seal,'' such as a mark placed on an agreement in Hong Kong. In Hindi, chapp
means ''to print. The change from ''bargain-chop'' to ''bargaining chip'' is
slight, as is the change in meaning from a futures bet to a negotiating device.

In etymology, nothing beats a printed citation; so far, the best we have is that
1890 Century Dictionary use. The search goes on, with evergreater intensity,
because the Reagan Administration cannot resolutely undertake a new round of
SALT negotiations without a firm source for ''bargaining chip.'' (We can reject
the nuclear ''fission chips,'' a brainchild of Samuel Beckoff of Monroe, N.Y.)
Are there any Lexicographic Irregulars in Hong Kong who remember
''bargainchop''? I wish we had something to trade for the definitive etymology.

One 'V'

''Now that the conservatives appear to have taken control of government,''
writes Roy Furman of New York, ''can we find out what happens to the second V in
the movement toward conservatism?'' Why isn't what conservatives believe in
called ''conservativism''?

Both ''conservatism'' and ''conservativism'' have been kicking around since the
1830's to describe the political philosophy of those who want to drag a foot as
political life picks up speed. The two words mean the same; ''conservatism'' has
become preferred because it is easier to say. (Then why are doctors perversely
changing ''preventive'' to ''preventative''? Because doctors like to say things
the hard way.)

''Another point is this,'' advises Anne Soukhanov of American Heritage. ''The
base is conservat-. The adjectival suffix -ive means 'having a tendency to;
having the nature, character, or quality of.' On the other hand, -ism is a noun
suffix meaning 'a doctrine, theory, or principle.' Thus, the addition of the
noun suffix -ism to the base conservat- is more succinct and is devoid of the
extraneous adjectival suffix -ive.''

In other words, conservatism saves space.

Unacceptable

''The corvine postures of some leaders during the Carter years,'' wrote William
Toombs of Kent, England, to The New York Times recently, ''notably Senators
Henry Jackson and Edward Kennedy, standing by to see how popular the President's
initiatives might be before offering public support, is unacceptable.''

Good word, ''corvine''; it means ''like a crow or raven.'' Occasionally, the
obscure adjective is used to mean ''black,'' but the word also can be used to
call up an image of crows on a fence, just looking and waiting.

''Unacceptable,'' however, won't do. It is a 1960's word, in great vogue during
the Great Society, nearly as favored by liberals as ''compassion.'' Conversely,
''won't do'' is unacceptable - it has a British establishment ring, and carries
a connotation even more elitist than ''unacceptable.''

Roget's II, American Heritage's new thesaurus, has a good suggestion to denote
the arousal of disapproval which is not such a cliche as ''unacceptable'':
''objectionable.'' Try it, during a corvine mood; and if you are really worked
up, go all the way to Arthur Schlesinger Jr.'s favorite term: ''odious.''

The Affect Effect

''People who choose to be in the public eye,'' I thundered in a political
column, ''- to affect public policy - should own up to what they own.''

Betty Pomerantz, a Times copy editor who has saved me from countless
embarrassments, and was in no way responsible for the misspelling of
''canister'' in this space recently, queried my use of ''affect.''

The confusion between ''affect'' and ''effect'' stems from this: When you affect
anything, you have an effect on it. As a verb, ''affect'' means ''influence'';
as a noun, ''effect'' means the same thing. The big difference comes when you
use ''effect'' as a verb - its meaning then becomes ''accomplish'' or
''execute.'' (Watch out for ''affect'' in another verbal role, meaning ''to
feign'' -as in ''to affect an accent'' -best known in its noun form as an
''affectation.'')

So which was right? To ''affect'' public policy means to have an influence upon
it, and to ''effect'' it means to carry out government programs. Which did I
mean? I meant both - and although ''effect'' is not ordinarily applied to
people, there's no law against using it that way.

The line came out ''who affect and effect public policy'' - covering both
pundits and politicians. My gratitude, Miss Pomerantz.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: cartoon

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              April 1, 2013 Monday

Magid: Dealing with spam and cyberattacks

BYLINE: By Larry Magid for the Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 819 words


Back in the early '90s, then Vice President Al Gore spoke of the Internet as an
"information superhighway." While that's a somewhat imperfect analogy, the
Internet and highways do have some things in common. Both can move traffic and
both can become too clogged up for traffic to move swiftly.

A traffic jam on a real highway can affect that road and any other roads that
connect to it and the same can be true for the information highway.

And while most traffic jams are a result of an accident or too many vehicles (or
data packets in the case of the Internet) legitimately trying to get from place
to place, they can also be slowed down deliberately, as happened in Brussels
last September when about 100 trucks slowed traffic entering the city as part of
a planned protest.

Last week, a small Dutch Internet service provider called CyberBunker initiated
a traffic jam of its own. Its apparent goal wasn't to slow down the entire
Internet but to bring down the services of Spamhaus -- a spam fighting
organization that had added CyberBunker to its block lists for allegedly
allowing its customers to send spam around the world. CyberBunker advertises
that customers "are allowed to host any content they like, except child porn and
anything related to terrorism. Everything else is fine."

According to published reports, that traffic jam affected servers around the
world and impacted ordinary people thousands of miles away who weren't able to
watch online video or access other Web services as a result of a protest on
another continent.

It's a scary thought and a reminder of how this "global village" we live in is
so interconnected that we can no longer afford to ignore problems that affect
"other people," because they can affect us, too. Of course that's long been true
to a certain extent -- a fire in an oil field in the Middle East can affect gas
prices in our Midwest; a poor wheat harvest in Kansas could affect bread prices
in Russia; a storm in New York can affect air traffic in San Francisco. But on
the Internet, the impact can be immediate and widespread.

This is one reason international bodies such as the United Nations hold
occasional global forums like the Internet Governance Forum or the International
Telecommunications Union (ITU) World Conference on International
Telecommunications to talk about coordinated strategies to keep traffic flowing
on our global highway. Of course, even these bodies are not without their
controversy. Late last year, the United States led a coalition of countries that
refused to sign an International Telecommunications Regulations treaty because
it proposed regulations that many Western countries considered to be a threat to
the open Internet.

Without getting into the specifics of the ITU treaty, the general issue of
control vs. openness is one that needs to be looked at in light of today's
threat landscape. We need global cooperation to help thwart attacks and keep
traffic moving. But we don't need cyber police around the world stopping traffic
for no legitimate reason just to see what's in the trunk, so to speak.

Solving international cybercrime poses both legal and technical challenges. Dave
Rand, who co-founded the Mail Abuse Prevention System (MAPS) and is now a
technical fellow at Trend Micro, pointed out in an interview that it's possible
for spam to be sent from Antigua advertising a virus site in Canada with payment
processed in the Virgin Islands, and with domain name servers in the United
States and a fulfillment service in India.

"Where does law enforcement start?" he asked. "It's very difficult for law
enforcement to get a handle on it because there are no effective transnational
laws for the Internet." Finding a way to balance privacy, security and the legal
aspect of the Internet as a whole is a "deep dark problem," Rand said.

Rand said it's up to the private sector to "apply appropriate pressures at the
right time." He pointed to an example from 2008, where a series of articles from
then Washington Post columnist Brian Krebs pressured upstream Internet service
providers into cutting off access to McColo, a San Jose-based company that was
hosting spam sites. "At that moment," said Rand, "spam on the Internet dropped
by more than 50 percent."

Rand said that it's time to put international pressure on CyberBunker's upstream
providers that link them with the global Internet.

I might add that it's also appropriate to continue international conversations
about beefing up cross-border cooperation and international laws that can help
protect the Internet. I am well aware of the potential for overregulation or
oppressive laws, as we found at that last ITU meeting, but we also need to find
better ways to protect our shared infrastructure while also protecting national
sovereignty and an open Internet.

Contact Larry Magid atlarry@larrymagid.com . Listen for his technology chats on
KCBS-AM (740) weekdays at 3:50 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              April 1, 2013 Monday

Magid: Dealing with spam and cyberattacks

BYLINE: By Larry Magid for the Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Columnists; Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 819 words


Back in the early '90s, then Vice President Al Gore spoke of the Internet as an
"information superhighway." While that's a somewhat imperfect analogy, the
Internet and highways do have some things in common. Both can move traffic and
both can become too clogged up for traffic to move swiftly.

A traffic jam on a real highway can affect that road and any other roads that
connect to it and the same can be true for the information highway.

And while most traffic jams are a result of an accident or too many vehicles (or
data packets in the case of the Internet) legitimately trying to get from place
to place, they can also be slowed down deliberately, as happened in Brussels
last September when about 100 trucks slowed traffic entering the city as part of
a planned protest.

Last week, a small Dutch Internet service provider called CyberBunker initiated
a traffic jam of its own. Its apparent goal wasn't to slow down the entire
Internet but to bring down the services of Spamhaus -- a spam fighting
organization that had added CyberBunker to its block lists for allegedly
allowing its customers to send spam around the world. CyberBunker advertises
that customers "are allowed to host any content they like, except child porn and
anything related to terrorism. Everything else is fine."

According to published reports, that traffic jam affected servers around the
world and impacted ordinary people thousands of miles away who weren't able to
watch online video or access other Web services as a result of a protest on
another continent.

It's a scary thought and a reminder of how this "global village" we live in is
so interconnected that we can no longer afford to ignore problems that affect
"other people," because they can affect us, too. Of course that's long been true
to a certain extent -- a fire in an oil field in the Middle East can affect gas
prices in our Midwest; a poor wheat harvest in Kansas could affect bread prices
in Russia; a storm in New York can affect air traffic in San Francisco. But on
the Internet, the impact can be immediate and widespread.

This is one reason international bodies such as the United Nations hold
occasional global forums like the Internet Governance Forum or the International
Telecommunications Union (ITU) World Conference on International
Telecommunications to talk about coordinated strategies to keep traffic flowing
on our global highway. Of course, even these bodies are not without their
controversy. Late last year, the United States led a coalition of countries that
refused to sign an International Telecommunications Regulations treaty because
it proposed regulations that many Western countries considered to be a threat to
the open Internet.

Without getting into the specifics of the ITU treaty, the general issue of
control vs. openness is one that needs to be looked at in light of today's
threat landscape. We need global cooperation to help thwart attacks and keep
traffic moving. But we don't need cyber police around the world stopping traffic
for no legitimate reason just to see what's in the trunk, so to speak.

Solving international cybercrime poses both legal and technical challenges. Dave
Rand, who co-founded the Mail Abuse Prevention System (MAPS) and is now a
technical fellow at Trend Micro, pointed out in an interview that it's possible
for spam to be sent from Antigua advertising a virus site in Canada with payment
processed in the Virgin Islands, and with domain name servers in the United
States and a fulfillment service in India.

"Where does law enforcement start?" he asked. "It's very difficult for law
enforcement to get a handle on it because there are no effective transnational
laws for the Internet." Finding a way to balance privacy, security and the legal
aspect of the Internet as a whole is a "deep dark problem," Rand said.

Rand said it's up to the private sector to "apply appropriate pressures at the
right time." He pointed to an example from 2008, where a series of articles from
then Washington Post columnist Brian Krebs pressured upstream Internet service
providers into cutting off access to McColo, a San Jose-based company that was
hosting spam sites. "At that moment," said Rand, "spam on the Internet dropped
by more than 50 percent."

Rand said that it's time to put international pressure on CyberBunker's upstream
providers that link them with the global Internet.

I might add that it's also appropriate to continue international conversations
about beefing up cross-border cooperation and international laws that can help
protect the Internet. I am well aware of the potential for overregulation or
oppressive laws, as we found at that last ITU meeting, but we also need to find
better ways to protect our shared infrastructure while also protecting national
sovereignty and an open Internet.

Contact Larry Magid atlarry@larrymagid.com . Listen for his technology chats on
KCBS-AM (740) weekdays at 3:50 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man types on a computer keyboard in Warsaw in this February 28, 2013
illustration file picture. One of the largest ever cyber attacks is slowing
global internet services after an organisation blocking "spam" content became a
target, with some experts saying the disruption could get worse. REUTERS/Kacper
Pempel/Files

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 9, 2012 Monday

Corn prices affect livestock

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 603 words


July 09--FARGO, N.D. -- Tim Petry, North Dakota State University Extension
Service livestock marketing economist, says the recent run-up in corn prices is
having an opposite effect on many of the region's livestock producers, who are
constantly adjusting production to meet market conditions.

North Dakota has about 1 million beef cows, producing some 900,000 calves. More
than half of those calves are background-fed, even though they may not be fed to
a slaughter weight, and will be affected. The number of producers feeding cattle
has tended to grow.

Larry Schnell, manager of Stockmen's Livestock Exchange in Dickinson, N.D., says
the climbing corn prices mean the feeder calf prices for fall and even for
yearlings will be lower than what cattlemen had been looking at all summer.
"Some of the futures on feeder cattle dropped over 10 bucks (per hundredweight),
but I think they'll come back. Whether you're feeding or not, (the price of
corn) is going to affect the price of calves and yearlings."

The rule

Petry says the price of corn can have a dramatic impact on revenues for cow-calf
producers. "As a rule, a change in the corn price of 10 cents a bushel can
change fall feeder cattle prices by a dollar (per hundredweight) in the opposite
direction," Petry says.

The rapid run-up in corn prices of $1.50 to $1.60 per bushel is having its
effect on beef, but also other species. Hogs and chickens eat concentrated feed,
largely corn, from day one, so the price of corn impacts them, too.

"In three weeks, hog production went from being profitable to not profitable
because of the run-up in corn," Petry says. Dairy production was marginally
profitable a month ago and is probably going to be challenging going forward.
"Even though milk prices are relatively high, they have not kept up," he says.

North Dakota and South Dakota have more sheep, but that species of sheep is less
dependent on corn than any of the major livestock groups, Petry says. "They stay
on grass longer in the fall and don't need as much corn, in the end, to reach
market," he says.

Feeder lamb prices reached record-highs last year and generally are down $15 to
$20 per hundredweight from last year. The ethnic market demand for lamb is good,
but last year the drought in the south -- particularly Texas and New Mexico --
sent a lot of lambs to the feedlot early -- where they gained weight faster,
creating a backlog with the packers. Some of the lambs were kept too long on
feed and quality declined, Petry says.

"We had to work our way through heavy lambs, with more meat on the market," he
says.

Other, bigger factors

Increasingly hot and dry regions in western North Dakota and farther west will
have a bigger impact on livestock numbers than the nominal price of corn,
Schnell says. "I expect to see calves coming off cows earlier than normal, and I
think people will continue to keep their herds small," he says.

On the bullish side, many of the really good feeders may have taken some market
protection against soaring corn prices. Also, Schnell expects some producers are
contemplating how they might capitalize on the Northern Beef Packers plant in
Aberdeen, S.D., currently under construction.

Schnell thinks that until the doors are opened and cattle are going through it,
many producers won't go far in their expansion plans. "I think everybody hopes
it'll come about," he says. The plant initially was expected to open last fall,
but has been held up with various financial challenges.

___ (c)2012 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120709-AW-Corn-prices-affect-livestock-0709-20120709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2012 Agweek


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Regulatory update: Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia; DSCI
Holdings Corporation, DSCI, LLC, has submitted ( TA08-11 ) DSCI Holdings
Corporation, DSCI, LLC, Supplement to its application.

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia has issued
the following document:



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

 OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

 Joint Application of

 DSCI Holdings Corporation,

 DSCI, LLC

 and

 U.S. TelePacific Corp.



 for Approval for the Transfer of Control of

 DSCI, LLC to U.S. TelePacific Corp.

 Case No. TA08-11-9

 SUPPLEMENT TO APPLICATION

 DSCI Holdings Corporation ("Parent"), DSCI, LLC, and U.S. TelePacific Corp.

 ("TelePacific") (collectively, the "Applicants"), by their undersigned counsel,
supplement their

 Application filed on March 17, 2016 to specifically address the following five
standards set

 forth in 15 DCMR § 251 l.2(d).

 (1) How will the proposed transaction affect competition in the District of
Columbia?

 The transfer of control of DSCI, LLC to TelePacific through a merger of DSCI,
LLC

 with a TelePacific direct subsidiary (the "Transaction") will not adversely
affect competition in

 the District of Columbia because DSCI, LLC will continue to operate in the
District of Columbia

 immediately following completion of the Transaction. As stated in the
Application, the Transaction

 will help strengthen the competitive position of DSCI, LLC and the combined
companies

 will be able to compete more effectively against incumbent carries and larger
competitive

 earners.

 DBl/ 87052620.2

 (2) How will the proposed transaction affect universal service?

 The Transaction will not affect universal service. DSCI, LLC will continue to
contribute

 to the Universal Service Trust Fund as may be required. Further, DSCI, LLC does
not receive

 universal service funds for services it provides in the District of Columbia.

 (3) How will the proposed transaction affect public safety and welfare?

 The Transaction will not affect public safety and welfare. As described in the
Application,

 DSCI, LLC will continue to be operated by highly experienced, well-qualified
management,

 operating and technical personnel and will have access to the financial,
operational and managerial

 resources of TelePacific.

 ( 4) Will the proposed transaction affect the quality of local
telecommunications services?

 The Transaction will not affect the quality of local telecommunications
services. DSCI,

 LLC will continue to provide the same telecommunications services it currently
provides.

 (5) How will the proposed transaction affect consumer rights?

 The Transaction described in this Application will not affect consumer rights.
As stated

 in the Application, the rates, terms and conditions of service to customers of
DSCI, LLC will not

 change as a result of the Transaction.

 DB I/ 87052620.2

 WHEREFORE, for the reasons stated above and in the Application, Applicants
respectfully

 request the Commission grant the transfer of control ofDSCI, LLC to
TelePacific.

 Michael P. Donahue

 Marashlian & Donahue, PLLC

 1420 Spring Hill Road, Suite 401

 McLean, VA 22102

 Tel: (703) 714-1319

 Fax: (703) 563-6222

 mpd@commlawgroup.com

 Attorney for DSC! Holdings Corporation

 and DSC!, LLC

 Dated: March 31, 2016

 DBI/ 87052620.2

 Respectfully submitted,

 Andrew Lipman

 Danielle Burt

 Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP

 2020 K Street N.W.

 Washington, DC 20006-1806

 Tel: (202) 373 6000

 Fax: (202) 373 6001

 E-mail: andrew.lipman@morganlewis.com

 danielle.burt@morganlewis.com

 Attorneys for US. TelePacific Corp.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               paymentssource.com

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Mastercard CEO on Trump travel ban: 'What affects one of us, affects all of us'

BYLINE: David Heun

SECTION: Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 681  words


Technology and payments providers alike are worried President Donald Trump's
executive order on immigration could hurt research and development and create
difficulties for international employees.

"I am an immigrant to this wonderful country," said Mastercard CEO Ajay Banga in
a Jan. 30 memo to employees. Banga, who has been CEO at Purchase, N.Y.-based
Mastercard since 2010, grew up and attended schools in India. "I came here
midway through my career and have, over the past years, made this my home and
pledged my allegiance to all that the Constitution stands for."

Banga went on to say America has offered his family "all sorts of opportunities
and joys," citing the education his daughters have received and the career he
has been able to enjoy.

The diversity of Mastercard's workforce is "our strongest weapon to be
innovative and creative," Banga said. "In our industry, with its pace of change,
surrounding yourself with people who don't look like you and have had different
experiences from you is the best way to ensure you don't have some blind spots,
that you are get differing points of view and that you feel the pressure and
pleasure of designing products and services for a diverse world."

Trump's executive order bars people from mostly Muslim countries, including
Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, from entering the U.S. for
at least 90 days. The White House has declared that green card holders from
those countries won't be barred from entry, but confusion reigned in the first
days of the policy change, leading many concerned about what could be next and
how it affects global employees.

Banga admitted the direct impact of the executive order on Mastercard may be
limited, but noted, "What affects one of us, affects all of us."

In that regard, Mastercard is in "close contact with our impacted employees and
have mobilized our resources to work on behalf of them and their families,"
Banga added.

Citigroup was more direct,criticizingthe travel ban, saying it was worried about
the impact on consumers and staff.Goldman Sachswas also critical, while JPMorgan
Chase praised diversity as well as maintaining the need to keep the U.S.
safe.Silicon Valley executives, which have largely been opposed to Trump
positions on issues such as internet access, have been debating how far to go in
protesting Trump's travel policy, noting that many staff and executives at
technology companies are immigrants.

Most of them have been citing the need to view the sudden change in U.S. policy
as something with long-term ramifications, noting that many in the technology
and payments worlds are either immigrants or descendants of immigrants.

The response to the directive to keep refugees from certain Middle East
countries with track records in terrorism has sparked massive protests at
airports across the country. The White House maintains it is is a safety
precaution to evaluate the vetting process for refugees from war-torn terrorist
havens and determine next steps, while detractors in Congress said it does
nothing to secure the U.S. and instead incites and mobilizes terrorist cells.
The potential business ramifications from executives across many industries has
followed.

While the immigration ruling stirred quick rebuttal, payments and technology
companies are also wary about other moves during Trump's first week in office.

Trump's executive order to start the process of constructing a security wall
along the U.S.-Mexico border has been looked upon in some business circles as a
deterrent to cross-border payments and commerce. Trump, in fact, has
suggestedstopping remittancesbetween the U.S. and Mexico as a way to force
Mexico to pay for the border wall.

Payments industry analysts and executives are also watching closely asAlibaba's
Ant Financialmoves forward on its deal to buy MoneyGram, thus bringing an
Asia-based company into direct competition with U.S. money-transfer companies.
It is unclear whether that deal may hit some roadblocks under Treasury
Department scrutiny, considering Trump's past rhetoric on business dealings with
China.

URL: http://www.paymentssource.com/news/mastercard-ceo-on-trump-travel-ban-what-
affects-one-of-us-affects-all-of-us

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Ohio: Dr. Kristine Turko to Speak at LINC Luncheon

LENGTH: 191 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: University of Mount Union, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



 Dr. Kristine Turko, associate professor of psychology at Mount Union, will
present at the second LINC event of the fall on Tuesday, October 27 in the East
Room of the Hoover-Price Campus Center.





 Turko will present &ldquo;Cognition and Marketing: How our Memory and Attention
Affect Consumer Behaviors.&rdquo;



 Turko will discuss how cognitive processes, like memory and attention, affect a
person's likelihood of consuming products and services. She will discuss how
one's attention to an advertisement affects decision making, how memory affects
product purchasing and brand loyalty and how a person's interaction with the
internet affects consumer behavior.



 Turko earned Doctor of Philosophy and Master of Science degrees in cognitive
psychology from Lehigh University and earned a bachelor's degree in psychology
from Drexel University. Her research interests include autism and how
multitasking affects memory and attention.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 16, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

Md. Tomato Crop Delayed

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05; AROUND THE REGION

LENGTH: 165 words


The Eastern Shore's tomato harvest has been delayed by as much as two weeks, the
result of a wet June and too many cool summer nights.

The unseasonably cool weather and too much rain also could affect tomato yields,
although not severely, farmers said.

Most of Maryland's tomatoes are grown on the Eastern Shore.

"I don't think it's going to affect yields more than 10 percent," said Jim
Lewis, Caroline County's agricultural agent.

This year's unusual weather has affected tomatoes all the along the Atlantic
Coast, delaying crops in the Carolinas, as well as Maryland and Virginia.

The weather could mean lower prices if North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland hit
their peak season at the same time, allowing supply to outstrip demand,
agricultural officials said.

"The plants just didn't grow as rapidly," said Herman Hohlt, a specialist on
vegetable crops who works in Painter, Va., on the Delmarva Peninsula.

"It won't affect flavor, but might affect yield."

T

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              March 2, 2015 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

FAITH-BASED CONFERENCE FOR YOUTHS TACKLES SEX

BYLINE:  TRACEY MCMANUS  STAFF WRITER

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 619 words


Sitcoms are quick to display the joy and fun that go along with romance.

What is often left out, said Augusta minister Yannik McKie, is the potential for
sexually transmitted diseases, teen pregnancy and lives put on hold because of
bad decisions.

In an effort to help young people understand the physical and emotional
consequences of premarital sex, McKie is holding his fourth annual Let's Talk
About Sex Conference on Friday. McKie, the youth and young adult minister at
Strong Tower Christian Fellowship Church, said the goal is to help change a
culture that perpetuates social ills.

"Our sexual decisions don't just affect ourselves and they don't just affect our
families, they affect the whole community," McKie said. "We can no longer just
sit back and just talk about the problem. If we're not solving the problem, we
are part of the problem."

Speakers will talk to the high school and college-age audience about how to
protect their bodies, why they should wait until marriage to have sex and why
emotional damage can be as severe as the physical.

McKie said that by focusing on changing the culture, speakers will be able to
explain how teen pregnancy and high school dropouts affect society and the
economy at large.

McKie launched the conference in 2012 as one of several initiatives of his McKie
Foundation, a nonprofit to help young people achieve their potential. He also
runs mentoring programs for boys and girls to help them deal with the challenges
of growing up and pairs them with positive influences.

Since its inaugural year, Let's Talk About Sex has outgrown its church venues
and is moving into the Kroc Center on Friday, where 400 youths and their parents
can attend.

McKie said the conference will help parents learn how to talk about such an
uncomfortable topic.

McKie said he prefers to teach abstinence because "I don't believe there is a
safe way to do something dangerous."

"Let's just be honest here," he said. "If my son was going to rob a bank, I
wouldn't tell him to wear a mask and get the right gun. There is no way you can
get an STD if you don't get involved in sexual activity, so the best way to
protect ourselves is through abstinence."

McKie said games and prizes at the conference help make the teaching exciting
and having young speakers keeps the message relevant. A concert after the
conference will feature Influence Music Group, which ministers through hip-hop
music, along with local artists.

With financial support from the United Methodist Committee on Relief, McKie said
he plans to expand the conference to Athens, Ga., and Memphis, Tenn., this year.

The goal is to help young people understand that it's not worth risking future
health and happiness for immediate pleasure.

He said teen pregnancy, disease, the chances of becoming a high school dropout
and fatherless children can all be prevented with good choices.

"The consequences help control our behavior, but Christ should be the reason we
do what we do," McKie said. "On a practical point of view, if I'm going to be
successful, I've got to put myself in a position where I'm not risking my future
for present pleasure."

Reach Tracey McManus at (706) 823-3424

or tracey.mcmanus@augustachronicle.com

IF YOU GO

WHAT: The fourth annual Let's Talk About Sex Conference

WHEN: Friday; registration begins at 6 p.m., the conference begins at 7 and the
concert begins at 10.

WHERE: Kroc Center, 1833 Broad St.

DETAILS: This is an abstinence-based conference that teaches young people about
the physical and emotional consequences of sex.

COST: $10, but no one will be turned away. Tickets can be bought at the door or
online at letstalkyouthsummit.org. If you can not afford a ticket, e-mail Yannik
McKie at yannik@yannikmckie.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Oregon: 2017 Could See Some Change with New Administration

LENGTH: 1311  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Association of Credit and Collection, Oregon has issued the
following news release:


 Trends and predictions for 2017 in the commercial credit, collection and
related industries will be marked by uncertainty and continued speculation
regarding a new president and administration in White House, according to
viewpoints from experts with the International Association of Commercial
Collection Agency (IACC.) Members of the IACC also anticipate some trends that
began in 2016 will continue into 2017.


 "As a whole, I believe that 2017 will be a close repeat of 2016 until a
direction of the new administration becomes more apparent and how it will affect
the domestic and global economy," said Bryan Rafferty, vice president of
Commercial Collection Agency of NY.
 According to Rafferty, this uncertainty will affect global business which will,
in turn, directly affect U.S. businesses and the commercial collection agency
sector.
 "I believe that creditors will be cautious in extending credit during the first
year of the new president's term to see what his agenda is and how it will
affect the economy," Rafferty said, adding  that creditor's goals will be to
protect what they have while mitigating risk if something adverse occurs with
the economy.
 "The incoming president suggested a stance of deregulation in the financial
sector during his campaign," Rafferty said. "This could dramatically affect the
collection agency world."
 Richard Kramer, senior vice president of Enterprise Sales, Altus Global Trade
Solutions, said he believes that if the U.S. and global economies continue to
improve, the credit environment will in turn improve and drive increases in
commercial transactions, which should drive placements up with improved yields.
 "Repatriation of funds back to the U.S. will create more investment
domestically," Kramer said.
 Kramer also stated that commercial agencies that can drive cost reductions
through process efficiencies versus simple labor arbitrage will be better
positioned against those that operate off the client system. This is because
many U.S. companies will be reluctant to send work outside the country, he said.

 Kramer said he hopes that government deregulation of the financial sector will
impact the collection agency compliance landscape and the government will also
back off on many of the previously-imposed compliance regulations.
 "That likely won't be seen until 2018 or later," Kramer explained. "But, with
less restrictive lending practices, there will be more consumer and commercial
lending, which will create additional transactions that will require
collection."
 With regard to the new administration's impact on the global and domestic
economy, Kramer said he feels good about the domestic economy, but remains
speculative about the global situation.
 "I see a more favorable corporate tax environment domestically, but [Donald]
Trump's protectionist position on leveling the field with trade agreements like
NAFTA will create challenges for Mexico," he said. "It will also be interesting
to see how China responds."
 Fred Milligan, a branch manager with Altus Global Trade Solutions, concurred.
"I think China wants the Yen to be the new U.S. dollar," he said. "And we seem
to have an incoming president who is doing the opposite of the current
administration and leaning more to Russia and away from China. China has so much
trade with the U.S.; at some point we need to make a stand with what China is
doing."
 "If Trump's infrastructure spending plan is approved, it will help improve job
growth and there will be pressure to keep jobs in the U.S., forcing many
companies to re-think their near-shore and off-shore strategies," Kramer
continued.
 "If the Trump presidency continues to focus on keeping jobs in the U.S. and
builds momentum over time ... this could result in a reduction of companies that
utilize international third party outsourcing," said Ed Morvant, senior vice
president of Client Services for Altus Global Trade Solutions. "In general, I
think the new administration will have a positive effect on the economy based on
what we've seen with the stock market hitting record high numbers ... but that
could be offset by interest rate increases over time."
 Milligan agrees that the new administration could have a positive impact on the
economy. "I like that we elected a business man," he said. "I hope we can
increase GNP and grow the business sector by lowering taxes. More small business
growth can only mean good things for our industry."
 Matthew Soban, sales manager for Altus, said he agrees that ultimately, the
outlook for the economy is bright. He also encourages patience and warns that,
initially, there could be a downfall in certain sectors that will have to work
from behind.
 >2016 Trends Could Continue into 2017
 According to Rafferty, several 2016 trends--such as creditors centralizing to
shared service centers, slow economic growth, and smaller commercial collection
agencies disappearing or merging--will continue into 2017.
 "We have seen some large creditor companies consolidate internal resources,
obtaining growth through acquisition in order to increase market share and
profitability," he said.
 According to Rafferty, with the number of agencies being reduced due to
acquisition and closure, there are opportunities for third-party growth due to
less competition.
 "For companies that can operate effectively under the current
regulatory/compliance driven environment, there will be a lot of opportunity to
gain market share through acquisition, business development, and competitive
scorecard wins," Kramer said. "Clients are looking to reduce the number of
agencies they use in order to make compliance oversight and vendor management
easier, exemplified by the Department of Education award and the trend in
financial services awards."
 John Meehan, New Jersey branch manager at Altus Global Trade Solutions added
that, "if the increased volume trend continues ... of course less competition
will mean more business. As our competition decreases, I see competitive
pressure into larger clients. Companies will ultimately fail if their revenue is
too heavily weighted on too few clients. Organic growth seems pretty obvious
with more clients as well as more services to sell them."
 Meehan said sees a potential hidden growth opportunity in client retention,
with continued focus on performance, oversight, and client-facing services.
"Avoiding attrition, coupled with some SEO optimization and brand recognition
should keep us growing our current opportunities, as well as acquiring new
clientele in a shrinking market," he said.
 Another continuing trend is the increase in creditors issuing Request for
Proposals to identify suitable collection agencies to work with. Kramer believes
it will be critical for agencies to respond by developing a strong web and
marketing presence as many creditors continue to do more preliminary research to
determine who to engage.
 "Additionally, there will be an even greater need to engage professional
resources to ensure that the content and appearance are professional and stand
out from the competition," Kramer said.
 Jessica Hartmann has more than 18 years of association and collection
experience, including managing communications, membership, events, and education
and credentialing. She has led the International Association of Commercial
Collectors as its executive director for the past two years, and had previously
served IACC in other roles for more than a decade. With members throughout the
U.S and in 25 other countries, IACC is the largest organization of commercial
collection specialists in the world. The viewpoints in this article do not
represent those of ACA International or its members.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Oregon: 2017 Could See Some Change with New Administration

LENGTH: 1311  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Association of Credit and Collection, Oregon has issued the
following news release:


 Trends and predictions for 2017 in the commercial credit, collection and
related industries will be marked by uncertainty and continued speculation
regarding a new president and administration in White House, according to
viewpoints from experts with the International Association of Commercial
Collection Agency (IACC.) Members of the IACC also anticipate some trends that
began in 2016 will continue into 2017.


 "As a whole, I believe that 2017 will be a close repeat of 2016 until a
direction of the new administration becomes more apparent and how it will affect
the domestic and global economy," said Bryan Rafferty, vice president of
Commercial Collection Agency of NY.
 According to Rafferty, this uncertainty will affect global business which will,
in turn, directly affect U.S. businesses and the commercial collection agency
sector.
 "I believe that creditors will be cautious in extending credit during the first
year of the new president's term to see what his agenda is and how it will
affect the economy," Rafferty said, adding  that creditor's goals will be to
protect what they have while mitigating risk if something adverse occurs with
the economy.
 "The incoming president suggested a stance of deregulation in the financial
sector during his campaign," Rafferty said. "This could dramatically affect the
collection agency world."
 Richard Kramer, senior vice president of Enterprise Sales, Altus Global Trade
Solutions, said he believes that if the U.S. and global economies continue to
improve, the credit environment will in turn improve and drive increases in
commercial transactions, which should drive placements up with improved yields.
 "Repatriation of funds back to the U.S. will create more investment
domestically," Kramer said.
 Kramer also stated that commercial agencies that can drive cost reductions
through process efficiencies versus simple labor arbitrage will be better
positioned against those that operate off the client system. This is because
many U.S. companies will be reluctant to send work outside the country, he said.

 Kramer said he hopes that government deregulation of the financial sector will
impact the collection agency compliance landscape and the government will also
back off on many of the previously-imposed compliance regulations.
 "That likely won't be seen until 2018 or later," Kramer explained. "But, with
less restrictive lending practices, there will be more consumer and commercial
lending, which will create additional transactions that will require
collection."
 With regard to the new administration's impact on the global and domestic
economy, Kramer said he feels good about the domestic economy, but remains
speculative about the global situation.
 "I see a more favorable corporate tax environment domestically, but [Donald]
Trump's protectionist position on leveling the field with trade agreements like
NAFTA will create challenges for Mexico," he said. "It will also be interesting
to see how China responds."
 Fred Milligan, a branch manager with Altus Global Trade Solutions, concurred.
"I think China wants the Yen to be the new U.S. dollar," he said. "And we seem
to have an incoming president who is doing the opposite of the current
administration and leaning more to Russia and away from China. China has so much
trade with the U.S.; at some point we need to make a stand with what China is
doing."
 "If Trump's infrastructure spending plan is approved, it will help improve job
growth and there will be pressure to keep jobs in the U.S., forcing many
companies to re-think their near-shore and off-shore strategies," Kramer
continued.
 "If the Trump presidency continues to focus on keeping jobs in the U.S. and
builds momentum over time ... this could result in a reduction of companies that
utilize international third party outsourcing," said Ed Morvant, senior vice
president of Client Services for Altus Global Trade Solutions. "In general, I
think the new administration will have a positive effect on the economy based on
what we've seen with the stock market hitting record high numbers ... but that
could be offset by interest rate increases over time."
 Milligan agrees that the new administration could have a positive impact on the
economy. "I like that we elected a business man," he said. "I hope we can
increase GNP and grow the business sector by lowering taxes. More small business
growth can only mean good things for our industry."
 Matthew Soban, sales manager for Altus, said he agrees that ultimately, the
outlook for the economy is bright. He also encourages patience and warns that,
initially, there could be a downfall in certain sectors that will have to work
from behind.
 >2016 Trends Could Continue into 2017
 According to Rafferty, several 2016 trends--such as creditors centralizing to
shared service centers, slow economic growth, and smaller commercial collection
agencies disappearing or merging--will continue into 2017.
 "We have seen some large creditor companies consolidate internal resources,
obtaining growth through acquisition in order to increase market share and
profitability," he said.
 According to Rafferty, with the number of agencies being reduced due to
acquisition and closure, there are opportunities for third-party growth due to
less competition.
 "For companies that can operate effectively under the current
regulatory/compliance driven environment, there will be a lot of opportunity to
gain market share through acquisition, business development, and competitive
scorecard wins," Kramer said. "Clients are looking to reduce the number of
agencies they use in order to make compliance oversight and vendor management
easier, exemplified by the Department of Education award and the trend in
financial services awards."
 John Meehan, New Jersey branch manager at Altus Global Trade Solutions added
that, "if the increased volume trend continues ... of course less competition
will mean more business. As our competition decreases, I see competitive
pressure into larger clients. Companies will ultimately fail if their revenue is
too heavily weighted on too few clients. Organic growth seems pretty obvious
with more clients as well as more services to sell them."
 Meehan said sees a potential hidden growth opportunity in client retention,
with continued focus on performance, oversight, and client-facing services.
"Avoiding attrition, coupled with some SEO optimization and brand recognition
should keep us growing our current opportunities, as well as acquiring new
clientele in a shrinking market," he said.
 Another continuing trend is the increase in creditors issuing Request for
Proposals to identify suitable collection agencies to work with. Kramer believes
it will be critical for agencies to respond by developing a strong web and
marketing presence as many creditors continue to do more preliminary research to
determine who to engage.
 "Additionally, there will be an even greater need to engage professional
resources to ensure that the content and appearance are professional and stand
out from the competition," Kramer said.
 Jessica Hartmann has more than 18 years of association and collection
experience, including managing communications, membership, events, and education
and credentialing. She has led the International Association of Commercial
Collectors as its executive director for the past two years, and had previously
served IACC in other roles for more than a decade. With members throughout the
U.S and in 25 other countries, IACC is the largest organization of commercial
collection specialists in the world. The viewpoints in this article do not
represent those of ACA International or its members.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Oregon: 2017 Could See Some Change with New Administration

LENGTH: 1311  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Association of Credit and Collection, Oregon has issued the
following news release:


 Trends and predictions for 2017 in the commercial credit, collection and
related industries will be marked by uncertainty and continued speculation
regarding a new president and administration in White House, according to
viewpoints from experts with the International Association of Commercial
Collection Agency (IACC.) Members of the IACC also anticipate some trends that
began in 2016 will continue into 2017.


 "As a whole, I believe that 2017 will be a close repeat of 2016 until a
direction of the new administration becomes more apparent and how it will affect
the domestic and global economy," said Bryan Rafferty, vice president of
Commercial Collection Agency of NY.
 According to Rafferty, this uncertainty will affect global business which will,
in turn, directly affect U.S. businesses and the commercial collection agency
sector.
 "I believe that creditors will be cautious in extending credit during the first
year of the new president's term to see what his agenda is and how it will
affect the economy," Rafferty said, adding  that creditor's goals will be to
protect what they have while mitigating risk if something adverse occurs with
the economy.
 "The incoming president suggested a stance of deregulation in the financial
sector during his campaign," Rafferty said. "This could dramatically affect the
collection agency world."
 Richard Kramer, senior vice president of Enterprise Sales, Altus Global Trade
Solutions, said he believes that if the U.S. and global economies continue to
improve, the credit environment will in turn improve and drive increases in
commercial transactions, which should drive placements up with improved yields.
 "Repatriation of funds back to the U.S. will create more investment
domestically," Kramer said.
 Kramer also stated that commercial agencies that can drive cost reductions
through process efficiencies versus simple labor arbitrage will be better
positioned against those that operate off the client system. This is because
many U.S. companies will be reluctant to send work outside the country, he said.

 Kramer said he hopes that government deregulation of the financial sector will
impact the collection agency compliance landscape and the government will also
back off on many of the previously-imposed compliance regulations.
 "That likely won't be seen until 2018 or later," Kramer explained. "But, with
less restrictive lending practices, there will be more consumer and commercial
lending, which will create additional transactions that will require
collection."
 With regard to the new administration's impact on the global and domestic
economy, Kramer said he feels good about the domestic economy, but remains
speculative about the global situation.
 "I see a more favorable corporate tax environment domestically, but [Donald]
Trump's protectionist position on leveling the field with trade agreements like
NAFTA will create challenges for Mexico," he said. "It will also be interesting
to see how China responds."
 Fred Milligan, a branch manager with Altus Global Trade Solutions, concurred.
"I think China wants the Yen to be the new U.S. dollar," he said. "And we seem
to have an incoming president who is doing the opposite of the current
administration and leaning more to Russia and away from China. China has so much
trade with the U.S.; at some point we need to make a stand with what China is
doing."
 "If Trump's infrastructure spending plan is approved, it will help improve job
growth and there will be pressure to keep jobs in the U.S., forcing many
companies to re-think their near-shore and off-shore strategies," Kramer
continued.
 "If the Trump presidency continues to focus on keeping jobs in the U.S. and
builds momentum over time ... this could result in a reduction of companies that
utilize international third party outsourcing," said Ed Morvant, senior vice
president of Client Services for Altus Global Trade Solutions. "In general, I
think the new administration will have a positive effect on the economy based on
what we've seen with the stock market hitting record high numbers ... but that
could be offset by interest rate increases over time."
 Milligan agrees that the new administration could have a positive impact on the
economy. "I like that we elected a business man," he said. "I hope we can
increase GNP and grow the business sector by lowering taxes. More small business
growth can only mean good things for our industry."
 Matthew Soban, sales manager for Altus, said he agrees that ultimately, the
outlook for the economy is bright. He also encourages patience and warns that,
initially, there could be a downfall in certain sectors that will have to work
from behind.
 2016 Trends Could Continue into 2017
 According to Rafferty, several 2016 trends--such as creditors centralizing to
shared service centers, slow economic growth, and smaller commercial collection
agencies disappearing or merging--will continue into 2017.
 "We have seen some large creditor companies consolidate internal resources,
obtaining growth through acquisition in order to increase market share and
profitability," he said.
 According to Rafferty, with the number of agencies being reduced due to
acquisition and closure, there are opportunities for third-party growth due to
less competition.
 "For companies that can operate effectively under the current
regulatory/compliance driven environment, there will be a lot of opportunity to
gain market share through acquisition, business development, and competitive
scorecard wins," Kramer said. "Clients are looking to reduce the number of
agencies they use in order to make compliance oversight and vendor management
easier, exemplified by the Department of Education award and the trend in
financial services awards."
 John Meehan, New Jersey branch manager at Altus Global Trade Solutions added
that, "if the increased volume trend continues ... of course less competition
will mean more business. As our competition decreases, I see competitive
pressure into larger clients. Companies will ultimately fail if their revenue is
too heavily weighted on too few clients. Organic growth seems pretty obvious
with more clients as well as more services to sell them."
 Meehan said sees a potential hidden growth opportunity in client retention,
with continued focus on performance, oversight, and client-facing services.
"Avoiding attrition, coupled with some SEO optimization and brand recognition
should keep us growing our current opportunities, as well as acquiring new
clientele in a shrinking market," he said.
 Another continuing trend is the increase in creditors issuing Request for
Proposals to identify suitable collection agencies to work with. Kramer believes
it will be critical for agencies to respond by developing a strong web and
marketing presence as many creditors continue to do more preliminary research to
determine who to engage.
 "Additionally, there will be an even greater need to engage professional
resources to ensure that the content and appearance are professional and stand
out from the competition," Kramer said.
 Jessica Hartmann has more than 18 years of association and collection
experience, including managing communications, membership, events, and education
and credentialing. She has led the International Association of Commercial
Collectors as its executive director for the past two years, and had previously
served IACC in other roles for more than a decade. With members throughout the
U.S and in 25 other countries, IACC is the largest organization of commercial
collection specialists in the world. The viewpoints in this article do not
represent those of ACA International or its members.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Oregon: 2017 Could See Some Change with New Administration

LENGTH: 1310  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The American Diabetes Association of Oregon has issued the following
news release:


 Trends and predictions for 2017 in the commercial credit, collection and
related industries will be marked by uncertainty and continued speculation
regarding a new president and administration in White House, according to
viewpoints from experts with the International Association of Commercial
Collection Agency (IACC.) Members of the IACC also anticipate some trends that
began in 2016 will continue into 2017.


 "As a whole, I believe that 2017 will be a close repeat of 2016 until a
direction of the new administration becomes more apparent and how it will affect
the domestic and global economy," said Bryan Rafferty, vice president of
Commercial Collection Agency of NY.
 According to Rafferty, this uncertainty will affect global business which will,
in turn, directly affect U.S. businesses and the commercial collection agency
sector.
 "I believe that creditors will be cautious in extending credit during the first
year of the new president's term to see what his agenda is and how it will
affect the economy," Rafferty said, adding  that creditor's goals will be to
protect what they have while mitigating risk if something adverse occurs with
the economy.
 "The incoming president suggested a stance of deregulation in the financial
sector during his campaign," Rafferty said. "This could dramatically affect the
collection agency world."
 Richard Kramer, senior vice president of Enterprise Sales, Altus Global Trade
Solutions, said he believes that if the U.S. and global economies continue to
improve, the credit environment will in turn improve and drive increases in
commercial transactions, which should drive placements up with improved yields.
 "Repatriation of funds back to the U.S. will create more investment
domestically," Kramer said.
 Kramer also stated that commercial agencies that can drive cost reductions
through process efficiencies versus simple labor arbitrage will be better
positioned against those that operate off the client system. This is because
many U.S. companies will be reluctant to send work outside the country, he said.

 Kramer said he hopes that government deregulation of the financial sector will
impact the collection agency compliance landscape and the government will also
back off on many of the previously-imposed compliance regulations.
 "That likely won't be seen until 2018 or later," Kramer explained. "But, with
less restrictive lending practices, there will be more consumer and commercial
lending, which will create additional transactions that will require
collection."
 With regard to the new administration's impact on the global and domestic
economy, Kramer said he feels good about the domestic economy, but remains
speculative about the global situation.
 "I see a more favorable corporate tax environment domestically, but [Donald]
Trump's protectionist position on leveling the field with trade agreements like
NAFTA will create challenges for Mexico," he said. "It will also be interesting
to see how China responds."
 Fred Milligan, a branch manager with Altus Global Trade Solutions, concurred.
"I think China wants the Yen to be the new U.S. dollar," he said. "And we seem
to have an incoming president who is doing the opposite of the current
administration and leaning more to Russia and away from China. China has so much
trade with the U.S.; at some point we need to make a stand with what China is
doing."
 "If Trump's infrastructure spending plan is approved, it will help improve job
growth and there will be pressure to keep jobs in the U.S., forcing many
companies to re-think their near-shore and off-shore strategies," Kramer
continued.
 "If the Trump presidency continues to focus on keeping jobs in the U.S. and
builds momentum over time ... this could result in a reduction of companies that
utilize international third party outsourcing," said Ed Morvant, senior vice
president of Client Services for Altus Global Trade Solutions. "In general, I
think the new administration will have a positive effect on the economy based on
what we've seen with the stock market hitting record high numbers ... but that
could be offset by interest rate increases over time."
 Milligan agrees that the new administration could have a positive impact on the
economy. "I like that we elected a business man," he said. "I hope we can
increase GNP and grow the business sector by lowering taxes. More small business
growth can only mean good things for our industry."
 Matthew Soban, sales manager for Altus, said he agrees that ultimately, the
outlook for the economy is bright. He also encourages patience and warns that,
initially, there could be a downfall in certain sectors that will have to work
from behind.
 2016 Trends Could Continue into 2017
 According to Rafferty, several 2016 trends--such as creditors centralizing to
shared service centers, slow economic growth, and smaller commercial collection
agencies disappearing or merging--will continue into 2017.
 "We have seen some large creditor companies consolidate internal resources,
obtaining growth through acquisition in order to increase market share and
profitability," he said.
 According to Rafferty, with the number of agencies being reduced due to
acquisition and closure, there are opportunities for third-party growth due to
less competition.
 "For companies that can operate effectively under the current
regulatory/compliance driven environment, there will be a lot of opportunity to
gain market share through acquisition, business development, and competitive
scorecard wins," Kramer said. "Clients are looking to reduce the number of
agencies they use in order to make compliance oversight and vendor management
easier, exemplified by the Department of Education award and the trend in
financial services awards."
 John Meehan, New Jersey branch manager at Altus Global Trade Solutions added
that, "if the increased volume trend continues ... of course less competition
will mean more business. As our competition decreases, I see competitive
pressure into larger clients. Companies will ultimately fail if their revenue is
too heavily weighted on too few clients. Organic growth seems pretty obvious
with more clients as well as more services to sell them."
 Meehan said sees a potential hidden growth opportunity in client retention,
with continued focus on performance, oversight, and client-facing services.
"Avoiding attrition, coupled with some SEO optimization and brand recognition
should keep us growing our current opportunities, as well as acquiring new
clientele in a shrinking market," he said.
 Another continuing trend is the increase in creditors issuing Request for
Proposals to identify suitable collection agencies to work with. Kramer believes
it will be critical for agencies to respond by developing a strong web and
marketing presence as many creditors continue to do more preliminary research to
determine who to engage.
 "Additionally, there will be an even greater need to engage professional
resources to ensure that the content and appearance are professional and stand
out from the competition," Kramer said.
 Jessica Hartmann has more than 18 years of association and collection
experience, including managing communications, membership, events, and education
and credentialing. She has led the International Association of Commercial
Collectors as its executive director for the past two years, and had previously
served IACC in other roles for more than a decade. With members throughout the
U.S and in 25 other countries, IACC is the largest organization of commercial
collection specialists in the world. The viewpoints in this article do not
represent those of ACA International or its members.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Oregon: IACC: 2017 Could See Some Change with New Administration

LENGTH: 1311  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Association of Credit and Collection, Oregon has issued the
following news release:


 Trends and predictions for 2017 in the commercial credit, collection and
related industries will be marked by uncertainty and continued speculation
regarding a new president and administration in White House, according to
viewpoints from experts with the International Association of Commercial
Collection Agency (IACC.) Members of the IACC also anticipate some trends that
began in 2016 will continue into 2017.


 "As a whole, I believe that 2017 will be a close repeat of 2016 until a
direction of the new administration becomes more apparent and how it will affect
the domestic and global economy," said Bryan Rafferty, vice president of
Commercial Collection Agency of NY.
 According to Rafferty, this uncertainty will affect global business which will,
in turn, directly affect U.S. businesses and the commercial collection agency
sector.
 "I believe that creditors will be cautious in extending credit during the first
year of the new president's term to see what his agenda is and how it will
affect the economy," Rafferty said, adding  that creditor's goals will be to
protect what they have while mitigating risk if something adverse occurs with
the economy.
 "The incoming president suggested a stance of deregulation in the financial
sector during his campaign," Rafferty said. "This could dramatically affect the
collection agency world."
 Richard Kramer, senior vice president of Enterprise Sales, Altus Global Trade
Solutions, said he believes that if the U.S. and global economies continue to
improve, the credit environment will in turn improve and drive increases in
commercial transactions, which should drive placements up with improved yields.
 "Repatriation of funds back to the U.S. will create more investment
domestically," Kramer said.
 Kramer also stated that commercial agencies that can drive cost reductions
through process efficiencies versus simple labor arbitrage will be better
positioned against those that operate off the client system. This is because
many U.S. companies will be reluctant to send work outside the country, he said.

 Kramer said he hopes that government deregulation of the financial sector will
impact the collection agency compliance landscape and the government will also
back off on many of the previously-imposed compliance regulations.
 "That likely won't be seen until 2018 or later," Kramer explained. "But, with
less restrictive lending practices, there will be more consumer and commercial
lending, which will create additional transactions that will require
collection."
 With regard to the new administration's impact on the global and domestic
economy, Kramer said he feels good about the domestic economy, but remains
speculative about the global situation.
 "I see a more favorable corporate tax environment domestically, but [Donald]
Trump's protectionist position on leveling the field with trade agreements like
NAFTA will create challenges for Mexico," he said. "It will also be interesting
to see how China responds."
 Fred Milligan, a branch manager with Altus Global Trade Solutions, concurred.
"I think China wants the Yen to be the new U.S. dollar," he said. "And we seem
to have an incoming president who is doing the opposite of the current
administration and leaning more to Russia and away from China. China has so much
trade with the U.S.; at some point we need to make a stand with what China is
doing."
 "If Trump's infrastructure spending plan is approved, it will help improve job
growth and there will be pressure to keep jobs in the U.S., forcing many
companies to re-think their near-shore and off-shore strategies," Kramer
continued.
 "If the Trump presidency continues to focus on keeping jobs in the U.S. and
builds momentum over time ... this could result in a reduction of companies that
utilize international third party outsourcing," said Ed Morvant, senior vice
president of Client Services for Altus Global Trade Solutions. "In general, I
think the new administration will have a positive effect on the economy based on
what we've seen with the stock market hitting record high numbers ... but that
could be offset by interest rate increases over time."
 Milligan agrees that the new administration could have a positive impact on the
economy. "I like that we elected a business man," he said. "I hope we can
increase GNP and grow the business sector by lowering taxes. More small business
growth can only mean good things for our industry."
 Matthew Soban, sales manager for Altus, said he agrees that ultimately, the
outlook for the economy is bright. He also encourages patience and warns that,
initially, there could be a downfall in certain sectors that will have to work
from behind.
 2016 Trends Could Continue into 2017
 According to Rafferty, several 2016 trends--such as creditors centralizing to
shared service centers, slow economic growth, and smaller commercial collection
agencies disappearing or merging--will continue into 2017.
 "We have seen some large creditor companies consolidate internal resources,
obtaining growth through acquisition in order to increase market share and
profitability," he said.
 According to Rafferty, with the number of agencies being reduced due to
acquisition and closure, there are opportunities for third-party growth due to
less competition.
 "For companies that can operate effectively under the current
regulatory/compliance driven environment, there will be a lot of opportunity to
gain market share through acquisition, business development, and competitive
scorecard wins," Kramer said. "Clients are looking to reduce the number of
agencies they use in order to make compliance oversight and vendor management
easier, exemplified by the Department of Education award and the trend in
financial services awards."
 John Meehan, New Jersey branch manager at Altus Global Trade Solutions added
that, "if the increased volume trend continues ... of course less competition
will mean more business. As our competition decreases, I see competitive
pressure into larger clients. Companies will ultimately fail if their revenue is
too heavily weighted on too few clients. Organic growth seems pretty obvious
with more clients as well as more services to sell them."
 Meehan said sees a potential hidden growth opportunity in client retention,
with continued focus on performance, oversight, and client-facing services.
"Avoiding attrition, coupled with some SEO optimization and brand recognition
should keep us growing our current opportunities, as well as acquiring new
clientele in a shrinking market," he said.
 Another continuing trend is the increase in creditors issuing Request for
Proposals to identify suitable collection agencies to work with. Kramer believes
it will be critical for agencies to respond by developing a strong web and
marketing presence as many creditors continue to do more preliminary research to
determine who to engage.
 "Additionally, there will be an even greater need to engage professional
resources to ensure that the content and appearance are professional and stand
out from the competition," Kramer said.
 Jessica Hartmann has more than 18 years of association and collection
experience, including managing communications, membership, events, and education
and credentialing. She has led the International Association of Commercial
Collectors as its executive director for the past two years, and had previously
served IACC in other roles for more than a decade. With members throughout the
U.S and in 25 other countries, IACC is the largest organization of commercial
collection specialists in the world. The viewpoints in this article do not
represent those of ACA International or its members.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Oregon: IACC: 2017 Could See Some Change with New Administration

LENGTH: 1311  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Association of Credit and Collection, Oregon has issued the
following news release:


 Trends and predictions for 2017 in the commercial credit, collection and
related industries will be marked by uncertainty and continued speculation
regarding a new president and administration in White House, according to
viewpoints from experts with the International Association of Commercial
Collection Agency (IACC.) Members of the IACC also anticipate some trends that
began in 2016 will continue into 2017.


 "As a whole, I believe that 2017 will be a close repeat of 2016 until a
direction of the new administration becomes more apparent and how it will affect
the domestic and global economy," said Bryan Rafferty, vice president of
Commercial Collection Agency of NY.
 According to Rafferty, this uncertainty will affect global business which will,
in turn, directly affect U.S. businesses and the commercial collection agency
sector.
 "I believe that creditors will be cautious in extending credit during the first
year of the new president's term to see what his agenda is and how it will
affect the economy," Rafferty said, adding  that creditor's goals will be to
protect what they have while mitigating risk if something adverse occurs with
the economy.
 "The incoming president suggested a stance of deregulation in the financial
sector during his campaign," Rafferty said. "This could dramatically affect the
collection agency world."
 Richard Kramer, senior vice president of Enterprise Sales, Altus Global Trade
Solutions, said he believes that if the U.S. and global economies continue to
improve, the credit environment will in turn improve and drive increases in
commercial transactions, which should drive placements up with improved yields.
 "Repatriation of funds back to the U.S. will create more investment
domestically," Kramer said.
 Kramer also stated that commercial agencies that can drive cost reductions
through process efficiencies versus simple labor arbitrage will be better
positioned against those that operate off the client system. This is because
many U.S. companies will be reluctant to send work outside the country, he said.

 Kramer said he hopes that government deregulation of the financial sector will
impact the collection agency compliance landscape and the government will also
back off on many of the previously-imposed compliance regulations.
 "That likely won't be seen until 2018 or later," Kramer explained. "But, with
less restrictive lending practices, there will be more consumer and commercial
lending, which will create additional transactions that will require
collection."
 With regard to the new administration's impact on the global and domestic
economy, Kramer said he feels good about the domestic economy, but remains
speculative about the global situation.
 "I see a more favorable corporate tax environment domestically, but [Donald]
Trump's protectionist position on leveling the field with trade agreements like
NAFTA will create challenges for Mexico," he said. "It will also be interesting
to see how China responds."
 Fred Milligan, a branch manager with Altus Global Trade Solutions, concurred.
"I think China wants the Yen to be the new U.S. dollar," he said. "And we seem
to have an incoming president who is doing the opposite of the current
administration and leaning more to Russia and away from China. China has so much
trade with the U.S.; at some point we need to make a stand with what China is
doing."
 "If Trump's infrastructure spending plan is approved, it will help improve job
growth and there will be pressure to keep jobs in the U.S., forcing many
companies to re-think their near-shore and off-shore strategies," Kramer
continued.
 "If the Trump presidency continues to focus on keeping jobs in the U.S. and
builds momentum over time ... this could result in a reduction of companies that
utilize international third party outsourcing," said Ed Morvant, senior vice
president of Client Services for Altus Global Trade Solutions. "In general, I
think the new administration will have a positive effect on the economy based on
what we've seen with the stock market hitting record high numbers ... but that
could be offset by interest rate increases over time."
 Milligan agrees that the new administration could have a positive impact on the
economy. "I like that we elected a business man," he said. "I hope we can
increase GNP and grow the business sector by lowering taxes. More small business
growth can only mean good things for our industry."
 Matthew Soban, sales manager for Altus, said he agrees that ultimately, the
outlook for the economy is bright. He also encourages patience and warns that,
initially, there could be a downfall in certain sectors that will have to work
from behind.
 2016 Trends Could Continue into 2017
 According to Rafferty, several 2016 trends--such as creditors centralizing to
shared service centers, slow economic growth, and smaller commercial collection
agencies disappearing or merging--will continue into 2017.
 "We have seen some large creditor companies consolidate internal resources,
obtaining growth through acquisition in order to increase market share and
profitability," he said.
 According to Rafferty, with the number of agencies being reduced due to
acquisition and closure, there are opportunities for third-party growth due to
less competition.
 "For companies that can operate effectively under the current
regulatory/compliance driven environment, there will be a lot of opportunity to
gain market share through acquisition, business development, and competitive
scorecard wins," Kramer said. "Clients are looking to reduce the number of
agencies they use in order to make compliance oversight and vendor management
easier, exemplified by the Department of Education award and the trend in
financial services awards."
 John Meehan, New Jersey branch manager at Altus Global Trade Solutions added
that, "if the increased volume trend continues ... of course less competition
will mean more business. As our competition decreases, I see competitive
pressure into larger clients. Companies will ultimately fail if their revenue is
too heavily weighted on too few clients. Organic growth seems pretty obvious
with more clients as well as more services to sell them."
 Meehan said sees a potential hidden growth opportunity in client retention,
with continued focus on performance, oversight, and client-facing services.
"Avoiding attrition, coupled with some SEO optimization and brand recognition
should keep us growing our current opportunities, as well as acquiring new
clientele in a shrinking market," he said.
 Another continuing trend is the increase in creditors issuing Request for
Proposals to identify suitable collection agencies to work with. Kramer believes
it will be critical for agencies to respond by developing a strong web and
marketing presence as many creditors continue to do more preliminary research to
determine who to engage.
 "Additionally, there will be an even greater need to engage professional
resources to ensure that the content and appearance are professional and stand
out from the competition," Kramer said.
 Jessica Hartmann has more than 18 years of association and collection
experience, including managing communications, membership, events, and education
and credentialing. She has led the International Association of Commercial
Collectors as its executive director for the past two years, and had previously
served IACC in other roles for more than a decade. With members throughout the
U.S and in 25 other countries, IACC is the largest organization of commercial
collection specialists in the world. The viewpoints in this article do not
represent those of ACA International or its members.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                             Wilshire Bancorp, Inc.

                               3200 Wilshire Blvd
                               Los Angeles 90010
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Wilshire is a bank holding company based in the US. The company's broad product
and service portfolio, strong capital base and strong financial performance are
the major strengths, even as its declined cash position and accrued loss
contingencies remains major areas of concern. Going forward, fluctuations in
interest rates, increase in compliance costs and changing regulations may affect
the company's performance. However, strategic initiatives, growing US economy
and positive outlook for the US card payments channel are likely to provide new
growth avenues to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG CAPITAL BASE


Strong capital base enables the company to meet regulatory capital requirements
vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address bank stress tests conducted by
national banking regulators. The good capital management has enabled the company
to strengthen its capital position. The company was required to maintain a
minimum total capital adequacy ratio of 10% and tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5%.As
on December 2015, the company reported total capital ratio of 14.11% and tier 1
capital ratio of 12.86%, meeting the regulatory requirements. Such sound capital
management strengthens its business profile among the customers and investors.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad product and service portfolio enables it to meet the diverse
requirements of customers, which in turn helps it to retain and expand its
existing customer base. The company, through its wholly owned subsidiary
Wilshire Bank, offers a range of banking and other financial products and
services to retail and corporate customers. Its product portfolio comprises of
checking accounts, savings accounts, certificates of deposits, credit cards,
home mortgages, commercial loans, consumer loans, lines of credit, and small
business administration loans. The company also offers services such as internet
banking, safe deposit boxes, wire transfers, secure file transfer, and treasury
management services. Such a broad product and service portfolio allows the
company to garner higher market share and increase its revenues.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Wilshire exhibited strong financial performance during the FY2015, which boosts
its investor's confidence. During FY2015, the company recorded total revenues of
US$222.5 million, compared to US$204.9 million in FY2014, representing an
increase of 8.6%. Growth in the revenues of the company was due to an increase
of 8.1% and 10.7% in its interest and non-interest income during FY2015. During
FY2015, operating income of the company was US$95.9 million as compared with US$
89.3 million in FY2014, representing an increase of 7.4%. The net income of the
company was US$61.4 million in FY2015 as compared with US$59 million in FY2014,
representing an increase of 4.1%. Such a strong growth in revenues and operating
income depicts the financial stability of the company.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINING CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect the company's ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and
due from banks declined from US$233.7 million at the end of FY2014 to US$118.1
million at the end of FY2015, representing a decline of 49.5%. Decline in cash
and due from banks may be due to decreased value of its short-term asset
holdings such as short-term government bonds, marketable securities, and weak
cash inflow.

ACCRUED LOSS CONTINGENCIES


Loss contingency affects the profitability of the company. Loss contingency is
incurred based on the outcome of future event of a business that includes
litigations. The company is involved in various legal claims in the normal
course of its business. The company reported an accrued loss contingency of US$
1,20,000 as on December 31, 2015 in terms of legal claims. In addition to this,
the company may incur other possible loss contingencies which may affect the
operations of the business. Such accrued loss contingencies reported by the
company may impact its business operations and affects the growth of business
besides impacting its brand image in the marketplace.


OPPORTUNITIES:


STRATEGIC INITIATIVES


The company is taking various strategic initiatives to drive its business. For
instance, in March 2015, the company acquired certain assets and operations of
Bank of Manhattan's Mortgage Lending Division. The acquisition was to strengthen
its mortgage lending platform and to position itself as the major mortgage
lender in the Korean-American banking industry. In March 2015, Wilshire opened a
new branch in LaGrange, Georgia to offer a complete range of banking services
including loans, deposits, saving solutions and cash management solutions. The
establishment helped the company to expand its business in Georgia region. It
also expands its distribution network, which will help the company to serve its
customers more efficiently Such strategic initiatives will allow the company to
enhance its market position and expand its customer and revenue base.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. Wilshire, a provider of debit and credit
cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. This is likely to
increase the country's spending on financial solutions, which in turn will
increase the demand for banking and financial products and services in the US.
As a provider of financial products and services in the US, Wilshire is well
positioned to benefit from the growing economy.


THREATS:


CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in the US. The introduction of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act may pose a significant threat for the company's
operations. Under this act, the federal government established Financial
Stability Oversight Council. The council has the authoritative power to break up
large companies that may pose risk to the financial system due to their large
size and the council also has the authoritative power to liquidate and
restructure companies which it are financially weak. Such act would
significantly pose threat for the companies to operate and acquire new
businesses. Thus, introduction of new government acts may have a negative impact
on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Increase in compliance costs may impact the company's operations. Compliance
costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the company's
operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased compliance costs
and additional regulations. The compliance burden on companies has probably been
increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises. The Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the Institute of
International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued reports reflecting the
changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The Federal
Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to guard
consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and exert extra
pressure on companies, which are already working on improving their own
governance processes.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 8, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

FIVE QUESTIONS for DAVID J. OLSON;
If Longshoremen Strike, Which Businesses Will Suffer?

BYLINE:  By STEVEN GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section 3; Column 2; Money and Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 831 words


FOR months, the nation's businesses have worried about a labor dispute that
threatens to shut down 29 West Coast ports that handle $300 billion in cargo a
year. The International Longshore and Warehouse Union has warned that 10,500
dockworkers might strike or engage in a work slowdown at ports from Seattle to
San Diego, while the employers' group, the Pacific Maritime Association, has
threatened to lock out the workers, a move that would shut down the ports.

The longshoremen's contract expired on July 1, and the two sides have bargained
on and off since then, with the threat of a stoppage hanging over the talks.

David J. Olson, a professor of political science at the University of
Washington, is an expert on ports and the longshoremen's union. He has served as
a consultant to many ports and port associations and was founding director of
the Harry Bridges Center for Labor Studies at the university. He spoke on
Thursday about the dispute and its implications.   STEVEN GREENHOUSE

Q. Some economists have warned that even a short work stoppage would disrupt the
economy. What would be the impact of a short or a long stoppage?

A. A short stoppage would directly and immediately affect the three port centers
of the West Coast -- the Puget Sound, San Francisco Bay and San Pedro Bay near
Los Angeles. It would severely affect those companies that depend on
just-in-time inventory.

If a stoppage lasted a month or two, the impact would be very significant. It
would affect shippers across the country, and given that we're in the
pre-Christmas shipping season right now, the nation's retailers would be
importantly affected.

Q. Which industries or businesses in the United States would be hurt the most by
a shutdown of the ports, and what effects would such a shutdown have overseas?

A. A stoppage would affect the whole gamut of merchandisers, from Wal-Mart,
Target, Home Depot to Sears and Circuit City.

Manufacturers would also be affected. The container box is the warehouse for
modern-day business. The ports handle millions of parts needed for assembly or
manufacture. Auto dealers would also be affected. They'd definitely feel it if a
stoppage went on for two weeks.

The nation's manufacturing export sector would also be affected. We're not
talking only about goods flowing into the country, but also goods flowing out of
the country.

As for the effects overseas, the whole international financial community would
be disrupted because many banks do trade lending. They monitor worldwide cargo
flows like a hawk.

Secondly, most members of the Pacific Maritime Association and most of the
steamship lines are foreign-owned, and they would be affected significantly. The
Asian economies could also be dramatically affected, from South Korea to
Singapore.

Q. Increased use of technology seems to be a sticking point in the negotiations.
Why, given that the employers have guaranteed that no longshoremen would be laid
off?

A. The technology being considered is complex. It requires deliberation,
discussion. I don't think the union is resisting new technologies. They want to
discuss them to make sure the jobs created by the newly implemented technologies
fall within union jurisdiction. They don't want those jobs to be nonunion.

In the past, the West Coast ports have been innovative and adaptive regarding
new technology. Both sides have benefited remarkably. The shipping companies
have profited handsomely, productivity has increased dramatically and union
members have been well compensated.

Q. Businesses that rely on West Coast seaports have had a few months to prepare
for a stoppage. Have businesses been stocking up, or have they made alternative
plans to import through Mexico, Canada or the East Coast?

A. The shipping community considered alternative routes. Canada won't work
because the dockworkers there are affiliated with the I.L.W.U. Mexico won't work
because it doesn't have the port, rail or road infrastructure. The Panama Canal
was considered and rejected because many of today's cargo ships are larger than
that canal can handle. The stockpiling of inventory was considered, but not
really followed, because of the just-in-time nature of modern-day business.

Q. Longshoremen don't earn as much as baseball players, but with an average wage
of $80,000, according to the union, they are still paid extraordinarily well
compared with other blue-collar workers. For that reason, wouldn't a slowdown or
strike be a public relations mistake?

A. I think lesser-paid workers admire the longshoremen. They view the
longshoremen as having earned this compensation level. Being a longshoreman is a
very dangerous job. Injuries and fatalities rank it just behind mining.
Additionally, this is a highly skilled and trained work force. I don't see envy
out there.

If a work stoppage hurts the economy or Wall Street, I'm sure we will hear
complaints from the business community and President Bush about these well-paid
longshoremen. But we won't hear that from other workers.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David J. Olson says a closure of 29 ports would have quick and
significant effects.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                    Maitreya

                                 P.O. Box 44100
                             Albuquerque,  NM 87174
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (505) 717-8777
URL: www.maitreya.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Maitreya: Thought makes our lives. It depends on how you think and that is
how you act. The thought process is the beginning of the steps we take in our
lives.  Of course not every thought we have will we take a step toward
fulfilling it. But if we have a pattern of thinking that affects our lives,
therefore we follow the way we think and we will bring manifestation from our
thought process.  Thus, the thought process is very important to humanity and
they should envelope themselves with an environment that brings a greater degree
of higher thoughts. The lower the thought we have, the lower our action. The
higher the thought, we will not engage in separation, destruction, and
ungodliness and therefore we bring a greater, purified environment for everyone
and ourselves. Anything that affects our thought process should be taken into
consideration.  As I said, the food we eat, the movies we watch, the environment
we live in, the places we go, all affect us. Of course the idea is to eventually
reach a point that nothing can affect us as deeply as usually it would if we are
not in a higher level.  Therefore the thought process has a great affect on our
lives. That is why the company we keep is so important.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Wave of Lawsuits Could Hurt Hospitals' Bottom Lines, Raters Warn

                             July 23, 2004, Friday

By A.J. Daulerio



Rating analysts believe the growing number of lawsuits against the country's
not-for-profit hospitals will inevitably affect hospital margins.

Investors' increasing awareness of the suits -- currently numbered at 39 -- has
increased their concern about how it will affect hospital debt. As the number of
litigations grows, the potential to affect an ever wider share of the sector
that saw more than $28 billion in issuance last year grows as well.

The latest of the suits, filed this week by Mississippi-based attorney Richard
Scruggs and other affiliated attorneys on behalf of uninsured patients in eight
states, again accuses hospitals and health systems of manipulating account
figures to distort the amount of charity care they provide to uninsured
patients. The American Hospital Association in Washington, D.C., is also named
as a defendant in all of the cases.

As a result of the firestorm, many not-for-profit hospitals not yet entangled in
the suit are reworking their approach to their charity care collections
practices. All three rating agencies are planning, in some form, to publish
their analyses of how these suits will affect the sector.

Although it is still early in the litigation process, Moody's Investors Service
managing director Bruce Gordon said his agency planned a full report next week
in direct response to the lawsuits.

"The publicity is certainly not positive, but it appears that based on the
number of issuers that have been served, it's more an industry-wide issue than
an individual hospital issue," Gordon said.

He added that in the early stages of proceedings, these hospitals will be
spending money on legal fees, but the costs associated are not going to have an
impact on their credit ratings. Gordon said that the first wave of lawsuits
included many organizations that were investment grade or better and that the
impact on these hospitals would be minimal.  However, he added, as the
proceedings continue and more and more hospitals are forced to make charity care
collections and adjustments, the margins of many not-for-profit hospitals could
suffer.

Fitch Ratings analyst John Wells said the agency will be monitoring the suits
closely. Wells said in an election year, with state and federal politicians
scrutinizing health plans so closely, the lawsuits right now are just the
beginning.

"I think it's going to lead to a larger debate -- it comes at a time when
legislators over the next few years will be making decisions state and federal
spending on health care," Wells said.

He did acknowledge that the five hospitals that Fitch rates named in the initial
round of suits -- including Illinois-based Advocate Health Care Network and
Provena Covenant Medical Center -- have responded positively to alter their
collection and billing practices.

Rick Gundling of the Healthcare Financial Management Association suggests that
the impact may not be as crushing to the sector as some analysts suggest. He
said that charity care is only one attribute of tax-exemption and that honing on
one aspect does not tell the whole story.

He said that the HFMA and the American Hospital Association are putting together
a report titled "Patient Friendly Billing Initiatives" that will focus directly
on how hospitals can shore-up their collection practices.

"It's an issue that has to be addressed and communicated better -- meeting the
patients' needs first," he said. "We'll have a better tracking of better charity
care and true bad debt, and then ways to work with the patient."

Standard & Poor's Martin Arrick, however, says that the lawsuit will be frontal
assault on hospital systems' margins and that there is unrealistic wishful
thinking on the part of lawyers in regard to the expectations. He said the
lawsuits are highlighting an inequity in the system and that in the
not-for-profit billing structure, very few people are paying charges, and that
hospitals write off the vast majority anyway.

"Between what happens in practice and what's on paper, it creates this
opportunity to kind of paint the entire sector in an unfortunate way," Arrick
said. "They've got a couple of cases, where they're poster children. These
lawsuits seemed to be aimed at trying to force the not-for-profit hospital
community to change their charge structure. I think it's trying to get the
entire sector to pay more for charity care. They're saying that is required for
the tax-exempt status, that frankly boils down to an argument about what's the
right number."

Arrick maintains that the real issue is that there is a large group of people
that have inadequate or no health insurance and says that these suits do not
really add to that debate in a healthy way. Arrick said that the suits will put
more pressure on the public providers. With their high percentage of uninsured
patients, they will be hit the hardest.

"I'm concerned about an increase in bad debt and charity care expense -- it's a
worsening problem," he said. The lawsuits could push boards and management teams
to provide more charity care, which is "a good thing," he added, "but they can't
possibly address the entire problem and in the meantime, it will add to the
stress on margins."

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 889 words

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     March 29, 2001 Thursday FINAL EDITION

HOW THE RATE HIKE AFFECTS CUSTOMERS;
COMPLICATED PLAN FROM THE PUC AFFECTS DIFFERENT PEOPLE IN DIFFERENT WAYS, AND
BUSINESSES ARE TREATED IN A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT WAY

BYLINE: John Woolfolk

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 934 words


SAN JOSE While details have yet to be worked out, state regulators are planning
a tiered structure for the higher electricity rates approved Tuesday. Under the
plan, the heaviest users of electricity would pay the most. Almost half of
residential customers would see no increase at all.

Here's how the proposal will affect your bill:

Q: When do the higher rates kick in?

A: Regulators consider the increase effective immediately but say it won't
appear on bills until May. While regulators agreed Tuesday that rates will rise,
they still have to approve a structure for how customers will share the cost.
Hearings are expected next month. Once the structure is approved, regulators say
utilities can apply it retroactively to Tuesday's rate approval.

Q: Do the new rates affect all Californians?

A: No. The Public Utilities Commission, which approved the rate increase, has
authority over only investor-owned utilities: Pacific Gas & Electric, Southern
California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric, which together serve about 10
million homes and businesses. The increase affects PG&E and Edison but not San
Diego. Municipal utilities, including Santa Clara, Palo Alto, Alameda,
Sacramento and Los Angeles, are governed independently and exempt.

Q: How will the new rates work?

A: Regulators are planning a tiered rate structure in which large commercial and
power-guzzling residential customers pay a greater share. Residential customers
would pay more according to how much they exceed their "baseline" amount.

Q: What is the baseline?

A: The baseline is considered the average household usage. It was established
years ago to encourage conservation by charging a higher rate for electricity
usage over that amount.

Q: Does everybody have the same baseline?

A: No. Customers are assigned different baselines to account for variations in
electricity needs caused by regional climate, household type and season.

Q: How many baselines are there?

A: PG&E residential customers in the San Francisco Bay Area are divided among
three climatic baseline territories: the coastal areas including San Francisco
and the Peninsula, the East and South Bay, and the Santa Cruz mountains.

Within those territories, there are separate baselines for single-family homes
and multi-family apartment complexes, as well as for homes with only electric
appliances instead of both gas and electric.

In addition, baseline rates are adjusted for summer and winter usage. Summer
rates begin May 1, and winter rates begin Nov. 1.

Q: How do I find out my baseline?

A: Your electric bill shows the baseline amount in kilowatt-hours and the rate
you are billed for that amount. It also shows how much power you used over the
baseline and the rate you were billed for it.

Q: How does the baseline affect my bill?

A: Customers already pay about 14 percent more for power they use over their
baseline. Under the proposed tiered rates, PG&E customers who use no more than
130 percent of their baseline amount wouldn't pay any more than they do now.
PG&E customers who use up to twice their baseline would see an average 9 percent
increase in monthly bills. Those who use more than twice their baseline would
see an average increase of 36 percent. Edison customers would have similar
rates. Almost half of utilities' customers don't exceed 130 percent of their
baseline.

Q: Why am I hearing different reports about the size of the rate increase?

A: The increase can be calculated many ways. The commission approved an increase
of 3 cents per kilowatt-hour, three times the 1-cent surcharge approved in
January, which was made permanent Tuesday. Because the 1-cent increase averaged
10 percent, some have said that plus the 3 cents amounts to a 40 percent
increase.

Others have added 3 cents to the amount the utilities charge just for
electricity, which for PG&E is now 6.4 cents, and come up with a 47 percent
increase.

Because total rates include transmission and maintenance surcharges, others have
added 3 cents to the average total rate of 11.14 cents for all customers, a 27
percent increase. Under the tiered proposal, the average residential rate would
rise 20.8 percent from 12.46 cents to 15.05 cents.

But average bills for residents would increase up to 36 percent, depending on
electricity use.

Q: Can my business avoid the rate hike by saving energy?

A: The proposed tiered rate structure based on the baseline use doesn't apply to
commercial and industrial businesses. In fact, the proposal calls for a
proportionately greater increase for businesses, which pay lower rates than
residential customers. Commercial customers would see a 22.6 percent increase.
Industrial customers, generally over 500 kilowatt-hours a month, would see a 41
percent increase.

But businesses can still get a discount on summer bills by saving power. Gov.
Gray Davis this month ordered 20 percent rebates for all customers who reduce
electricity usage 20 percent over last year between June and September.
Residential and small commercial rebates will be based on 20 percent reduction
of total consumption, while commercial and industrial rebates will be based on
20 percent reduction of peak load.

Q: If I qualify for assistance in paying my bills now, will I have to pay more?

A: Possibly. The proposal calls for exempting customers in the California
Alternative Rates for Energy program, and expanding eligibility from 150 percent
to 175 percent of federal poverty guidelines. But commissioners aren't ruling
out tiered rates for those customers to encourage them to save electricity.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Jose Mercury News

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Climate change affects farming

BYLINE: Jerry Hagstrom, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


May 12--WASHINGTON -- The White House released its third and latest assessment
of climate change, including a special chapter on agriculture that declares
climate change is affecting farming in every region of the country.

"Climate change is not a distant threat," John Holdren, President Barack Obama's
science adviser, said at a White House briefing, adding that it is affecting the
country now with hotter summers and earlier forest fires.

"For years we have been collecting the dots, now we are connecting the dots,"
Holdren added.

"Crop and animal agriculture producers are already facing increased challenges,"
said Gene Takle, an Iowa State University professor, at a White House briefing.

Takle, one of the convening lead authors of the agriculture section of the
report, noted that every region of the country has crops and animals that have
adapted to local conditions. But he said those conditions are changing, with
more severe storms, earlier hot weather and worse forest fires.

The White House report includes a chapter on how climate change affects farming
in various regions of the country. Takle noted that California cherry trees,
which have been accustomed to 900 hours of "chilling" between seasons in
California, no longer get that much of a break.

"Farmers are beginning to connect the dots and realize that things underpinning
are changing," he said.

Takle also noted the impact of climate change is not just on direct crop and
animal production, but on side industries such as transportation.

"Food miles" -- the number of miles agricultural products travel from production
to consumption -- should be reduced, Takle said.

John Podesta, counselor to the president, urged the scientists who attended the
event to push Congress and other politicians to take action.

Even though some conservative groups question whether climate change exists, the
assessment proves "there is no debate," Podesta said. "It is real, it is being
driven by human activity."

All the panelists called for action to reduce climate change.

Kristin Jacobs, a Broward County, Fla., commissioner and the only elected
official on the panel, said the level of partisan debate in Washington troubles
her, and she hopes local officials will have "the spine to stand up against what
some ideologues want them to say."

Key messages on agriculture:

--Increasing impacts on agriculture -- Climate disruptions to agricultural
production have increased in the past 40 years and are projected to increase in
the next 25 years. By mid-century and beyond, these impacts will be increasingly
negative on most crops and livestock.

--Extreme precipitation and soil erosion -- Current loss and degradation of
critical agricultural soil and water assets due from increasing extremes in
precipitation will continue to challenge both rainfed and irrigated agriculture
unless innovative conservation methods are implemented.

--Heat and drought damage -- The rising incidence of weather extremes will have
increasingly negative impacts on crop and livestock productivity because
critical thresholds are already being exceeded.

--Rate of adaptation -- Agriculture has been able to adapt to recent changes in
climate; however, increased innovation will be needed to ensure the rate of
adaptation can keep pace with climate change in the next 25 years.

--Food security -- Climate change effects on agriculture will have consequences
for food security, both in the U.S. and globally, through changes in crop yields
and food prices and effects on food processing, storage, transportation and
retailing. Adaptation measures can help delay and reduce some of these impacts.

___ (c)2014 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140512-AW-Climate-change-affects-farming-0512-20140512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2014 Agweek


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        BBC Monitoring Central Asia Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Diplomatic row with USA to affect Kyrgyz debt forgiveness plans - ex-minister

LENGTH: 437 words


Text of report by Kyrgyz news agency 24.kg website

Bishkek, 3 August: "There are grounds for concern about the resolution of an
issue on writing off our country's foreign debt," the Kyrgyz ex-foreign
minister, Askar Aytmatov, told the 24.kg news agency in a comment on possible
developments of Kyrgyz-US relations following the recent diplomatic row. The
news agency turned to him for a comment on events connected with the country's
foreign policy.

Askar Aytmatov described the reciprocal expulsion of diplomats as an unexpected
incident in bilateral relations between Kyrgyzstan and the USA. In his opinion,
the expulsion of diplomats has clear political overtones, and will inevitably
affect the cooperation between the two countries.

"In our time, there were lots of valid reasons for taking measures against heads
of the US embassy in Kyrgyzstan," Askar Aytmatov said. "I mean the interference
in the internal affairs of our country ahead of the revolution [the change of
power in Kyrgyzstan on 24 March 2005]. However, we did not take any measures
because we did not want this to affect our cooperation with the USA," Aytmatov
said.

In Askar Aytmatov's opinion, the diplomatic row may affect both the signing of
an agreement on the fate of the [US-led antiterror coalition's] air base at
Manas airport and on the promotion of Kyrgyzstan's interests at international
organizations, including the World Bank and the IMF where the USA has powerful
lobby groups. It is common knowledge that Kyrgyzstan is holding talks with these
financial organizations to alleviate the burden of its debt .

"The base at Manas is an objective necessity for the USA.," Askar Aytmatov said.
"All the activities of the USA show that it will do its utmost to preserve its
presence in Kyrgyzstan. In the meantime, there are grounds for concern regarding
the writing off our country's foreign debt. It is not ruled out that the United
States will not support Kyrgyzstan as strongly as we want," he said.

In the ex-foreign minister's opinion, the Kyrgyz authorities and the Foreign
Ministry must clearly and convincingly explain the reasons why staff members of
the US embassy were expelled. In this connection, Askar Aytmatov cited a
diplomatic row between Russia and Britain.

"Officials of the Russian Federation had informed the public in detail about the
reasons of the expulsion of the Britons for several days," Askar Aytmatov said.
"They presented specific evidence to confirm their case. I hope that the Kyrgyz
president and the Foreign Ministry will do the same," Askar Aytmatov said.

Source: 24.kg website, Bishkek, in Russian 0911 gmt 3 Aug 06

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Weather to affect daily activities for 100 million people

BYLINE: Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 583 words


March 04--AccuWeather reports a new storm will spread a swath of snow and sleet
spanning more than 1,500 miles from northern Texas to Massachusetts during
Wednesday into Thursday.

Daily activities will be affected for close to 100 million people.

Major travel disruptions are in store, ranging from snow-clogged roads to many
flight delays and cancellations. The flight disruptions will likely extend well
beyond areas directly affected by the storm as crews and aircraft are displaced.

The atmosphere is gearing up for a rare event. The new winter storm will occur
during a press of cold air invading the Central and Eastern states in the wake a
storm producing snow, ice and rain Tuesday into Wednesday.

According to AccuWeather.com Chief Meteorologist Elliot Abrams, "Usually when
cold air follows a storm, the atmosphere just dries out."

"Instead of a sweep of cold, dry air, we get the cold, but not the dry this
time."

Rain will change to snow and sleet along much of the 1,500-mile swath as the new
storm rides northeastward.

While snowfall will be light in northern Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas, the snow
will fall heavily at times from the middle part of the Mississippi Valley to the
Ohio Valley, central Appalachians and mid-Atlantic coast.

A large part of Kentucky and West Virginia will receive 6-12 inches of snow with
locally higher amounts possible.

An extensive area will receive 3-6 inches of snow from northern Arkansas and
southern Missouri to southeastern New York state and southeastern Massachusetts.

Despite the lighter amount of snow forecast from Oklahoma City and Wichita,
Kansas, to Little Rock, Arkansas, and Nashville, enough will fall, along with
plunging temperatures to create slippery travel.

A key to how nasty road conditions get will depend on several factors.

"Where the snow occurs during the late-night and early-morning hours, where it
snows hard at any time or where sleet falls during part of the storm, roads are
likely to be at their worst," Abrams said.

Light snow typically struggles to accumulate during the midday hours in March,
even with temperatures below freezing. This is due to some of the sun's rays
penetrating through the clouds.

Some of the snow will fall from late Wednesday night to Thursday morning in the
heavily-populated Interstate-95 corridor from Washington, D.C., and Baltimore to
Philadelphia and New York City. Motorists should be prepared for a slippery
Thursday morning commute.

A heavy rate of snow can overcome the March sun effect. Some areas will receive
snowfall at the rate of 1-2 inches per hour, which is more than enough to cover
roads during the middle of the day.

Pockets of sleet will occur along the long swath of wintry precipitation.

"Sleet, similar to hail, is very dense and can take much more heat away from
road surface temperatures, compared to snow," Abrams said.

On the southern edge of the heavy snow, an icy mix of snow, sleet and freezing
rain will coat roads and sidewalks.

Areas from Dallas to Shreveport, Louisiana; Tupelo, Mississippi; Huntsville,
Alabama; and Chattanooga, Tennessee; could receive a slippery, but small amount
of wintry mix from the storm.

A sweep of dry, cold air moving will cause untreated wet and slushy areas to
freeze on Thursday night.

EDITOR'S STORY: This story was written by ALex Sosnowski, Senior Meteorologist
for AccuWeather.com.

___ (c)2015 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150304-1NW-Weather-to-affect
-daily-activities-for-100-million-people-0304-20150304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2015 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Texas: Dr. Laura Dague - Faculty Spotlight

LENGTH: 811  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas A&M University, The State of Texas has issued the following news release:

Dr. Laura Dague, an assistant professor in the MPSA program, earned a PhD in
economics from the University of Wisconsin, where she was associated with the
Population Health Institute and the Institute for Research on Poverty.  Her
doctoral fields of study were public economics and labor economics.  Dr. Dague's
research interests are in health economics and applied microeconomics, more
specifically in the structure of insurance markets, prices, and price-setting,
and how these affect people's decisions about health insurance.

A member of Phi Beta Kappa, Dague received a dissertation research award from
the Institute for Research on Poverty, and was a Fellow at the Federal Reserve
Bank of Chicago.  Dr. Dague's research team has been funded by the Robert Wood
Johnson Foundation, the UC Davis Center for Poverty Research, the W.E. Upjohn
Institute for Employment Research, and the State of Wisconsin Department of
Health Services.

"The more you know, the less things are a mystery; so it's best to know about
markets in actuality," Dague said.  "This includes looking at whether policy
decisions make people better or worse off."

Her recent publications focus on changes in the Medicaid program and their
relation to federal healthcare reform. She's currently considering how Medicaid
enrollees respond to premiums and copayments, the relationship between Medicaid
and the private insurance market, and the effects of expanding Medicaid to
nontraditional populations, such as low-income adults without dependent
children. She is also investigating how the structure of the health insurance
market in Chile affects insurance demand and usage of health care services. Her
work has been published in Health Affairs, Health Services Research, and
Medicaid and Medicare Research Review.

Dr. Dague also studies policy implications from the Affordable Care Act and how
Medicaid will affect people's choices, and notes that no one really knows yet
what the data will be or what it will show.

In summary, Dr. Dague says her research looks at how public policy affects
health insurance and how policy affects people's decisions.  "Fundamentally, my
research draws on the basic principles of economics--elasticities and models
based on the estimation of social welfare," Dague said.  Her interest in this
line of research was piqued after President Obama's election, and she thought
about all of the issues to be tackled.

While working for her state representative in Kansas during her undergraduate
studies, Dr. Dague would often wonder where ideas discussed in committee
meetings came from. "A professor encouraged me to take more economics classes,
and I realized that I think about the world in terms of people's incentives
because it's very logical," Dague said.

Her current publications include articles on how health insurance expansions
affect low-income families and the use of auto-enrollment in Medicaid programs.
In a June 2013 article in Health Affairs, Dague focused on healthcare usage in
the State of Wisconsin following an expansion of coverage to childless adults.
Her research also looks at healthcare in Chile and issues of price
discrimination based on sex and age.  Dr. Dague's research on health insurance
and labor supply was recently cited by the Congressional Budget Office in the
Budget and Economic Outlook.

At the Bush School, Dr. Dague teaches courses in economic analysis, public
finance, and healthcare policy.

"What is rewarding about teaching isn't being in front of the classroom, but the
relationships I build with my students," Dague said. "I think teaching can be
especially fun when we look at something new in the literature and connect it
with something else that's current and interesting."  Dague focuses on building
transferable skills for her students. She also wants them to learn how
economists think about and talk about things. In public finance, she allows her
students to focus on a particular policy area, while in her health policy class,
Dr. Dague emphasizes development of analytical skills.

She has some advice for students: "I think it's important not to be afraid of
quantitative analysis.  Understanding quantitative approaches can be key to
knowing what you can reasonably believe.  At least know where statistics come
from and how to interpret them. I think it's fun to be at a place where my
students will soon have jobs that put them in a position to be making
decisions."

Dr. Dague said she really enjoys being at the Bush School because the students
are serious and have specific goals, one of the best things about teaching
graduate students. She also enjoys being part of an institution where
outstanding speakers are often on campus as well as other intellectual events.

For further information please visit: http://tamutimes.tamu.edu/

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                            Employers Holdings, Inc.

                             10375 Professional Cir
                                Reno 89521-4802
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


EHI is an insurance holding company based in the US. The company's enhanced
financial leverage, broad service portfolio, strong distribution network and
strong combined ratio are the key strengths, even as its weak financial
performance and decline in cash position remain areas of concern. In future,
intense competition, changing regulation and fluctuations in interest rates may
affect the company's business performance. However, statutory requirements under
government laws, growing non-life insurance segment in the US, and growing
economy in the US are likely to provide new growth avenues to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


ENHANCED FINANCIAL LEVERAGE


Enhanced financial leverage or solvency position of the company strengthens its
ability to borrow and repay money, which in turn enhances its business
operations. The solvency position of EHI improved due to limited debt funding
than equity. The company recorded a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.04 at the end of
FY2015, marginally lower than 0.13 and 0.18 in FY2014 and FY2013 respectively.
At the end of FY2015, the company recorded 10.8% increase in equity from US$
686.8 million in FY2014 to US$760.8 million in FY2015. Strong solvency position
indicates utilization of lower financial leverage and its comparatively higher
equity position, underlining the better creditworthiness of the company.

BROAD SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad service portfolio helps EHI to serve a wide range of customers. The
company offers a wide range of services to its small businesses. It service
portfolio includes claims management services, fraud prevention services,
premium audit services, managed care services, return to work program, safety
promotion programs, insurance advisory services, loss run report and online
customer support services. Such a wide range of service offerings drives EHI's
top-line performance.

STRONG DISTRIBUTION NETWORK


A strong distribution network helps the company generate operational
efficiencies. EHI distributes its products and services through a network of
unparalleled customer service networks, agents, employees and strategic partners
across 33 states and District of Columbia. As on December 31, 2015, the company
sold and distributed its product and service through a network of 716 employees
and 5,123 independent agents. The company also operates through its online
platform to offer services to its clients. This strong distribution network
helps the company gain operational synergies and efficiently serves its
customers.

SOUND COMBINED RATIO


The sound combined ratio indicates that the company is making underwriting
profits. The company was able to maintain its combined operating ratio below the
level of 100.0% during FY2015. At the end of FY2015, the combined operating
ratio of the company was 94.1%, compared to 97.3% in FY2014. A suitable level of
combined ratio helps the company to record higher underwriting profit margins,
strengthening its financial position.


WEAKNESSES:


WEAK FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The company witnessed weak financial performance in FY2015, which is an area of
concern. The revenue of the company declined by 2.8%, from US$773.5 million in
FY2014 to US$752.1 million in FY2015. The revenue of the company declined
primarily due to decrease in other income and net realized losses on investment.
The other income of the company declined by 33.3%, from US$300 million in FY2014
to US$200 million in FY2015. The net realized losses on investment incurred by
the company was US$10,700 million. The company also reported decline in
operating income and net income. The operating income of the company declined by
6.8%, from US$109.6 million in FY2014 to US$102.1 million in FY2015. The net
income of the company declined by 6.2%, from US$100.7 million in FY2014 to US$
94.4 million in FY2015. Such weak financial performance will affect the
investors' confidence on the company.

DECREASE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined from US$103.6 million in FY2014 to US$56.6 million in FY2015,
representing a decline of 45.3%. Declined cash and equivalent may affect the
working capital requirements of the company, which in turn may affect the
company's business operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY OF THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
insurance products in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
insurance providers in the US such as EHI.

STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS UNDER GOVERNMENT LAWS


The company may benefit from the nature of the laws governing the employer
sponsored workers' compensation insurance, which state that employer is required
to pay for employees' medical, disability, and rehabilitation and death benefit
costs for work-related injuries or illnesses. Because of this regulation most
employees purchase workers' compensation insurance. Under the terms of workers'
compensation insurance policies, insurers pay all the benefits which the
employer may become obligated to pay under applicable workers' compensation
laws. The laws make it two types of benefits mandatory, medical benefits, which
include expenses related to diagnosis and treatment of the injury, and
rehabilitation and indemnity payments, which consist of temporary wage
replacement, permanent disability payments and death benefits to surviving
family members. In order to satisfy these requirements almost every employer
chooses to purchase workers' compensation insurance. EHI, a provider of workers'
compensation insurance, is well positioned to benefit from this.

GROWING NON-LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT IN THE US


Growing non-life insurance segment in the US will provide a significant growth
opportunity for the company. According to in-house report, the gross premium
written of non-life insurance segment is expected to reach US$1,229.9 billion in
2019. Rising construction industry, technological advances, rising cyber crime,
growing population in the US, growing export and import and changing
distribution channel are the major drivers for the growth of non-life insurance
segment. The company, a provider of workmen compensation insurance in the US, is
placed well to benefit from this.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the
company's profitability. Interest rate risk for insurance companies is a
significant factor in determining profitability. Although rate changes in either
direction may affect insurance companies operations and insurance companies
profitability typically rises and falls in concert with interest rate increases
or decreases. Changes in interest rates can affect the assets and the
liabilities of an insurance company. Insurance companies have substantial
investments in interest-rate-sensitive assets, such as bonds, as well as market
interest rate-sensitive products for their customers. Drops in interest rates
can decrease an insurance company's liabilities by decreasing its future
obligations to policyholders. However, lower interest rates can also make the
insurance company's products less attractive, resulting in lower sales and,
thus, lower income in the form of premiums that the insurance company has
available to invest. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

INTENSE COMPETITION


EHI operates in a highly competitive insurance market of the US, which may
adversely affect its market share and profits. The company competes with various
insurers based on the factors such as premiums charged and other terms and
conditions offered, products and services provided, commission structure,
financial ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, speed of claims
payment, reputation, selling effort and perceived financial strength. Some of
the major competitors of the company include Berkshire Hathaway Homestate
Companies, AmTrust Financial Service, Inc., California State Compensation
Insurance Fund, The Hartford Financial Services Group and Travelers Insurance
Group Holding Inc. Such intense competition is likely to put the company's
market position under stress and may keep revenues under pressure.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               November 15, 2013

                            Springs Global US, Inc.

                                  P.O. Box 70
                                Fort Mill 29716
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Springs Global US, Inc. (Springs Global) is a vertically integrated textile home
furnishings company. Strong support from the parent company, broad product
portfolio and diversified geographic presence are the company's key strengths,
whereas though reliance on limited customers remains as an area of concern.
Going forward, risks associated with foreign exchange, rising counterfeit goods
market, and rising labor wages may impede its business growth. However, growing
textile industry and increase in consumer spending in the US may provide ample
growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG SUPPORT FROM THE PARENT COMPANY
Springs Global US, Inc. is a part of Springs Global Participaçoões (SGP), which
is one of largest textile companies in Brazil. Its facilities are spanned across
Europe, Russia and North America. SGP has business operations in Brazil, the US,
Canada, Mexico, Hong Kong, and India. It operates 18 facilities and offices in
India and China. It also has strong brand portfolio such as Wamsutta, Regal,
Garcia, Arco Iris, Artex, Springmaid, Santista, Magicolor, Paladio and Calfat,
among others. Being a part of SGP, the company leverages a strong position
enjoyed by its parent company in the textile industry. SGP also shares best
practices and provides operational and financial support to Springs Global's new
product launches and business expansion plans.
BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Wide product portfolio helps the company to reduce market volatility in a
particular product segment. Springs Global is a vertically integrated textile
home furnishings company. Its products include textile goods such as sheets,
pillows, bedspreads, towels, and bath rugs. The company's bedding products
include sheets and pillowcases, comforters and comforter accessories,
bedspreads, blankets, bed skirts, quilts, duvet covers, pillow shams, decorative
and bed pillows, and mattress pads. Its bath products include towels, bath and
accent rugs, shower curtains, ceramic and other bath accessories. Springs
Global's window product portfolio includes window hardware and decorative rods,
horizontal blinds, motorized blinds, pleated and cellular shades, and soft
window treatments, such as drapes, valances and balloon shades It also produces
and markets bed and bath products for institutional and hospitality customers.
These products include home sewing fabrics and baby bedding and apparel
products. Springs Global produces home sewing kits to enable its customers to
create handmade crafts, quilts and other special items. It also manufactures
fabrics used by other companies to produce chair pads, decorative pillows and
other home-related items. Such wide product portfolio of the company supports
the innovation process to launch new products and enhance the revenue stream.
GEOGRAPHICAL DIVERSIFICATION
Diversified operations help the company to attract and retain varied customer
base, which increases its overall sales. Springs Global manufactures and markets
packaged textile and non-textile home furnishings. It operates over 30
manufacturing facilities in the US, Mexico and China. Springs Global also has
strong market position in North America, Euro-Asia, Mexico and Brazil. North
America provides a hub for distribution, brand building, design expertise,
marketing and access to the US retailers. The Euro-Asia region provides low cost
and high volume manufacturing while furnishing the value-added sewing and
embellishment crucial to home furnishings. Mexico offers more of the low cost
manufacturing facility to meet production demands. Wide geographic presence
helps the company gain broader brand awareness and paves way for further
business expansions easily. Such global footprint diversifies the risks
associated with the company's dependence upon a single region for a significant
share of revenues.

WEAKNESSES:
RELIANCE ON LIMITED CUSTOMERS
Dependence on limited customer base for major portion of revenues may affect the
company's operating revenue, if any of its key customers reduce or cancel their
orders. The company's largest customers, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Target and Bed
Bath & Beyond accounted for one third of its consolidated net sales. As the
retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and mass marketers become larger,
the company's large retail customers may seek to use their position to improve
their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing and increased
promotional programs. The company's dependence on select customers may affect
its business and result of operations if it is unable to find alternative
customers for its products and services. Also, such overdependence on selected
customers increases the bargaining power of its customers, which may affect its
business operations.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWING INDIAN TEXTILE MARKET
The company may benefit from the growing textile market in India. According to
Ministry of Textiles, the textiles industry is the second largest employment
generation industry after agriculture in India with a value of US$55 billion.
According to the Annual Report 2011-12 of the Ministry of Textiles, the industry
contributes 14.00% to industrial production, 4.00% to gross domestic product
(GDP), and 17.00% to the country's export earnings. Also, Indian textiles
industry is expected to secure a 7.00% share in the global textiles trade by
2012. According to Union Ministry of Textiles, the technical textiles segment is
expected to grow by 11.00% per annum till 2012-2013 and is estimated to grow at
6.00%-8.00% per annum till 2020 without any policy interventions. Such promising
market conditions in India provide ample growth opportunities for the company in
future.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
Increase in the consumer spending is a positive factor for the company's
operating in the US. According to a recent report by the US Bureau of Economic
Analysis (BEA), in 2012, personal income (PI) in the US increased by US$455
billion or 3.52% and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by US$381
billion or 3.30% as compared to 2011. In addition, personal consumption
expenditures (PCE) increased by US$391 billion or 3.64% during the same period.
Growing personal income, disposable personal income and personal consumption
expenditures indicates improved consumer spending in the US, which may
positively affect the purchases of cosmetics and performance of companies such
as Springs Global.

THREATS:
RISING LABOR COSTS IN THE US
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increases in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees are resulting in an increase in labor costs. The federal
minimum wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
The minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$5 per hour since 1997 and
increased to US$7 per hour in July 2010. In addition, the minimum wage rates
have crossed or are nearer to US$9 per hour in several states such as
Washington, California, District of Colombia, Oregon and Massachusetts, among
others. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, wages and salaries have
increased by 1.70% during the 12 month period ending September 2012.
Additionally, nine states have increased the minimum wages by 10 to 35 cents,
effective from January 1, 2013. Springs Global has operations in the US. Such
rise in minimum wages may increase its operating costs, which in turn affects
its profit margins.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
The fluctuations in foreign exchanges may impact the operational performance of
the company. With Bonne Bell's products marketed in the US, China, Brazil,
Canada, Mexico, Argentina, Canada and other countries. The non-US dollar
currencies' appreciation over US dollar or vice-versa may incur additional costs
to the company, and increase capital expenditures in the US dollar terms. This
is expected to impact the company's competitive position against its close
competitors. This, in turn, may affect the profitability of the company.
RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS MARKET
The company's business may affect as a result of the huge influx of counterfeit
products. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise may lower the company's sales
and adversely affects its profit margins. Moreover, as customers mistakenly
purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, the low quality of the
products affects consumer confidence and also damages the brand image of the
genuine company. In February 2011, International Chamber of Commerce (ICC)
reported that the global economic and social impacts of counterfeiting and
piracy is expected to reach US$1,700 billion by 2015 and places approximately 3
million legitimate jobs at risk every year. International trade in fakes is
expected to increase to US$960 billion by 2015. Through low price offerings, the
imitated goods are affecting the sales of the branded products. Thus, the
company's financial performance and brand image may significantly get affected
as a result of influx of counterfeit products in the market.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

Playoff shouldn't affect your takeoff

BYLINE: Ilene Aleshire, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 371 words


Jan. 09--Saturday and Tuesday will be busy days for the Eugene Airport with
flights going to and from the College Football Playoff final game, which will be
held in Arlington, Texas, on Monday.

"We have several charters departing on the 10th and returning on the 13th," said
Cathryn Stephens, assistant airport director. "Both days are equally busy. These
are all wide-body aircraft -- Boeing 737, 747, 757, 767."

"As far as commercial flights," Stephens said, "I've heard that pretty much all
flights are full, but I don't have numbers from the airlines."

The large charter flights on Saturday are scheduled to depart at 9 a.m., 10 a.m.
and 11 a.m., Stephens said.

"Those are outside of the early morning crunch and an hour apart," she said, so
they shouldn't affect passengers departing on regularly scheduled flights. If
those passengers arrive at the airport 90 minutes before departure, the time
frame the airport normally recommends, they should be fine, Stephens said.

"Charter passengers should have already been told when to arrive at the
airport," she added.

The University of Oregon Alumni Association will have 1,021 total passengers on
sold-out tour packages leaving from Eugene and Portland, UO spokeswoman Julie
Brown said.

There are three charter flights leaving before the game -- two from Eugene and
one from Portland -- that are part of three-day air-land packages, and one
game-day charter leaving from Portland, Brown said.

Stephens said the fog that has been lingering in the Willamette Valley should
not be a problem for the charter flights.

"They all have low-visibility operations equipment on the aircraft to use in
conjunction with our Cat II/III instrument lighting system on the field," she
said. "As long as visibility stays above 600 feet, we'll be fine.

"Commercial flights are more likely to be impacted by weather across the country
-- think SFO (San Francisco)," Stephens said. "But I'm hopeful that travel
around the national championship will go smoothly for everyone."

Follow Ilene on Twitter @ialeshire . Email ilene.aleshire@registerguard.com .

___ (c)2015 The Register-Guard (Eugene, Ore.) Visit The Register-Guard (Eugene,
Ore.) at www.registerguard.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150109-EU-Playoff-shouldn-t-affect-your-takeoff-20150109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2015 The Register Guard


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 19, 2010 Friday

Realignment could affect Maroons

BYLINE: Bruce Sayler, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1093 words


Nov. 19--Pending reclassifications and realignments could have much affect on
Butte Central's high school sports, and also on the overall use of the Maroons'
gym.

Discussion at the November meeting of Advantage Butte, held on Tuesday at the
Butte Plaza Inn, included the situations.

Chad Petersen, Butte Central activities director, said a meeting is slated for
Monday in Bozeman concerning Class A potential realignment. A proposal is
expected to come out of the meeting and sent on to the Montana High School
Association for action. The MHSA meetings will be held Jan. 17.

Ronan is proposing to leave the Northwestern A Conference for Class B. The move
would leave the Northwestern A with four schools while the three other divisions
of Class A will have six apiece. Bigfork did the same thing a couple of years
ago, left Class A and the Northwestern Division for District 7-B.

"Everything's on the table," Petersen said about realignment ideas for Class A.
"But there will be a shakeup in our class."

Ideas formed in anticipation of such a move in past talks have included sending
Frenchtown to the Northwestern A from the Southwestern A, then placing Butte
Central in the Southwestern A and leaving the Central A with five schools.
Another is to move Browning to the Northwestern A from the Central A, but winter
travel over hazardous Marias Pass has been the deterrent to such a proposal in
the past.

Also, thoughts have been voiced to divide Class A's 22 schools, with the loss of
Ronan, into two or three divisions in a statewide shuffle.

Current conferences in Class A are as follow:

Eastern A -- Billings Central, Glendive, Hardin, Laurel, Miles City and Sidney;

Central A -- Belgrade, Browning, Butte Central, Havre, Lewistown and Livingston;

Southwestern A -- Anaconda, Corvallis, Dillon, Frenchtown, Hamilton and
Stevensville; Northwestern A -- Columbia Falls, Libby, Ronan, Polson and
Whitefish.

Petersen did not really tip his hand to what Butte Central is looking for in a
realignment proposal, but seemed to like one that would have less travel for the
Maroons.

"There are 14 other Class A schools that are closer to us, geographically, than
Havre," Petersen noted.

A similar development is brewing in Class C where Manhattan Christian is
proposing to move back to District 8-C for girls' volleyball next year, and
11/12-C for all other sports. Manhattan Christian is currently in Class B,
competing in the District 5-B Conference.

Enrollment numbers decide, in most cases, at what level a school competes in
extracurriculars, primarily athletics.

The proposed addition of Manhattan Christian to the 8-C or 11/12-C grouping
would make an already large conference even bigger. Ennis similarly dropped back
to the district from a short-lived Class B membership earlier this decade, and
Lone Peak High of Big Sky opened last year, and joined the same loop.

Other members are Twin Bridges, Sheridan, Harrison, Lima, West Yellowstone,
Gardiner, Shields Valley, White Sulphur Springs and Willow Creek.

Don Peoples Jr., director of the Maroon Activities Center, said he thought it
very possible the district may choose to divide. The district has held its
district tournament at the MAC the past five school years in basketball, and
four in volleyball. It has also been home to the Western C Divisional
tournaments over the same time.

Qualifiers from the western Montana Class C districts -- 13 and 14 in
basketball, 9 and 10 in volleyball -- join the qualifiers from 11/12-C or 8-C in
the divisionals.

Manhattan Christian recently built a nice sports facility in Churchill and may
be looking to hold some tournaments, too.

Peoples said he received positive feedback from the recent 8-C and Western C
volleyball tourneys, but said the events are beginning to take their tolls on
the MAC, which opened in 2005, and some more help will be needed from the
community for upkeep and repairs.

"I think the crowds weer slightly off last year's attendance," Peoples said.
"But I think the conferences and districts still enjoy coming to the MAC.

"With Manhattan Christian coming in, 8-C might split up. It's kind of up in the
air about district realignment. But I think it still looks good for us for
divisionals as we remain geographically centrally located."

Meetings are expected to be scheduled between MAC and Advantage Butte officials
with Class C representatives, including Paul Bills, Ennis activities director.
Costs will be one item, but another will be tournament management as Dave Marsh
of Sheridan has announced this school year will be his last as director of the
Class C district and divisional competitions held in Butte.

"Our (MAC) board asked me to relate to you that through five years of tourneys,
it is financially becoming more difficult for the MAC to hold tournaments,"
Peoples said at the Advantage Butte meeting. "At first, we aggressively sold
advertising for the tournament programs, but the district and the schools have
taken back the program sales."

He said an agreement for shirt sales with Universal Athletic Services this year
took away another way Butte Central was able to earn money from holding the
tournaments.

"So we've lost two significant revenue streams," Peoples said. "The rent we
charged this year for both tourneys was $850. With a turn to cooler temperatures
this year, we didn't' even making heating costs (on the rent).

"So the message from the board is that we're going to need more revenue help to
hold the tournaments. We have a great relationship with the schools and we
really do like hosting the tournaments."

Ron Davis, Advantage Butte president, said that Marsh has assured the Class C
school administrators that efficiency wouldn't fall off in his absence from the
scene.

"So, when we have discussions go on with the MAC, that can be addressed (the
tourney hosting and financial situations)," Davis, who also represents Butte
Broadcasting at the Advantage Butte meetings, said. "It's like they keep saying
about everything, revenues are going down and costs are going up."

Peoples said MAC staff is learning tournament administration and will be ready
to take the reins for the 2011-2012 slate at the facility.

"I think we've learned the ropes from Dave to where we can step up," he said.

To see more of The Montana Standard, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtstandard.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Montana Standard, Butte
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101119-BU-Realignment-could-affect-Maroons-1119-20101119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2010 The Montana Standard


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 18, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

VOICES/Has the S&L crisis shaken your confidence in financial institutions?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 351 words


Cliff Luce, 47
Sales manager
Windham, Maine

No. I don't think the banks will go under. The government won't allow that to
happen. But there is a little uncertainty. I know people who have two and three
accounts so they don't have all their eggs in one basket. I'm doing the same.
But banks have become a lot more conservative as a result of the crisis.

Judy Grigsby, 44
Homemaker
Columbus, Ga.

Definitely. I am worried that the savings and loan failure will affect the
regular banks. What affects one area will affect others. The laws were just too
relaxed for the S&Ls, and they simply overextended themselves. Banks have become
more conservative in their lending practices. This may help.

Ted Harris, 65
Retired postal worker
Los Angeles, Calif.

No. Banks are safe as long as they are insured by the FDIC, and so are deposits.
I think the banks are especially careful since the S&L shakeup. But this will
cause a problem for people who don't have much money and want to buy a home. It
will be more difficult for them to get a loan.

Bill Roederer, 29
School principal
Remsen, Iowa

No. I don't think the S&L crisis will filter down to the banks or the business
industry. The problem with the S&Ls was simply mismanagement. Banks are probably
more careful now. But I don't think they will change their policies very much.
There is concern that something like this may happen.

Judy Finck, 43
Financial manager
Bismarck, N.D.

I am concerned that this could happen to banks. But banks are safer than S&Ls
because their lending practices haven't changed over the years. The S&Ls went
into lending areas that they were not familiar with. In our area, the S&Ls
failed because of the economy, not bad lending practices.

Marcia Slade, 32
Paraprofessional
Milwaukee, Wis.

Yes. Banks are very questionable, although bankers try to reassure you that your
money is safe. You just can't put all your confidence in their safety. Although
I put my money in the bank, I still have reservations. I would like to believe
that the savings and loan crisis has made banks more cautious.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Cliff Luce, Windham, ME); PHOTO; b/w (Judy Grigsby,
Columbus, GA); PHOTO; b/w (Ted Harris, Los Angeles, CA); PHOTO; b/w (Bill
Roederer, Remsen, IA); PHOTO; b/w (JudyFinck, Bismarck, N.D.); PHOTO; b/w
(Marcia Slade,Milwaukee, WI)

TYPE: Opinion; Voices

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 20, 2010 Wednesday

BNSF Barstow consolidation could affect 100 local families

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 538 words


Oct. 20--About 100 local employees of BNSF Railway Co. have been told they may
have to move to Barstow as part of a consolidation that could shift additional
personnel from Los Angeles and Needles to the desert town.

A company spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday that BNSF's Bakersfield-based train
operations employees were given notice of the possible transfer last month. She
said the move would not result in layoffs for existing employees, and that the
company has not decided when -- or even if -- it will go ahead with the
consolidation.

The proposed consolidation was designed to give one of the nation's largest
railroad operators more ready access to operating crews.

An official with the union that represents local BNSF workers could not be
reached for comment Tuesday.

A BNSF worker, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the consolidation
proposal has upset enough employees that the company is considering backing off
the idea. He said he could be affected by the move but that he does not live in
the Bakersfield area.

Another worker who asked not to be identified for fear he could lose his job
said the proposed consolidation could affect BNSF employees up and down the
state, since senior workers unwilling to move to Barstow could avoid the
transfer by bumping those with less seniority -- even if they live in areas not
directly impacted by the plan.

Both of the workers said such a move would affect not only the 100 or so
employees, but their spouses and children's education as well.

"Who wants to move to Barstow, right?" one of the men asked.

While there was no indication how many BNSF employees would agree to make the
move, transferring so many people out of the Bakersfield area clearly would
impact Kern's economy, in that they would no longer pay local taxes, for
example, or shop at local stores.

Managers at the BNSF Bakersfield Terminal near D and 16th streets declined to
discuss the proposal, calling it a "sensitive" matter.

Lena Kent, spokeswoman for Fort Worth, Texas-based BNSF, said the consolidation
proposal came up as a way to ensure that sufficient crews were available to
operate trains.

"It's in response to having crews available to meet ... on-time expectations of
our customers," she said. "If you don't have crews available, you can't have
on-time trains."

Kent said such a move would affect only Bakersfield's train operating personnel,
not BNSF employees who work specifically building bridges, maintaining signals
and such. She also emphasized that the Bakersfield terminal would not be shut
down: It would become an "away from home" terminal rather than a "home"
terminal, near which company employees would be expected to reside.

Kent could provide no information on how many workers would be affected in
Needles or Los Angeles.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101020-BK-BNSF-Barstow-consolidation-could-affect
-100-local-families-1020-20101020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2010 The Bakersfield Californian


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                     Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation

                              8200 Jones Branch Dr
                               Mclean 22102-3107
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Freddie Mac is a provider of financial services based in the US. Government
sponsored enterprise, comprehensive offerings of mortgage loans and wide
customer base are its major strengths, even as its geographic concentration and
decline in cash position remain areas of concern. In future, interest rates,
regulations, and competition may affect its business performance. However,
economy in the US, initiatives and mortgage market in the US will provide ample
growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


GOVERNMENT SPONSORED ENTERPRISE


Freddie Mac is a government sponsored enterprise (GSE) with a mission to provide
liquidity, stability, and affordability to the US housing market. Post, the
sub-prime crisis, Freddie Mac was put under conservative approach with Federal
Housing Finance Agency (FHFA). The company and the government play mutual role
in the housing finance market, without which mortgage rates would rise sharply
and most homeowners would be unable to obtain mortgage credit. Since the
beginning of 2009, the company has helped American families rent or own a home,
and prevent foreclosures. Such strategic importance of Freddie Mac to the
economy enables it to gain huge support from the government.

COMPREHENSIVE OFFERINGS OF MORTGAGE LOANS


The company's comprehensive offerings of mortgage loans help it efficiently
cater to the diverse needs of its customers. The company provides credit
guarantee for residential mortgages originated by mortgage lenders and invests
in mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities across the US. It principally
invests in mortgage-related securities and single-family performing mortgage
loans, which are funded by other debt issuances and hedged derivatives. The
company is focused on the investment, sale, purchase, securitization, and
guarantee of multifamily mortgage loans and securities. Such a comprehensive
offerings of mortgage loans allow it to garner higher market share and increase
its revenues.

WIDE CUSTOMER BASE


The company caters to a broad range of customers, which provides it with
competitive advantage over its competitors. For instance, the company's Single
Family Guarantee division caters to the requirements of loan prospector, loan
quality advisor, and home value explorer. Its Investment division offers its
solutions to insurance companies, money managers, central banks, depository
institutions, and pension funds. Freddie Mac's multifamily division caters to
the requirements of its two largest multifamily sellers: CBRE Capital Markets,
Inc. and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC that accounted for 15% and 13%,
respectively, of its multifamily new business volume for 2015. Such diversified
customer base enables the company to enhance its revenue generating model and
further strengthen its operational performance.


WEAKNESSES:


CASH POSITION


The decline in the company's cash position may be a concern, as it may affect
its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Freddie Mac's cash and
equivalents declined from US$10,928 million in FY2014 to US$5,595 million in
FY2015, representing a decline of 48.8. The performance of the company largely
depends upon the cash position and its ability to generate cash from operations.
Lack of sufficient liquidity may affect the working capital requirements of the
company negatively, which might hamper its operations.

GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Overdependence on the US market for its revenue may be a cause of concern for
the company during any political or economic adversity in the region. The
company generates its revenue from the US. Overdependence on a single geographic
region puts the bank at risk, as any adverse development in the political,
economic or climatic environment of the region might have an adverse impact on
the company's business. It also restricts its market share and growth options.


OPPORTUNITIES:


MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand
for mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at 2.6%
in 2015. It is expected to reach 2.8% in 2016. Positive growth in the economy
keeps a balance between exports and imports in the country, further bolsters
individual consumption and investment, and strengthens government spending.
Growing economic activities will increase prices on the face of stimulating
demand that is likely to save the US from tipping into deflation. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions in the country. Freddie
Mac, which offers financial solutions in the US, is likely to benefit from such
positive economic growth.

INITIATIVES


The company is taking various strategic initiatives to drive its business. In
this direction, in 2015, the company introduced a new online Real Estate
Professionals Resource Center, to keep agents, counselors, brokers and other
house dealers and practitioners updated of mortgage products. In the same year,
the company collaborated with Quicken Loans Inc., to enable home financing
accessible for new buyers. Strategic initiatives will enable the company to
better serve its customers.


THREATS:


INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the company's results of operations
and net worth. The company's credit guarantee and investment activities in
single family and multifamily mortgage assets expose it to interest rate and
other market risks. Changes in interest rates occur mainly due to changes in the
monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and its agencies, as well
as due to geopolitical events or changes in general economic conditions.
Fluctuations in interest rates may affect the prepayment rate on assets and cash
flows generated by the company. With decrease in interest rate, the borrowers
may prepay their loans by refinancing them at a lower rate. Increased chances of
prepayment on the loans underlying its mortgage-related securities may
negatively affect the value of these securities. The increase in interest rates
increases the borrower's risk of default. Such volatile interest rates may
impact the company's operating performance, as its income and investment returns
depend on the level of interest rates.

COMPETITION


The mortgage sector in the US is highly competitive. The company competes mainly
with banking and non-banking institutions such as Federal Agricultural Mortgage
Corporation, Federal Home Loan Banks, Federal National Mortgage Association and
Government National Mortgage Association. It also competes with financial
institutions that contain and securitize loans, including commercial and
investment banks, insurance companies, dealers, and thrift institutions. The
company competes with other companies based on factors such as price, products,
service, and securities structure. Intense competition in the market could
negatively affect the company's results from operations and its financial
position.

REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include the regulation of selling practices and
solvency requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations
may have a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 25, 2011 Friday

Bay protection plan will affect Keyser water rates

BYLINE: Emily Newman, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 478 words


Feb. 25--KEYSER, W.Va. -- Residents of Keyser will be the only municipal water
customers in Mineral County to see higher rates when a watershed plan required
by the federal government to limit harmful runoff into the Chesapeake Bay goes
into effect.

The rate change will affect those wastewater treatment plants that process more
than 400,000 gallons of water per day or greater. The plants will be required to
change their systems to provide water putting out less nitrogen, thus
translating into high rates for customers.

At Tuesday's Mineral County Commission meeting, Alana Hartman, eastern basin
coordinator for the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection,
presented the Watershed Implementation Plan, which is required by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency.

"It is something the EPA is requiring in each of the Chesapeake jurisdictions,"
said Hartman.

Farmers with a large number of animals will also be affected.

"If there is a farm with a large number of (livestock) in a confined area, they
would have to comply with (Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations) CAFO
guidelines," said Hartman.

Hartman said the purpose of this is to have permitted farms and that the CAFO
permit is not in effect yet, but the DEP hopes to have it in place by the end of
the year.

"(The EPA) wants control over 75 percent of those so they can say at some point
in the future, these are now permitted farms," said Hartman.

Those livestock guidelines are set by the EPA and include a nutrient management
plan. The guidelines would require those farmers who qualify to put up livestock
exclusion fencing, or fencing that would restrict livestock's access. Hartman
said that 40 percent of pastures in West Virginia abut a stream, and that is
where the fencing would have to be constructed to keep the livestock from
trampling the sides of the streams and defecating in them.

"There are already cost-share programs for farmers to take advantage of," said
Hartman.

Other residents, who are not farm owners, will be encouraged to help cut down on
rainwater and snowmelt runoff. As with many of the measures outlined, they will
be voluntary, so as to not impose regulation.

"It will really help local water quality," said Hartman.

As for the rising water rates, Hartman said that there will be oversight by the
state Public Service Commission, which will monitor rates and provide loans and
grants for communities.

"There are checks in place to help lessen the burden," said Hartman.

Emily Newman can be contacted at enewman@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Cumberland Times-News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110225-UM-Bay-protection-plan-will-affect
-Keyser-water-rates-0225-20110225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2011 Cumberland Times-News


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Feeding Horses Before Exercise: What to Feed and When?

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: New York



 Manhattan: Kansas State University has issued the following news release:



   Three experiments were conducted to evaluate if feeding hay with and without
grain affects glycemic response and hematological responses in Thoroughbred
horses at rest and during a simulated competition exercise test on a high-speed
treadmill. The first experiment evaluated how feeding forage along with grain
influences plasma variables and water intake. The second experiment was
conducted to determine whether these changes affect exercise performance. The
third experiment was conducted to determine how forage alone affects exercise
response.





 Results showed that time of hay feeding affects glycemic response, plasma
protein, and water intake post grain feeding. Free-choice hay feeding resulted
in a 9% reduction in plasma volume. Fasted horses had lower blood lactate after
exercise compared to the grain fed treatments. Heart rate was significantly
different between treatments. Feeding only forage before exercise had a much
smaller effect on glycemic and insulin response to exercise than a grain meal.
Forage did not affect free fatty acid availability.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Raisin ruling not likely to affect cherry growers

BYLINE: Dan Nielsen, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 344 words


June 23--TRAVERSE CITY -- A U.S. Supreme Court ruling that declared a marketing
program for raisins unconstitutional most likely won't change the tart cherry
marketing program.

"We think our order is sufficiently different that it won't affect us," said
Perry Hedin, executive director of the Cherry Industry Administrative Board.

The Supreme Court ruled on Monday that the government can't force raisin farmers
to give up part of their annual crop for less than it's worth, a victory for
conservative groups that hailed the decision as a win for private property
rights.

The justices ruled 8-1 that the program sprouted from the Great Depression is
unconstitutional because it allows federal officials to seize personal property
from farmers without fully compensating them, even though the goal is to benefit
farmers by stabilizing market prices.

The court sided with California farmers Marvin and Laura Horne, who claimed they
were losing money under a program they called outdated and ineffective. They had
been fined $695,000 for trying to get around it.

Writing for the court, Chief Justice John Roberts said the government must pay
"just compensation" when it takes personal goods, just as when it takes land
away.

Hedin said the cherry program differs from the raisin program in a key way. The
raisin board takes legal possession of raisins and sells them, he said.

"Our organization works very differently," said Hedin. "We say to the processor,
a portion must be withheld from the market. We regulate the process. We never
take the title to those cherries, or ever have the ability to sell them. I think
that's a significant distinction between the two."

He has asked the United States Department of Agriculture for clarification.

The cherry board meets Thursday to consider its annual cherry marketing order.
That decision will proceed, Hedin said, since the board is obligated to issue
the annual order.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150623-ZK-Raisin-ruling-not-likely-to-affect
-cherry-growers-0623-20150623

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues Letter to U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service regarding Section 7 consultation for the Sabal Trail Project under
CP15-17.

LENGTH: 732 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Issues the following  Letter
to    ENERGY PROJECTS, OFFICE OF





 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 OFFICE OF ENERGY PROJECTS

 888 First Street, NE

 WASHINGTON, DC 20426

 In Reply Refer To:

 OEP/DG2E/Gas Branch 3

 Sabal Trail Transmission, LLC

 Docket No. CP15-17-000

 October 1, 2015

 Ms. Annie Dziergowski

 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

 North Florida Ecological Services Field Office

 7915 Baymeadows Way, Suite #200

 Jacksonville, FL 32256

 Re: Sabal Trail Project - Section 7 Consultation

 Ms. Dziergowski:



 In accordance with Section 7 of the Endangered Species Act, we have prepared a

 Biological Assessment (BA) for the Hillabee Expansion, Sabal Trail, and Florida


 Southeast Connection Projects as proposed by Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line
Company,

 LLC; Sabal Trail Transmission, LLC (Sabal Trail); and Florida Southeast
Connection,

 LLC, respectively. These are separate, but connected, natural gas transmission
pipeline

 projects collectively referred to as the Southeast Market Pipelines (SMP)
Project. The

 findings in our BA are based in part on the analyses provided in the draft
Environmental

 Impact Statement (EIS) for the SMP Project. Our BA is included as appendix K of
the

 enclosed draft EIS.

 Based on the findings of Sabal Trail's habitat and species survey reports, our

 analysis of the potential effects of the proposed action as reported in the BA
and the draft

 EIS, and our ongoing consultation and coordination with your office, we have
determined

 that constructing and operating the Sabal Trail Project is not likely to
adversely affect;

 and is likely to adversely affect federally listed threatened and endangered
species and

 critical habitat. Our determinations, which are summarized in the following
table, take

 into consideration certain mitigation measures committed to by Sabal Trail as
well as our

 20151002-4007 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/02/2015

 - 2 -

 recommendations to further avoid and minimize impacts as shown in boldface in
the

 draft EIS.1

 Summary of Effects to Federally Listed Species for the Sabal Trail Project

 Not Likely to Adversely

 Affect the following

 species:

 Fat three-ridge, finelined pocketbook, Gulf moccasinshell, oval pigtoe, purple

 bankclimber, shinyrayed pocketbook, Southern clubshell, gulf sturgeon, frosted

 flatwoods salamander, American alligator, Florida panther, crested caracara,
and

 wood stork

 Not Likely to Adversely

 Affect Critical Habitat for

 the following species:

 Fat three-ridge, Gulf moccasinshell, oval pigtoe, purple bankclimber,
shinyrayed

 pocketbook, and Gulf sturgeon

 Likely to Adversely Affect

 the following species:

 Blue-tailed mole skink, Eastern indigo snake, Florida sand skink, Florida
scrub-jay,

 and longspurred mint

 We request your concurrence with our not likely to adversely affect
determinations

 and also request to enter into formal consultation with your office regarding
the species

 that the Sabal Trail Project is likely to adversely affect. If you have any
questions

 regarding these requests, or if the FWS would like additional copies of the BA
or draft

 EIS, please contact Danny Laffoon, Project Biologist at (202) 502-6257 or John

 Peconom, Environmental Project Manager, at (202) 502-6352.

 Sincerely,

 James Martin

 Chief, Gas Branch 3

 Division of Gas - Environment

 and Engineering

 Enclosure

 cc: Public File, Docket No. CP15-17-000

 1 The &ldquo;recommendations&rdquo; in the EIS text are not recommendations to
the applicant (i.e., they

 are not mere suggestions to the project sponsor). Rather, they are FERC staff

 recommendations to the Commission for inclusion as mandatory conditions to any

 authorization the Commission may issue for the project. Please see section 5.2
of the draft

 EIS for how these conditions would appear in a FERC Order.

 20151002-4007 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/02/2015

 - 3 -

 Ms. Jennifer Pritchett

 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

 Alabama Ecological Services

 Field Office

 1208-B Main Street

 Daphne, AL 36526

 Mr. Ted Martin

 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

 South Florida Ecological Services

 Field Office

 1339 20th Street

 Vero Beach, FL 32960-3559

 20151002-4007 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/02/2015

 Document Content(s)

 SMP BA Cover Letter to North Florida FWS FO.DOC.......................1-3

 20151002-4007 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/02/2015



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          East Bernard Express (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 14, 2013

If/how weather affects your body and emotions;
Images

BYLINE: East Bernard Express staff

LENGTH: 817  words


Because my wife has been planning to fly to New York this week to visit our
youngest daughter and see our new grandpuppy Mabel, I checked out the weather
for the area, to find the weatherman forecasting snow flurries for tomorrow. The
thought of snow flurries took my mind back to the time we lived in Michigan
where flurries were common, even in November. I remember how the first flurry in
November made my spirits buoyant, and, later, how snow in February made me
morose and grouchy.

There's no doubt that weather affects us for better or worse in many ways, and
I'm not talking about catastrophic typhoons that kill and injure thousands of
people as in the case of the Philippines last week; those weather events affect
people in an obvious way.

No, I'm talking about how weather, in general, can affect our bodies and our
moods. The Associated Press reported that one in four Americans believe weather
affects our moods. Psychologists have studied this belief for many years, and
apparently they agree with the one in four of us who think it greatly affects
our emotions. They have a term for what we experienced during the long Michigan
winter -- Seasonal Affective Disorder. After months of snow, ice, zero
temperatures, and no sun, you get a sort of "cabin fever" which drives you nuts.
You start feeling down and sad and you feel an agonizingly painful yearning to
see the sun, if just for a short time.

Of course when spring arrives, the SAD goes away.

Here in our area where winters are mild and short, most folks say they are more
likely to feel sad and gloomy during our monsoons (which have: been a little
rarer the past few years). Some of us indoor types actually feel a little more
upbeat during the rains, maybe because they help to justify our wanting to be
inside most of the time anyway. Is it the pleasant temperatures or balmy breezes
in Hawaii that make vacationers feel so cheerful, or is it the pina coladas and
the hula dances?

Psychologists say that it is more than just rain or snow or sunshine that affect
our emotions. Other factors are barometric pressure, humidity, type of
cloudiness, windy or non-windy conditions, temperature, frequency of change,
etc. Psychology being an inexact science, I'm not sure we can ever really nail
it.

What is a little easier to nail is the way that weather affects our bodies.
Professors of geosciences tell us that barometric pressure changes do affect our
blood pressure, a fact that those of us with high blood pressure need to
consider. You don't have to tell those of us with arthritis that weather affects
our joints, we know that as a fact (even when some people insist it's just our
imagination)

If you remember the weather conditions last Sunday, you may understand why those
who came to my church with walking canes said their joints were stiffer that
morning.

Biometeorologists study the physical effects weather has on human beings, and
they also study how climate changes can affect geographical areas and
populations; in other words, how climate changes affect the symptoms of existing
diseases and impact animals, plants and humans.

There are those who even say the phases of the moon affect the crime rate, that
more violent crimes and murders occur during certain phases of the moon. Whether
that's true or not, I don't know, but the moon's pull does affect the earth,
such as the oceans' tides, which impact weather conditions, which impact our
bodies and our emotions.

"Shooters, motive a mystery after deadly house party," reads the frontpage
headlines of today's Chronicle. In the Cypress area, two high school students
were killed and twenty others wounded. One month it's a campus shooting, another
month it's a home shooting. Surely scientists don't believe that the awful
violence we see so frequently in America and elsewhere in the world is
weather-related. Some say it is the culture of violence that is fostered by the
media and electronic games; some say it's a lack of gun control; some say it's
bad parenting; lack of discipline at school; loss of religious values, etc. We
have a long way to go in finding an answer to that one, don't we?

It's funny how a weather report can trigger so many ramblings -- one of the joys
of being a newspaper columnist.

If I were a geoscientist, a biome-teorologist, a jurisprudence scientist, or
some other kind of "ist" (other than a column-ist), I would have to spend hours
every day at my telescope, hours every day at my microscope, and at many other
devices I don't know anything about -- only to conclude after a year's study
that "at this time there is no conclusive evidence to be found." Everybody knows
to take a columnist with a grain of salt!

Ray Spitzenberger serves as pastor of St. Paul Lutheran Church in Wal-lis, after
retiring from Wharton County Junior College, where he taught English and speech
and served as chairman of Communications and Fine Arts for many years.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EBX

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 East Bernard Express


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 19, 2012 Friday

Study on El Paso, Juarez children shows violence, poverty affect mental health

BYLINE: Diana Washington Valdez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Oct. 19--Collective violence attributed to organized crime and poverty is
adversely affecting the mental health of children living near the U.S./Mexico
border, according to an expert at the Paul L. Foster School of Medicine
Department of Psychiatry.

The research by Marie Leiner, a research associate professor at Texas Tech
University Health Sciences Center (TTUHSC), was presented today at the American
Academy of Pediatrics National Conference and Exhibition in New Orleans.

"There is cumulative harm to the mental health of children from the combination
of collective violence attributed to organized crime and poverty," Leiner said.
"Untreated mental health problems predict violence, anti-social behaviors and
delinquency, and this affects

families, communities and individuals. It is crucial to address the mental
health of children on the border to counteract the devastating effects this
setting will have in the future."

In the study, "Children's Mental Health and Collective Violence: A Bi-National
Study on the United States/Mexican Border," researchers compared psychosocial
and behavior scores among children and adolescents living in El Paso and Juarez
in 2007 and 2010.

The children were Mexican or Mexican-American, lived below the poverty level and
went to a clinic for non-emergency visits. None of them had known a history of
diagnosed mental illness, or a neurological or life-threatening disease or
disability.

Leiner said the psychosocial and behavioral scores

among children living in poverty in El Paso did not change significantly between
2007 and 2010, although these children living in poverty had considerable
psychosocial and behavioral problems.

On the Mexican side, though, children exhibited significant increases in social
problems, rule-breaking and aggressive behavior, with higher scores reported in
2010.

TTUHSC President Tedd L. Mitchell, M.D., said the knowledge from studies such as
this one is essential for health care providers

working in underserved areas like El Paso and Juarez.

"As the only accredited medical school on the U.S.-Mexico border, we feel that
it is important for the Paul L. Foster School of Medicine to make groundbreaking
discoveries that help us to better meet the needs of our region," Mitchell said.

The abstract is available at
https://aap.confex.com/aap/2012/webprogrampress/Paper16368.html.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121019-EY-Study-on-El-Paso-Juarez-children-shows-violence-poverty-
affect-mental-health-1019-20121019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            April 28, 2005, Thursday

GENE THAT DICTATES HOW LONG WE NEED TO SLEEP IS DISCOVERED

BYLINE: BY STEVE CONNOR

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 494 words


Scientists believe they have identified the gene that affects the chemistry of
sleep, determining whether we are capable of sleeping for a little as three
hours a night without ill effects.

The find could explain why the ability to remain awake happily for half of the
night appears to run in some families, who may carry a genetic mutation that
disrupts normal sleep patterns.

Researchers hope the discovery will open the way to understanding the chemical
basis of sleep so new drugs can be developed to overcome the effects of
prolonged sleep disruption.

A study has found that the gene controls biochemical 'channels' that determine
the flow of charged particles " potassium ions " into the critical regions of
the brain involved in sleep.

Scientists at the University of Wisconsin-Madison believe they have for the
first time shown how a single gene can affect sleep.

'This research offers the possibility of developing a new class of compounds
that could affect potassium channels in the brain rather than the brain-
chemical systems targeted currently,' said Chiara Cirelli, a professor of
psychiatry at Wisconsin and lead author of the study. The study, published in
the journal Nature, involved screening 9,000 mutant fruit flies to see how
genetic mutations affect their sleeping patterns.

Like humans, fruit flies need between six and 12 hours of sleep each night and
show signs of physical stress if they are deprived of rest. But some flies
carrying a mutation in a gene called 'shaker' were happy with just a few hours'
sleep.

When the short-sleeping flies were put through a series of tests, they performed
as well as normal flies even though they slept for just a third as long. The
scientists believe the findings are directly relevant to humans.

'The more behaviours we look at, in terms of sleep, the more we find that sleep
in fruit flies is very, very similar to sleep in mammals,' Professor Cirelli
said. Like humans, sleep-deprived flies need to catch up on their sleep to get
back to normal and young flies need more sleep than older flies, which like
humans suffer increasingly from sleep disruption the older they become.

The scientists believe that the shaker gene controls the potassium channels that
determine whether the body drifts into the deep sleep associated with slow brain
waves " as opposed to the light, fast-wave sleep when there is rapid
eye-movement (REM) and dreaming.

A detailed analysis of the mutation revealed that it prevented potassium ions
from passing freely through the channels in the membrane of nerve cells in the
brain. The short-sleeping flies, however, did not live as long as normal flies.

'Humans have the same kind of genes and potassium channels,' Professor Cirelli
said. 'Our hypothesis is that if you don't have potassium channels, you won't
get slow waves. The cell membrane will remain activated, preventing long periods
of deep, non-REM sleep,' she said.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 25, 2015 Saturday

How will pipelines affect you?

BYLINE: Aaron Krause, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 569 words


April 25--GREENWICH -- With pipelines in the planning stages, a law firm
reminded area residents not to rush to sign a right of way and easment agreement
for the lines, which may snake their way under your property.

Attorney Craig Wilson from the Columbus law firm Emens & Wolper told about 50
people recently at South Central Local Schools there are five major potential
pipeline projects in the works.

Wilson, who specializes in natural resources and pipeline issues, spoke about
the pipelines that could affect area residents' land -- The NEXUS Project and
the Utopia project.

The time line for the NEXUS project includes the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission possibly issuing a construction certificate later this year, with
construction to begin in February 2017 and the pipeline in service on Nov. 1 of
that year.

The Utopia project is targeting November 2016 to start construction, with the
pipeline in service in January 2018.

The NEXUS pipeline will cover about 200 miles in Ohio and 50 in Michigan. The
other project is expected to cover about 240 miles of dual 12-inch diameter
piplelines located in the same corridor. Although routes for both pipelines are
subject to change, they may impact Huron and Erie counties, Wilson said.

The attorney said land agents, by law, are allowed to survey land for possible
construction on someone's property. However, they must give at least 48 hours
notice to the landowner before surveying the property.

"We have seen a number of the survey permissions and believe they often do not
cover: The timeframe for which permission is granted, adqueate provisions for
damages and indemnity and reclamation of the property," the law firm's
PowerPoint presentation read, in part.

Wilson said after a survey is completed, the company "goes away for quite a
while." Then, a land agent asks that you sign a right of way and easement for a
pipeline.

"While the land agents are nice, do not sign until you understand the terms,"
Wilson urged. "Do not sign any documents before becoming informed about your
rights."

Wilson said land agents may threaten property owners with eminent domain if they
refuse to sign an easment contract.

"While the companies may have the right of eminent domain, don't feel as if you
need to sign the easement right away," Wilson said.

People who wish to air comments about the NEXUS project can log onto
www.ferc.gov. If you have comments about the Utopia project, call the Public
Utilities Commission of Ohio at 800-686-PUCO (7826) or visit
http://www.puco.ohio.gov.

The attorney said an easement is a right to use your property; not a sale of
your property.

However, "you won't be allowed to use that land in any manner you see fit; there
will be restrictions in the pipeline area," Wilson said. He added those
restrictions will likely last decades, if not forever.

"When you sell the property, the easement will go with the property," he said.
"You continue to pay the taxes on the land subject to the easement."

Wilson said he doesn't expect NEXUS to receive its certificate until mid-late
2016, while UTOPIA doesn't plan to begin construction until late 2016.

"We are confident we will be able to get you significantly more compensation and
landowner 'friendly' terms as we negotiate," Wilson said.

___ (c)2015 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150425-1NW-How-will-pipelines-affect-you-0425-20150425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2015 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 20, 2010 Saturday

India: Happiness key to a healthy heart

LENGTH: 540  words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, Feb. 20 -- Staying happy and positive can help ward off heart
disease, a new study has suggested.The new research showed that people who are
usually happy, enthusiastic and content are less likely to develop heart disease
than those who tend not to be happy.Researchers believe that this study is the
first to show such an independent relationship between positive emotions and
coronary heart disease.Study`s lead author Dr Karina Davidson said that although
this was an observational study, her study did suggest that it might be possible
to help prevent heart disease by enhancing people`s positive emotions.However,
she warned that it would be premature to make clinical recommendations without
clinical trials to investigate the findings further."We desperately need
rigorous clinical trials in this area. If the trials support our findings, then
these results will be incredibly important in describing specifically what
clinicians and/or patients could do to improve health," said Dr Davidson, who is
the Herbert Irving Associate Professor of Medicine & Psychiatry and Director of
the Center for Behavioral Cardiovascular Health at Columbia University Medical
Center (New York, USA).Over a period of ten years, Davidson and her colleagues
followed 1,739 healthy adults (862 men and 877 women) who were participating in
the 1995 Nova Scotia Health Survey.At the start of the study, trained nurses
assessed the participants` risk of heart disease and, with both self-reporting
and clinical assessment, they measured symptoms of depression, hostility,
anxiety and the degree of expression of positive emotions, which is known as
"positive affect".Positive affect is defined as the experience of pleasurable
emotions such as joy, happiness, excitement, enthusiasm and contentment.

These feelings can be transient, but they are usually stable and trait-like,
particularly in adulthood.Positive affect is largely independent of negative
affect, so that someone who is generally a happy, contented person can also be
occasionally anxious, angry or depressed.After taking account of age, sex,
cardiovascular risk factors and negative emotions, the researchers found that,
over the ten-year period, increased positive affect predicted less risk of heart
disease by 22 percent per point on a five-point scale measuring levels of
positive affect expression."Participants with no positive affect were at a 22
percent higher risk of ischaemic heart disease (heart attack or angina) than
those with a little positive affect, who were themselves at 22 percent higher
risk than those with moderate positive affect," Davidson said."We also found
that if someone, who was usually positive, had some depressive symptoms at the
time of the survey, this did not affect their overall lower risk of heart
disease"As far as we know, this is the first prospective study to examine the
relationship between clinically-assessed positive affect and heart disease,"
Davidson added.The study has been published in the Europe`s leading cardiology
journal, the European Heart Journal. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please contact
Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Lifestyle choices tied to male infertility

BYLINE: Erin Ellis, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: CONTEXT; Pg. A32

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Male infertility should be taken as a sign of bigger health problems, says an
international expert.

Dr. Paul Turek, who runs clinics in San Francisco and Los Angeles, says men are
typically reluctant to get medical help, but infertility might get them through
the doctor's office door. Once they arrive, he finds they're less healthy than
the average man for a host of reasons.

"Stress can affect your heart, it can affect your sex drive, it can affect your
erection. But men aren't going to go in if it affects their heart because they
don't feel it. They're going to go in if they don't have good erections or a
good sex drive," he said Friday in an telephone interview from San Francisco.
"We're learning that men with low sperm count are just plain unhealthier than
men with normal sperm counts, and men with infertility tend to die sooner."

Some of the reasons behind this are factors men can change.

"The influence of lifestyle choices is becoming more apparent as a cause of
infertility. We published on hot tubs (lowering sperm count through excessive
heat), but certainly steroids - use or abuse - medications, social drug use and
lots of other things can affect fertility and, over time, affect health." Low or
no sperm count has been linked to higher risk of prostate cancer in a number of
studies, including work from Turek's clinic. The exact reason behind this
connection is unknown.

Even mechanical causes of infertility - not being able to have an erection, for
instance - are linked to cardiac illness.

"We've known for 10 years now that if you have organic problems with an erection
in your 40s, your risk of heart disease and heart attack is twice as high as a
guy who doesn't have that problem. The risk is the same as if you were a smoker
or someone in your family has a history of heart disease."

Sperm counts can be a biomarker of health, Turek says, and a factor men should
consider in trying to improve their overall well-being.

Known causes of low sperm count are smoking, excessive alcohol, being
overweight, use of steroids and recreational drugs and overheating the
testicles. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Lifestyle choices tied to male infertility

BYLINE: ERIN ELLIS, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: CONTEXT; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Male infertility should be taken as a sign of bigger health problems, says an
international expert.

Dr. Paul Turek, who runs clinics in San Francisco and Los Angeles, says men are
typically reluctant to get medical help, but infertility might get them through
the doctor's office door. Once they arrive, he finds they're less healthy than
the average man for a host of reasons.

"Stress can affect your heart, it can affect your sex drive, it can affect your
erection. But men aren't going to go in if it affects their heart because they
don't feel it. They're going to go in if they don't have good erections or a
good sex drive," he said Friday in an telephone interview from San Francisco.
"We're learning that men with low sperm count are just plain unhealthier than
men with normal sperm counts, and men with infertility tend to die sooner."

Some of the reasons behind this are factors men can change.

"The influence of lifestyle choices is becoming more apparent as a cause of
infertility. We published on hot tubs (lowering sperm count through excessive
heat), but certainly steroids - use or abuse - medications, social drug use and
lots of other things can affect fertility and, over time, affect health." Low or
no sperm count has been linked to higher risk of prostate cancer in a number of
studies, including work from Turek's clinic. The exact reason behind this
connection is unknown.

Even mechanical causes of infertility - not being able to have an erection, for
instance - are linked to cardiac illness.

"We've known for 10 years now that if you have organic problems with an erection
in your 40s, your risk of heart disease and heart attack is twice as high as a
guy who doesn't have that problem. The risk is the same as if you were a smoker
or someone in your family has a history of heart disease."

Sperm counts can be a biomarker of health, Turek says, and a factor men should
consider in trying to improve their overall well-being.

Known causes of low sperm count are smoking, excessive alcohol, being
overweight, use of steroids and recreational drugs and overheating the
testicles. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Montreal Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Male infertility can be sign of serious health problems; U.S. expert cites
cardiac illness, prostate cancer and earlier death

BYLINE: Erin Ellis, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Male infertility should be taken as a sign of bigger health problems, says an
international expert.

Dr. Paul Turek, who runs clinics in San Francisco and Los Angeles, says men are
typically reluctant to get medical help but infertility might get them through
the doctor's office door. Once they arrive, he finds they're less healthy than
the average man for a host of reasons.

"Stress can affect your heart, it can affect your sex drive, it can affect your
erection. But men aren't going to go in if it affects their heart because they
don't feel it. They're going to go in if they don't have good erections or a
good sex drive," Turek said Friday in an telephone interview from San Francisco.
"We're learning that men with low sperm count are just plain unhealthier than
men with normal sperm counts and men with infertility tend to die sooner."

Some of the reasons behind this are factors men can change.

"The influence of lifestyle choices is becoming more apparent as a cause of
infertility. We published on hot tubs (lowering sperm count through excessive
heat), but certainly steroids - use or abuse - medications, social drug use and
lots of other things can affect fertility and, over time, affect health."

Low or no sperm count has been linked to higher risk of prostate cancer in a
number of studies, including work from Turek's clinic. The exact reason behind
this connection is unknown. Even mechanical causes of infertility - not being
able to have an erection, for instance - are linked to cardiac illness.

"We've known for 10 years now that if you have organic problems with an erection
in your 40s, your risk of heart disease and heart attack is twice as high as a
guy who doesn't have that problem," he said.

"The risk is the same as if you were a smoker or someone in your family has a
history of heart disease." Sperm counts can be a biomarker of health, Turek
says, and a factor men should consider in trying to improve their overall
well-being.

Known causes of low sperm count are smoking, excessive alcohol, being
overweight, use of steroids and recreational drugs and overheating the
testicles. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Dr. Paul Turek;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Realty Executives Chapter 11 filing won't affect local agents

BYLINE: Joyce Lobeck, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 262 words


May 10--It's business as usual for local agents affiliated with Realty
Executives Phoenix, which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy a week ago.

"It does not affect Yuma agents in any way," said Carol Engler, a Yuma-area
Realtor who recently celebrated her 30th year with Realty Executives.

That goes for agents and their clients.

"This is a Phoenix business strategic move," Engler said.

Engler said she doesn't see the Chapter 11 filing affecting her business or that
of other local agents with Realty Executives.

"It's business as usual. We're busy in Yuma. Our clients' funds are safe.
Everything is in trust accounts and they're safe."

Engler's office is one of 20 satellite Realty Executives offices in Yuma with a
total of 56 local agents.

Phoenix-based brokerage Realty Executives Inc. filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
reorganization to help the company streamline its overhead expenses for its
offices in the metro Phoenix area and Tucson, explained spokeswoman Andrea
Kalmanovitz. The brokerage has been renegotiating its leases on several offices
in Phoenix and Tucson that had been negotiated at the height of the real estate
market and no longer were in line with current market conditions.

Joyce Lobeck can be reached at jlobeck@yumasun.com or 539-6853.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110510-YZ-Realty-Executives-Chapter-11-filing-won-t-affect
-local-agents-0510-20110510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2011 The Sun


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             August 14, 2016 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Pictures can be worth more than a thousand words to voters

BYLINE:  Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 510 words


A mishmash of voices and music blaring from video screens compete for attention
inside a new art exhibit in Ohio that looks at the images and sounds of
presidential campaign television ads.

In another show near New York City that explores how photos affect voters,
snapshots of John Kennedy greeting supporters are mixed with selfies of
candidates with celebrities and "regular people."

Whether the images are from grainy black-and-white videos or colorful Instagram
posts, there's no question they've all affected the way Americans choose who
lives in the White House.

The election year exhibit at the Toledo Museum of Art provides a glimpse into
how campaigns use ads to sway opinions and capture votes through four emotions:
hope, pride, fear and anger.

"This is about lifting the veil on the persuasive techniques that politicians
use to influence you," said Harriett Levin Balkind, a co-curator of the show.

And those tricks and techniques are done with our emotions in mind, she said.

That's because researchers have found voters tend to make choices based on
feelings more than the issues, said Balkind, founder of HonestAds, a New York
City nonpartisan group that deciphers political ads.

The exhibit, called "I Approve This Message," features miniature theaters
showing the evolution of presidential ads on television, beginning with the
first commercials in 1952 up through the 2012 election.

The clips include Dwight Eisenhower's cartoonish "I Like Ike" commercial from
1952, President Ronald Reagan's uplifting "Morning in America" in 1984 and
President Lyndon B. Johnson's "Daisy Girl" from 1964 that warns of nuclear
holocaust.

The LBJ ad, in which a girl's innocent counting of daisy petals morphs into a
countdown to a nuclear explosion, aired just once as a paid ad, but was shown
many more times in news reports. "I think of that as the first viral ad,"
Balkind said.

There are some obscure ads featured, too. One shows Jacqueline Kennedy speaking
in Spanish during her husband's 1960 campaign.

What stands out is how themes are often repeated - Eisenhower was the "The Man
from Abilene" in 1956; Bill Clinton "The Man from Hope" in 1992.

Organizers of the exhibit - open now through Election Day on Nov. 8 - made sure
each exhibit features an equal number of commercials from both parties, said
Adam Levine, the Toledo museum's associate director who's also the show's
co-curator.

"This is not an exhibition about politics," he said. "It's about voters."

The exhibit on presidential images by the International Center of Photography in
Southampton, N.Y., comes at a moment as technologically historic as Johanness
Gutenberg's invention of the printing press in the 1400s, said Mark Lubell, the
center's executive director.

Part of the exhibit, "Winning The White House: From Press Prints to Selfies,"
shows examples of how a new form of communication can influence society, in this
case choosing a president, Lubell said.

"The world was a much different place before the printing press than after and I
think we are now living through that same moment," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE - In this September 13, 1988 file photo, Democratic Presidential
candidate Michael Dukakis gets a ride in one of General Dynamics' new M1-A-1
battle tanks at the company in Sterling Heights, Mi. This photo will be included
in the International Center of Photography's show in Long Island, New York,
exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F. Kennedy to Barack
Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/Michael E. Samojeden, File)  FILE - In this
July 27, 2016 file photo, Jennifer Pitta shows off a tattoo of Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump during a campaign rally at Lackawanna
College, in Scranton, Pa. This photo will be included in the International
Center of Photography's show in Long Island, New York, exploring how photos
affect voters, from snapshots of John F. Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope"
poster. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci, file)  FILE - In this June 3, 1992 file photo,
Bill Clinton, plays the saxophone during a campaign stop on "The Arsenio Hall
Show" in Los Angeles as host Arsenio Hall stands by. This photo will be included
in the International Center of Photography's show in Long Island, New York,
exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F. Kennedy to Barack
Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/Reed Saxon, File)  In this July 28, 2016 photo,
a visitor looks at an exhibit on political campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in
Toledo, Ohio. The exhibit, which runs through Election Day, looks at how
campaigns use emotions such as hope and fear to influence voters through
advertising. (AP Photo/John Seewer)  In this July 28, 2016 photo, visitors view
an exhibit on political campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in Toledo, Ohio. The
exhibit, which runs through Election Day, looks at how campaigns use emotions
such as hope and fear to influence voters through advertising. (AP Photo/John
Seewer)  In this July 28, 2016 photo, a sign explains an exhibit on political
campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in Toledo, Ohio. The exhibit, which runs
through Election Day, looks at how campaigns use emotions such as hope and fear
to influence voters through advertising. (AP Photo/John Seewer)  In this
Wednesday, July 13, 2016 photo, Adam Levine and Harriett Levin Balkind,
co-curators of an art exhibit on political campaign ads, pose in front of a
video screen at the Toledo Museum of Art in Toledo, Ohio. The show looks at how
campaigns use emotions such as hope and fear to influence voters through
advertising. (AP Photo/John Seewer)  In this July 28, 2016 photo, visitors view
an exhibit on political campaign ads at the Toledo Museum in Toledo, Ohio. The
exhibit, which runs through Election Day, looks at how campaigns use emotions
such as hope and fear to influence voters through advertising. (AP Photo/John
Seewer)  FILE - In this Oct. 16, 1992 file photo Ross Perot is shown on a screen
in a paid 30-minute television commercial, during a media preview in Dallas. The
image will be included in the International Center of Photography's exhibit in
Long Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters. (AP Photo, File)
FILE - Aug. 1, 1972 fie photo, following a three-hour long closed meeting in
Washington,, Sen. Thomas Eagleton, left, and Sen. George McGovern, right, head
in different directions, after McGovern announced that Eagleton was stepping
down as his vice presidential running mate. Two new photo exhibits running until
Election Day show how images and video sway opinions and capture votes. This
photo will be included in the International Center of Photography's show in Long
Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F.
Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo, File)  FILE - In this July
28, 2016 file photo, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton and her
running mate Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va.,
celebrate in a sea of falling balloons during the final day of the Democratic
National Convention in Philadelphia. Two new photo exhibits running until
Election Day show how images and video sway opinions and capture votes. This
photo will be included in the International Center of Photography's show in Long
Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of John F.
Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)
FILE - In this July 20, 2016 file photo, Republican presidential candidate
Donald Trump, points toward Republican vice presidential candidate Indiana Gov.
Mike Pence after Pence's acceptance speech during the third day session of the
Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Two new photo exhibits running
until Election Day show how images and video sway opinions and capture votes.
This photo will be included in the International Center of Photography's show in
Long Island, New York, exploring how photos affect voters, from snapshots of
John F. Kennedy to Barack Obama's "Hope" poster. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 11, 2016 Sunday

Spokesman: Layoffs will not affect Cheshire Medical

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


Sept. 11--Pending layoffs announced by Dartmouth-Hitchcock on Friday that will
affect at least 270 employees, and as many as 460, will not include workers at
the affiliated organizations of Cheshire Medical Center in Keene, New London
Hospital, Mt. Ascutney Hospital and Health Center, Alice Peck Day Memorial
Hospital, and Visiting Nurse and Hospice for Vermont and New Hampshire, a
Dartmouth-Hitchcock spokesman told The Valley News of Lebanon Saturday.

That point was unclear in a story that ran in The Sentinel on Saturday, based on
an email sent out on Friday afternoon by Dartmouth-Hitchcock Chief Executive
Officer James Weinstein to Dartmouth-Hitchcock staff. Information in the email
noted then only that details of the layoff plans were to be spelled out by
mid-October.

The layoffs will result in a workforce reduction of 3 percent to 5 percent,
according to Weinstein.

A story in the Concord Monitor on Saturday reported Executive Councilors and top
state officials saying they had no knowledge Dartmouth-Hitchcock planned to lay
off hundreds of employees when they approved a $36.5 million contract with the
provider this past week to staff New Hampshire Hospital.

"I am floored," Executive Councilor Chris Sununu, a Newfields Republican who is
running for governor, told The Monitor. "I am wondering whether they were
waiting to seal the deal with the contract before they announced this because it
would have put that contract at risk."

What remains unclear still is whether the cutbacks will reach the state-run
psychiatric hospital in Concord, where Dartmouth-Hitchcock employs roughly two
dozen psychiatrists, advanced nurses and administrators to care for patients
with severe mental illness.

According to Dartmouth-Hitchcock spokesman Rick Adams, the organization has yet
to identify "specific areas" for the "reduction in force."

The Executive Council voted unanimously Wednesday to award Dartmouth-Hitchcock a
three-year contract providing psychiatrists at New Hampshire Hospital, after it
delayed the decision over staffing concerns and a labor dispute that forced
nearly a dozen medical workers out the door.

The state had no prior notice of the impending layoffs, according to Health and
Human Services Commissioner Jeffrey Meyers, who learned about the cutbacks
Friday.

Dartmouth-Hitchcock announced the layoffs Friday in a memo sent to staff.
Weinstein said after closing out the last fiscal year with a $12 million
deficit, officials are now trying to identify $100 million in improvements.

Weinstein attributed the loss to the hospital experiencing "unsustainable
increases in expenses," over $115 million more than the previous fiscal year,
The Monitor reported.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160911-KN-Spokesman-Layoffs-will-not-affect
-Cheshire-Medical-0911-20160911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

Railroad takeover fight could affect local yard

BYLINE: Daniel Tyson, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


Dec. 23--Battles in two boardrooms, one in Canada, the other in Virginia, could
directly affect the little town of Elmore in Wyoming County.

Norfolk Southern Corp. board members are fighting a third takeover bid from
Canadian Pacific, which could consolidate many of the railroads' routes, making
some employees, to use a business word, redundant.

Officials with Norfolk Southern would not comment on potential layoffs or other
issues this week, beyond what the company's press releases state.

This isn't the first time layoffs or closing speculation had been floated
around. In September, Norfolk Southern said the Elmore rail yard would stay open
"for now."

The company's spokesman, Dave Pidgeon, said the Norfolk, Va-based company "from
time to time" looked at travel plans and rerouting trains and that the rail
line's plans would leave the Wyoming County facility open.

"They remain open and employment levels are to remain about the same," he said
in late September.

But then in mid-November, Canadian Pacific launched its third takeover bid for
Norfolk Southern. This time the offer was $27 billion, according to company
press releases and publications covering the industry.

"Norfolk Southern has repeatedly repudiated the offer, largely out of concern
that regulators would not approve a deal," The New York Times reported earlier
this week.

Norfolk Southern has issued a flurry of press releases and statements against
the merger since news of the possible takeover leaked.

"After thorough consideration, Norfolk Southern's board unanimously concluded
that the proposal continued to be grossly inadequate, creates substantial
regulatory risks and uncertainties that are highly unlikely to be overcome, and
is not in the best interest of the company and its shareholders," according to a
Dec. 15 Norfolk Southern press release.

The release came a day after Norfolk Southern's board rejected a revised bid of
a reduced proposal from Canadian Pacific to acquire the company for $32.86 in
cash per stock share. That was the same offer it made in May, according to
Railway Age magazine.

According to the Norfolk Southern's website, the railway and its subsidiary
operates approximately 20,000 route miles in 22 states and the District of
Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States and
provides efficient connections to other rail carriers.

-- Email: dtyson@register-herald.com

___ (c)2015 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151223-WZ-Railroad-takeover-fight-could-affect
-local-yard-1223-20151223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Register-Herald


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

Crown management change could affect NCHSAA regional future

BYLINE: Earl Vaughan Jr., The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 328 words


Sept. 25--The pending move of putting operation of the Crown Center complex into
the hands of a private management company could affect the relationship with the
N.C. High School Athletic Association and its Eastern Regional basketball
tournament.

The Crown is entering the fourth and final year of a contract to host the
tournament next March. Global Spectrum, a Philadelphia-based company, is
awaiting final approval of a contract to take over management of the complex.

Davis Whitfield, commissioner of the NCHSAA, was in Fayetteville earlier this
week for the Region 4 meeting of the association staff with area school
officials.

Whitfield said the NCHSAA has been pleased with the job Fayetteville has done
hosting the regional for the past three years and would like to see it continue.

"With the potential new management change, we hope there would continue to be a
conversation topic and continue to be in Fayetteville," Whitfield said.

However, he didn't indicate the tournament was a sure thing to stay here.

"We have to make sure we have options on the table, as well as to make sure our
programs are taken care of," he said.

Leon Mack, student activities director for the Cumberland County Schools, said
he had already had talks with the NCHSAA about the pending management change at
the Crown and the potential it could have for the regional's future in
Fayetteville.

Mack called the combination of the Crown Coliseum and Crown Arena where the
tournament's boys' and girls' games are played unbeatable.

"It's the best venue in the eastern region as far as the two facilities and the
location," he said. "We hope we can keep this relationship going for the Eastern
Regional basketball tournament."

Scholastic sports editor Earl Vaughan Jr. can be reached at
vaughane@fayobserver.com or 486-3519.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130925-FY-Crown-management-change-could-affect
-NCHSAA-regional-future-0925-20130925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Crown management change could affect NCHSAA regional future

BYLINE: Earl Vaughan Jr., The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 327 words


Sept. 24--The pending move of putting operation of the Crown Center complex into
the hands of a private management company could affect the relationship with the
N.C. High School Athletic Association and its Eastern Regional basketball
tournament.

The Crown is entering the fourth and final year of a contract to host the
tournament next March. Global Spectrum, a Philadelphia-based company, is
awaiting final approval of a contract to take over management of the complex.

Davis Whitfield, commissioner of the NCHSAA, was in Fayetteville earlier this
week for the Region 4 meeting of the association staff with area school
officials.

Whitfield said the NCHSAA has been pleased with the job Fayetteville has done
hosting the regional for the past three years and would like to see it continue.

"With the potential new management change, we hope there would continue to be a
conversation topic and continue to be in Fayetteville," Whitfield said.

However, he didn't indicate the tournament was a sure thing to stay here.

"We have to make sure we have options on the table, as well as to make sure our
programs are taken care of," he said.

Leon Mack, student activities director for the Cumberland County Schools, said
he had already had talks with the NCHSAA about the pending management change at
the Crown and the potential it could have the regional's future in Fayetteville.

Mack called the combination of the Crown Coliseum and Crown Arena where the
tournament's boys' and girls' games are played unbeatable.

"It's the best venue in the eastern region as far as the two facilities and the
location," he said. "We hope we can keep this relationship going for the Eastern
Regional basketball tournament."

Scholastic sports editor Earl Vaughan Jr. can be reached at
vaughane@fayobserver.com or 486-3519.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130924-FY-Crown-management-change-could-affect
-NCHSAA-regional-future-0924-20130924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 4, 1997, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SILENCE WON'T MAKE PROBLEM VANISH; IT WILL MAKE IT WORSE;
THE RACE ISSUE

BYLINE: Gregory Freeman

SECTION: METRO, Pg. C1, GREGORY FREEMAN COLUMN

LENGTH: 648 words


Every so often I get a letter from a white reader who urges me not to write
about race.

"You're a good writer, but I get tired of reading about race all the time," said
a letter I got recently.

As regular readers know, I don't write about race - or, more specifically,
racism - all the time. But when I do, I almost always irritate some white
readers who would rather not read about it at all.

Still, I write about it because it's a part of life. Not just my life, though I
certainly feel the impact of it. It affects all of our lives. It affects where
we live. It affects where we send our kids to school. It affects where we shop
and where we play.

Some of us may not like talking about it. Some of us prefer to think that racism
no longer exists. Some of us would rather see the discussion terminated.

But wanting it to end doesn't make it go away.

So how do we deal with it?

I sat in with a group of a dozen columnists from across the country six months
ago as President Bill Clinton announced a national initiative on race. The
president set up a panel of prominent folks to study the issue, play host to
town hall meetings and make recommendations on how to improve America's racial
climate. The recommendations would be done in a year. The president insisted
that this would be one of his priorities in his second term.

So far, though, it doesn't appear to be a real priority. The first most have
seen of this initiative took place Wednesday in Akron, Ohio. That was the first
town hall meeting.

Perhaps it's been a serious lack of organization on behalf of the panel's part.
Or perhaps it's been the case of a panel on race trying to avoid controversy.

That in itself is a problem. Make no mistake about it: Issues of race are
controversial. Whenever I write about it or talk about it, my mailbox fills up.
It's a topic that many of us are fascinated with. People on all sides of the
issues of race regularly speak up, and they often have a great deal to say.

But the panel has been knocked for not taking up controversial racial issues,
such as California's ban on affirmative action or a proposed apology for
slavery. I admire its chairman, John Hope Franklin, but he was rightly
criticized for saying earlier that he had declined to invite anti-affirmative
action leaders to the table because, he said, they had little to contribute to
the dialogue.

Even supporters of affirmative action should welcome the opponents to the table.
Why? There are so many ideas and thoughts are out there, no one has a monopoly
on good ideas, and compromise on the issue could reduce some of the tensions we
see now.

Dialogue on race is good, and we need much more of it. People need to speak out
more on this topic because there's so much we can learn from one another. At
Wednesday's town hall meeting, a white college student admitted that seeing a
poorly dressed black man on the street makes him "a little bit scared."

A black college student said that a poor white person can put on a nice pair of
clothes and appear to be middle-class. But no matter how well the student
dresses, "I can't change the color of my skin," he said.

Nothing tears this country apart more than race. Resentment, a lack of
understanding by both sides and a lack of desire to understand other points of
view all contribute to the difficulties we have.

The president's panel can do this country a service by listening to the beliefs
of many and looking for some common ground. That common ground ultimately will
bring us closer together.

Meanwhile, Clinton could leave a legacy of improving race relations here. But if
his efforts are to stand a chance for success, the nation will have to see that
he's taking the issue seriously. Not many have faith that the president can do
much about our racial problems. He should view that as a challenge to prove them
wrong.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                                PacWest Bancorp

                            9701, Wilshire Building
                              Beverly Hills 90212
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


PacWest is a bank holding company based in the US. Capital adequacy, strong
financial performance and broad products and services are the major strengths of
the company, even as its limited scale of operations and decline in cash
position remains areas of concern. In future, fluctuations in interest rates,
changing regulations, and intense competitor may affect its business
performance. However, growing economy in the US, positive outlook for cards and
payments industry in the US and strategic acquisition of Square 1 Financial may
offer ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address bank stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. The good capital management enabled
the company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required to
maintain well capitalized status of minimum total risk based capital ratio of
10.5%, and tier-1 capital ratio of 8.5%. PacWest reported total capital adequacy
ratio, and tier 1 capital ratio of 15.65% and 12.6%, respectively during FY2015,
exceeding the regulatory requirements. Prudent capital management of the company
strengthened its capital, which in turn will enable it to withstand periods of
banking stress.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


PacWest exhibited a strong financial performance during FY2015, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The revenue of the company increased by 29.6%,
from US$747 million in FY2014 to US$968.2 million in FY2015. The revenue of the
company increased primarily due to increase in interest income and other
commission and fees. The interest income of the company increased by 25.4%, from
US$704.8 million in FY2014 to US$883.9 million in FY2015. The other commission
and fees increased by 69.3%, from US$18.6 million in FY2014 to US$31.6 million
in FY2015. The company also reported increase in operating income and net income
during FY2015. The operating income of the company increased by 68.9%, from US$
284.3 million in FY2014 to US$480.1 million in FY2015. The net income of the
company increased by 77.4%, from US$168.9 million in FY2014 to US$299.6 million
in FY2015. Such a strong growth in revenue and incomes depicts the financial
stability, and its strong position in the market place. This improved
performance will also help the company to pursue its growth plans aggressively.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps PacWest to serve a wide range of
customers. The company through its subsidiaries offers a range of banking
products and services to its individual and commercial clients. Its product
portfolio includes business deposit accounts, debit cards, individual deposit
accounts, business loans, individual loans and money market accounts. Its
service offerings includes cash management, specialty business deposits,
financial advisory, business financing, equipment financing, line of credit,
treasury management services and commercial and real estate financing services.
Such a wide range of product and service offerings may drive the company's
top-line performance.


WEAKNESSES:


LIMITED SCALE OF OPERATION


Limited scale of operations for company's subsidiary bank compared to
competitors may be a concern for the company. Operations of Pacific Western Bank
is limited as compared to its competitors operating in the US. Companies such as
Comerica Bank and Umpqua Bank had more branches compared to Pacific Western
Bank. With competitors having more branches, the company is at a major
disadvantage. For instance, at the end of FY2015, Comerica Bank and Umpqua Bank
operated through 104 branches and 98 branches, respectively in various states of
the US. Contrary to this, Pacific Western Bank has only 81 branches. Limited
operating scale presence puts the company at a risk as any adverse development
in the political, economic or climatic environment of the region might have an
adverse impact on its business. It also restricts its market share and limits
growth options. Therefore, limited operations compared to its competitors may
put competitive pressure on the company's operations, whilst limiting the
revenue sources for bank.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and due from
banks declined by 2.3%, from US$164.8 million in FY2014 to US$161 million in
FY2015. Decline in cash and equivalents may affect the working capital
requirement of the company, which in turn may affect the company's business
operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.4%. It is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2016. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
financial solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
banking solution provider in the US such as PacWest.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. The company, a provider of debit cards
in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITION OF SQUARE 1 FINANCIAL


The company is focusing on strengthening its existing businesses by acquiring
Square 1 Financial that strategically complement its existing businesses. In,
October 2015, the company acquired Square 1 Financial, Inc, a financial holding
company based in Durham, North Caroline. The acquisition enable the company to
become a stronger bank with a substantially improved core deposit base,
excellent future growth prospects and better positioning for rising interest
rates. The merger has also help the company to offer its lending services to
venture capital banking space, offering an opportunity to increase its client
base. This acquisition would help the company to achieve high inorganic growth
as well as enhance its market position and broaden its product portfolio.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

REGULATORY CHANGES IN THE US


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in the US. The introduction of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act may pose a significant threat for the company's
operations. Under this act, the federal government established Financial
Stability Oversight Council. The council have the authoritative power to break
up large bank's that may pose risk to the financial system due to their large
size and the council also have the authoritative power to liquidate and
restructure bank's which it is financially weak. Such act would significantly
pose threat for the company to operate and acquire new businesses. Thus,
introduction of new government acts may have a negative impact on the company's
growth and expansion strategies.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect PacWest's business and profitability. The company
faces competition from private banks, foreign banks and other financial
institutions. It competes with its competitors based on various factors
including products and services, interest rates, distribution network, price,
quality and brand image. Some of its major competitors include Westamerica Bank,
Comerica Bank, City National Bank, Umpqua Bank and Tri Countries Bank. Such
intense competition may affect the company's market position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 16, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Residential Real Estate;
Ruling Broadens Protection for Renter in a Co-op

BYLINE: By DENNIS HEVESI

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 980 words


In a decision that could affect the status of unsold co-op and condominium
apartments throughout New York State, a housing court judge in Brooklyn has
ruled that a tenant who rented an apartment from a sponsor after a conversion
was entitled to the same protection against eviction as tenants who were living
there at the time of the conversion.

While the ruling's effect is limited for now to the Brooklyn case, some lawyers
are worried that it might set a precedent upsetting a standard assumption of the
co-op and condominium market: that the sponsor can refuse to renew the lease of
a tenant who sublets after a conversion.

The ruling, if upheld, would sharply curtail sponsors' ability to end the
tenancy of such renters, preventing co-ops and condominiums from completing
conversions while forcing sponsors to keep apartments vacant until they are
sold.

"This has the potential of preventing the completion of literally thousands of
conversions," said Jim Samson, a lawyer representing about 90 co-op boards in
the city. "It would create major economic turmoil in the co-op community."

Stuart Saft, chairman of the Council of New York Cooperatives, concurred. "This
case affects every unsold apartment in the city," he said. "It immediately
affects all the apartments which the sponsor rented after the conversion, and it
will affect every apartment that presently has a rent-regulated tenant as those
tenants vacate their apartments.

"When they leave," Mr. Saft said, "the sponsor has to decide whether to sell or
deal with giving a new tenant the right to stay forever."

According to Martin Oestreicher, deputy commissioner of the city's Department of
Finance, there are at least 420,000 co-op and condominium units in the city, of
which about 100,000 are now held by sponsors.

The ruling, in Paikoff v. Harris, was handed down by Judge Marc Finkelstein of
Civil Court on Aug. 31. It involved a six-unit co-op, sponsored by Barry
Paikoff, at 534 Sixth Avenue in Park Slope.

The tenant, Emil Harris, rented a sponsor-held apartment five years after the
1992 conversion. When the lease expired, Mr. Paikoff started eviction
proceedings. But Mr. Harris refused to leave, claiming that he should be
considered a "nonpurchasing tenant" under the Martin Act, the state law
governing the rights of co-op and condominium tenants. Rent control and rent
stabilization are governed by other regulations.

Essentially, tenants protected by the Martin Act cannot be evicted except for
good cause, like failing to pay rent, and cannot be subjected to "unconscionable
rent increases." The act allows rent-regulated tenants already in the building
to retain that status, but does not spell out rent formulas.

Before Judge Finkelstein's decision, it was assumed that only tenants already
occupying an apartment during a conversion were protected. People renting after
conversion -- either from a tenant-shareholder or a "holder of unsold shares,"
like the sponsor -- were considered unprotected.

But the judge ruled that the Martin Act applies to any tenant renting from
someone other than a "purchaser under the plan." He also ruled that while
tenant-shareholders are indeed purchasers under the plan, a holder of unsold
shares, like the sponsor, is not -- contrary to a long-held industry assumption
that had never been tested in court.

"If the Legislature intended that a holder of unsold shares should be considered
a purchaser under the plan," Judge Finkelstein wrote, "the legislation should
have contained a provision to that effect."

He also quoted a submission from the State Attorney General's office, which
contended that a sponsor is not a purchaser under the plan, and, therefore, "a
tenant who rents a vacant unit after the plan's effective date from a sponsor or
holder of unsold shares is a nonpurchasing tenant," protected by the Martin Act.
On that basis, Judge Finkelstein denied the eviction.

No decision on whether to appeal had been made, said Rand Levin, the sponsor's
lawyer. "My view," he said, "is that there is a wealth of legislative history
suggesting that the intent of the statute was only to protect tenants in
possession at the time of a conversion."

Mr. Harris's lawyer, Ronald Languedoc of Brooklyn Legal Services, called the
ruling well reasoned and "clearly reflecting the language of the statute." Mr.
Harris, asked if he was aware that his case could set a precedent, said: "I'm
very proud of that. Maybe it will give people in my situation a means of
stability."

But real estate lawyers said they were concerned.

"Assuming that it's affirmed on appeal, and that's questionable," Mr. Saft said,
"it means the sponsor may not be able to sell the apartment in the future
because the tenant can't be evicted. From the co-op's point of view, it's good
news and bad news. The good news is that it's more likely now that sponsors will
sell apartments that become vacant. The bad news is that every tenant who rented
after the conversion may have the right to remain permanently."

Mr. Samson, the co-op board lawyer, said he feared that the ruling would give
sponsors an excuse to hold on to their apartments and continue collecting
free-market rents.

"While it will scare most sponsors so they won't rent," Mr. Samson said, "there
is also a group of sponsors who converted buildings with no intention of selling
all the units. They simply sold the minimum and are holding the rest for the
sole purpose of avoiding rent regulation and renting them out at free-market
rents."

Likening those sponsors to Br'er Rabbit manipulatively pleading, "Please don't
throw me in the briar patch," Mr. Samson said those sponsors, in truth, "don't
want to sell."

"If they are told they can't evict," he said, "then they are protected from
having to sell, and they are able to keep charging extraordinarily high and
unregulated rents."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Emil Harris, left, whose tenant protection was upheld in a
rented apartment in a co-op building in Brooklyn. From left were a daughter,
Christine; a son, Jon Paul; a daughter, Emilyann, and his wife, Elizabeth,
seated. (Dith Pran/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Borland decision could affect youth football

BYLINE: Chuck Rupnow, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


March 19--The early retirement of professional football player Chris Borland, a
standout at UW-Madison, because of concerns about head trauma, could affect
football participation at the youngest levels.

"It certainly will have an impact on youth football," Ken Van Es, executive
director of the Eau Claire YMCA, said Wednesday. "It will impact football all
the way down the line.

"Borland's decision may be getting greater play and have more of an impact in
Wisconsin because he played for the Badgers," Van Es said. "The publicity of his
incident will just heighten the concussion issue."

Borland, 24, unexpectedly announced Monday that he was retiring as a linebacker
for the San Francisco 49ers after one season. He said he feared development of
brain disease as the major factor in his decision.

"I just honestly want to do what's best for my health," Borland, a third-round
pick by the 49ers, said. "From what I've researched and what I've experienced, I
don't think it's worth the risk."

Borland said he didn't want to wait for symptoms of head injuries before
deciding to leave the game, saying he wanted to be proactive.

"I just want to live a long, healthy life, and I don't want to have any
neurological diseases or die younger than I would otherwise," he said in
announcing his retirement, adding that he believes he suffered a concussion in
training camp but kept playing so he would not get cut.

Team officials respected Borland's decision, saying he'd given it plenty of
thought.

Van Es said the dangers of head injuries at the youth level are not as high as
they are in the professional and major college levels because of the major
differences in speed and size of the players.

UW-Eau Claire football coach Todd Glaser said concussions have been a major
focal point for many years, regardless of the playing level.

"Everybody's getting educated on it and what Borland did brings more light to it
again," Glaser said Wednesday. "I don't think what he did will have a
significant impact on the college players because we are all pretty safety
conscious already."

Referring to Borland's decision, Glaser added: "Sometimes, even though you want
to do something that you love, you have to leave it."

Rupnow can be reached at 715-830-5831 and chuck.rupnow@ecpc.com

___ (c)2015 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150319-EW-Borland-decision-could-affect-youth-football-0319-20150319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2015 The Leader-Telegram


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Low sperm count a marker for other medical risks; It's linked to heart disease,
prostate cancer, expert says

BYLINE: Erin Ellis, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOST NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 523 words


Male infertility should be taken as a sign of larger underlying health problems,
says an international expert who will speak in Vancouver Saturday at a
conference for fertility specialists.

Dr. Paul Turek, who runs clinics in San Francisco and Los Angeles, says men are
typically reluctant to get medical help, but infertility might get them through
the door of a doctor's office. Once they arrive, he finds they're less healthy
than the average man for a host of reasons.

"Stress can affect your heart, it can affect your sex drive, it can affect your
erection. But men aren't going to go in (to a doctor's office) if it affects
their heart because they don't feel it. They're going to go in if they don't
have good erections or a good sex drive," he said Friday in an telephone
interview from San Francisco.

"We're learning that men with low sperm counts are just plain unhealthier than
men with normal sperm counts and men with infertility tend to die sooner." Some
of the reasons behind this are factors men can change. "The influence of
lifestyle choices is becoming more apparent as a cause of infertility. We
published on hot tubs (lowering sperm count through excessive heat), but
certainly steroids - use or abuse - medications, social drug use and lots of
other things can affect fertility and, over time, affect health."

Low or no sperm count has been linked to higher risk of prostate cancer in a
number of studies, including work from Turek's clinic. The exact reason behind
this connection is unknown.

Even mechanical causes of infertility - not being able to have an erection, for
instance - are linked to cardiac illness.

"We've known for 10 years now that if you have organic problems with an erection
in your 40s, your risk of heart disease and heart attack is twice as high as a
guy who doesn't have that problem. The risk is the same as if you were a smoker
or someone in your family has a history of heart disease."

Sperm counts can be a biomarker of health, Turek says, and a factor men should
consider in trying to improve their overall well-being. Known causes of male
infertility are smoking, excessive alcohol, being overweight, use of steroids
and recreational drugs and overheating the testicles.

Turek has also developed a procedure for men with low or no sperm count called
sperm mapping. It's a 45-minute procedure in which up to 36 fine biopsy needles
are inserted into the testes to collect tissue samples and determine whether
there are hidden pockets of healthy sperm that could be used for in vitro
fertilization.

Turek is speaking Saturday to 300 health care providers at the Integrative
Fertility Symposium, which runs until Sunday at the Downtown Campus of Simon
Fraser University in Harbour Centre, 515 West Hastings.

A free public talk on fertility will be held from 3-5 p.m. on Sunday with
Vancouver naturopathic doctor Kali MacIsaac; traditional Chinese medicine
practitioner Lorne Brown; and obstetrician-gynecologist Dr. Jason Hitkari. For
details go to ifsymposium. com/talk/acubalanceevent-public-your-pathpregnancy.

eellis@vancouversun.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chris Furlong, Getty Images Files; Known causes of male infertility
include excessive drinking, smoking, being overweight and drug use.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 19, 1995, Monday, FINAL EDITION

RATING THE PHILLIES-ORIOLES TRADE

BYLINE: Rod Beaton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 352 words


PHILLIES GET ... -- ANDY VAN SLYKE, OF
Age: 34.
Bats/throws: Left/right.
Major leagues: 13th year, 1,595 games, .275 avg., five gold gloves.
Best season: 1988, .288 with 25 HRs, 100 RBI in 154 games with Pittsburgh.
-- HOW IT AFFECTS PHILLIES: The Phillies realize CF Lenny Dykstra might require
back surgery and could be lost for the season. Getting Van Slyke provides
NL-exprienced protection. Van Slyke is reunited with Phillies GM Lee Thomas, who
was farm director in St. Louis when Van Slyke broke in.

ORIOLES GET ... -- GENE HARRIS, P
Age: 30.
Bats/throws: Right.
Major leagues: 7th year, 180 games, 12-18, 4.71 ERA, 26 saves.
Best season: 1993, 6-6 with 3.03 ERA and 23 saves in 59 games with San Diego.
-- HOW IT AFFECTS ORIOLES: The much-anticipated arrival and success of speedy
rookie Curtis Goodwin, 22, makes Van Slyke, 34, expendable. Harris, 30, joins a
Baltimore bullpen that has been has been erratic. Harris (2-2, 4.26) is no
solution.

RATING THE CUBS-CARDINALS TRADE

CUBS GET ... -- TODD ZEILE, 3B-1B
Age: 29.
Bats/throws: Right.
Major leagues: 7th year, 757 games, .267 avg., 75 HR, 394 RBI.
Best season: 1993, hit .277 with 17 HRs, 103 RBI in 157 games with Cards.
-- HOW IT AFFECTS CUBS: They sought another RBI bat to join RF Sammy Sosa and 1B
Mark Grace to fortify the middle of the lineup. Zeile, 29, will bat fifth. He is
a RH power hitter who should thrive in Wrigley Field.
-- HOW IT AFFECTS CARDINALS: They were irritated about their salary arbitration
battle with Zeile and given the attrition in their rotation, desperate for a
starting pitcher.

CARDINALS GET ... -- MIKE MORGAN, P
Age: 35.
Bats/throws: Right.
Major leagues: 15th year, 349 games, 97-138 record with 3.98 ERA.
Best season: 1992, 16-8 with 2.55 ERA in 34 games with the Cubs. -- PAUL TORRES,
IF-OF
Age: 24.
Bats/throws: Right.
Major leagues: None.
Last season: hit .238 with 10 HRs, 26 RBI, at Class AA Orlando (Fla.). --
FRANCISCO MORALES, C
Age: 22.
Bats/throws: Right.
Major leagues: None.
Last season: hit .207 with 2 HRs, 10 RBI at Class AA Orlando (Fla.).

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

Shutdown of BAE Bradley line could affect hundreds of York County jobs

BYLINE: Sean Adkins, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words


July 12--YORK, Pa. -- York County could lose hundreds of skilled labor jobs as
early as next year.

Starting in 2014, the U.S. Army's funding plan calls for a halt in the
production of Bradley Fighting Vehicles for at least three years -- a troubling
strategy for both BAE Systems in West Manchester Township and the company's
suppliers.

The local defense contractor stands as one of the nation's main manufactures of
the vehicles.

The shutdown of the Bradley line could lead to the loss of roughly 7,000 jobs
across 44 states and Washington, D.C. and adversely affect the income of more
than 500 BAE suppliers, said Randy Coble, a BAE spokesman.

While no studies show how many jobs might be lost locally, hundreds of positions
are expected to be cut, Michael Smeltzer, executive director of the
Manufacturers' Association of South Central Pennsylvania.

A handful of BAE's suppliers and local officials gathered Thursday morning at
Tucker Industrial Liquid Coatings in East Berlin to discuss the potential impact
of the impending shut down.

Tucker Industrial has covered BAE equipment with chemical agent resistant
coatings for nearly 20 years, said Bernie Tucker, president and owner of the
company.

In recent years, the company has expanded its commercial and industrial accounts
so that when the Bradley shutdown does take place, Tucker Industrial will not
have to cut any of its 35 workers, Tucker said.

The same can't be said for Military & Commercial Fasteners Corp. in Manchester
Township. For more than three decades, the company has built a strong
partnership with BAE.

In the past three years, the company has delivered 23 million parts to the
defense contractor, said Craig Siewert, president the corporation.

"That's a lot of fasteners," he said. "BAE is one of our top five accounts."

Next year, based on the ripple effects caused by the shutdown of the Bradley
line, Siewert said he anticipates having to cut between 12 to 15 workers from
his staff of 72.

The company will try to find positions for those workers on its commercial
accounts or at other firms, he said.

While many BAE suppliers will likely spend the next several months drafting
plans on how to navigate the shutdown, the contractor is already working on a
proposal.

BAE is working with the U.S. Army on a plan that would reprogram already
allocated funds to pay for the proposed conversion of some Bradley vehicles from
cavalry to infantry use, Coble said.

If approved, the effects of the shut down could be delayed until 2015.

A federal study found that roughly $750 million in taxpayer funds would need to
be spent for training and other needs to help get the Bradley line up and
running after a three-year shutdown, said Melvin Nace, director of operations at
BAE.

BAE may make cuts to its roughly 1,200 employee workforce should the shutdown
take place, he said.

"To train an armor-capable welder takes six months to two years," Nace said.

Statement from Perry

U.S. Rep. Scott Perry, R-York County issued this statement Thursday concerning
BAE Systems and the shutdown of the Bradley line:

"The employees of BAE systems and its partner companies get our sincere thanks
for everything they've done to benefit our warfighters. At a time when our
nation is nearly $17 trillion in debt, it's important that the department of
defense drives the national security discussion and determines the equipment
necessary to complete its mission.

I would argue that a healthy Bradley Industrial Base is an essential component
of that overall national security strategy. Congress has given the Department of
the Army the opportunity to devise a long-term plan to keep the industrial base
healthy, but the Army is over two months late in delivering that plan.

While I can't advocate spending taxpayer money solely because something benefits
our congressional district, maintaining a healthy industrial base is key to our
overall national security strategy and a strong national defense. I will work to
support that goal."

___ (c)2013 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130712-YO-Shutdown-of-BAE-Bradley-line-could-affect
-hundreds-of-York-County-jobs-20130712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2013 York Daily Record


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Closing of Winston club won't affect Wilmington Ziggy's, owner says

BYLINE: John Staton, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Feb. 12--WILMINGTON -- Ziggy's by the Sea will stay open despite the closing of
the Wilmington music venue's parent club in Winston-Salem, according to one of
its owners.

"Wilmington's going great," said Charles Womack, president of Ziggy's Winston
Inc., which owns both clubs. "We've got a new lease signed and put in place for
another five years."

In November, the Winston-Salem Journal published a story confirming that Ziggy's
in Winston will close at the end of February. Except for a four-year span from
2007 to 2011, the music venue has existed in Winston-Salem for more than 30
years.

Womack said the closing of the Winston-Salem Ziggy's shouldn't affect the kinds
of bands the Wilmington club gets. When Ziggy's by the Sea opened in July 2013,
Womack and minority owner Jay Stephens said they envisioned bands regularly
playing both clubs on back-to-back dates.

That didn't happen as often as planned, Womack said, adding that if bands "had
one North Carolina date, and they had to choose between Winston and Wilmington,
they tended to choose Wilmington."

Since opening at its 208 Market St. location, Ziggy's by the Sea has a brought a
steady stream of nationally known rock, reggae and country bands to Wilmington.
Acts including Soul Asylum, Matisyahu and actor Billy Bob Thornton's band, The
Boxmasters, have played the space, which holds 746, as have numerous local and
regional groups. Upcoming shows are booked through April, including a concert
with Grammy-winning singer CeeLo Green scheduled for March 18.

Womack said the lease for Ziggy's in Winston-Salem was not renewed because rent
was paid late more than once but that the closing "had nothing to do with slow
businesses in Winston."

"We offered to pay the rent a year in advance," Womack said, but the building's
landlords turned him down. "They had other plans for that space."

Womack, who is based in Greensboro, is the publisher of weekly Triad paper Yes!
Weekly and several other publications.

Stephens is the longtime face of Ziggy's and originally purchased the club in
1991. Stephens is currently hospitalized as he battles cancer, Womack said, and
booking duties for Ziggy's By the Sea are being handled by the More Music Group
of Virginia Beach.

Contact John Staton at 910-343-2343 or John.Staton@StarNewsOnline.com

___ (c)2016 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160212-WG-Closing-of-Winston-club-won-t-affect
-Wilmington-Ziggy-s-owner-says-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2016 Morning Star


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Maternal Diet During Pregnancy Affects Future Generations: Lessons
from the Dutch Famine

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: Washington


Oregon Health & Science University, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Maternal Diet During Pregnancy Affects Future Generations: Lessons from the
Dutch Famine
When Wednesday, 2/12/2014, 4 - 5pm
Where Doernbecher Vey Auditorium, 3181 SW Sam Jackson Park Rd, Portland, OR
97239
Event Type Lecture/Seminar
Subject Research
Presenter Tessa Roseboom, Ph.D.
Cost 0
Credits FREE
Campus Location Marquam Hill
Contact Person Name Elizabeth Zdunich
Contact Person E-Mail zdunich@ohsu.edu
Contact Person Phone 503 494-3598

More Information

An individual's experience in early life affects their health throughout life
and has an intergenerational impact. If we can understand how maternal diet
affects offspring, we can create strategies to prevent disease in future
generations.

Tessa Roseboom, Ph.D., professor of early development and health, Academic
Medical Centre at the University of Amsterdam, and senior international fellow,
OHSU Bob and Charlee Moore Institute for Nutrition & Wellness, has been the
principal investigator of the Dutch famine birth cohort study since 1998. As
such, she has collected multiple rounds of data from over a thousand
participants and their offspring, resulting in more than seventy papers. Her
research focuses on the fundamental biological processes that underlie
developmental programming. Her work has been covered by National Geographic, BBC
Horizon, Time, The New York Times and Science.

For more information please visit: http://www.ohsu.edu/

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

Pair of bills seek to help prevent, fight wildfires

BYLINE: Mary Mellor Deseret News

LENGTH: 308 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? Utah lawmakers joined state forestry and law enforcement
officials Thursday to tout a pair of bills designed to help prevent and fight
wildfires. "When fires are started on federal lands, these fires affect all
state lands, affect safety, affect people, affect the budget and affect the air
quality of our state," Sen.

Margaret Dayton, R-Orem, said during a news conference Thursday at the Capitol.
"The fire season is not a distant memory, and we are dealing with budget issues
still now that are a result of what happened." Dayton is sponsoring SB62, which
would authorize the governor to use "all water sources as necessary for fire
suppression," and SB120, which would allow the state forester "to restrict or
prohibit target shooting in areas where hazardous conditions exist." State
Forester Dick Buehler said last summer was a "rather intense fire season" in
Utah. There were more than 1,500 wildfires in 2012 that cost $50 million to
suppress, with $16 million coming from state funds. Roughly half of those fires
were human-caused, Buehler said, including 33 that were caused by target
shooting. Buehler also noted the lives lost in fire-related accidents in 2012,
including two pilots killed fighting fires in southwestern Utah. "We have a
great need to ensure that we continue to do necessary prevention and suppression
of fires," he said. Buehler also talked about how federal restrictions on state
management of forests has prevented the Forest Service from adequately
protecting land against wildfires, mentioning the Church Camp and Shingle fires.
"There have been numerous cases where the Forest Service tried to do the right
thing and the feds wouldn't let them do it," he said. "If the Forest Service
could properly maintain the forest, it would be much more healthy and have less
fire potential." ? Mary Mellor

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Public Utility Commission of Texas; SARAH ORTIZ, has
submitted (45601-283 ) STATEMENT OF POSITION

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: Public Utility Commission of Texas has issued the following document:



 Control umber:

 Addendum StartPage

 SOAH docket No. 473-16-2983

 PUC Docket # 45601

 Supplemental Statement of Position for Sarah Ortiz - intervenor in PUC docket
It 45601

 i submit this Supplemental Statement of Position due to new information becom
ng available

 regarding Alternative Route 10M after I submitted my original Statement of
Position.



 I oppose Primary Alternative Routes #1, 3, 4, and 14 in the LCRA Zorn-Marion
345 kV Transmission Line

 _Q

 Project. ^C.^- r-3

 Route #1 (R2-A-Q-D1-N1-B2-T2-N2-02) ^ 70

 Route #3 ( R2-A-E-F-G-T-U-E1-L1-01-Q1-C2-E2-H2-K2) -,.._.,.

 Route #4 (R2-B-C-F-R-D1-M1-O1-Q1-C2-D2)

 e:s r^

 Route #14 (S2-I-M-T-U-E1-L1-01-Q1-C2-D2)

 The reason I oppose these routes is that they cross adjacent or through Avery
Park subdivision. I am a

 homeowner in Avery Park, and would be negatively affected if any of these
routes are chosen. I would

 be most negatively affected if Route #1 was chosen, as that would put the
transmission line running

 directly adjacent to my home. I believe if these unsightly, noisy, and
potentially dangerous transmission

 lines are constructed in Avery Park, it would severely reduce my property
value, would decrease the

 quality of life for the occupants of my home, and potentially be dangerous to
the occupants of my

 home. I believe construction of these lines near or through Avery Park would
negatively affect many

 other homeowners in a similar fashion.

 According to page #24 of LCRA's Application, if primary alternative route #1
were chosen, there would

 be 322 habitable structures within 500 feet of the centerline, all of which
would be negatively affected.

 Route # 3 would negatively affect 214 habitable structures, Route #4 would
negatively affect 144

 habitable structures, and route #14 would affect 187 habitable structures.
There are alternative routes

 that the PUC should consider that affect a much smaller number of habitable
structures, such as route

 10M which would affect only 37 habitable structures, route #10 which affects
only 42 habitable

 structures, route #12 which affects only 54 habitable structures, and route #6
which only affects 46

 habitable structures.

 I request that the PUC not consider routes #1, 3, 4, and 14 for the LCRA
Transmission Line project due to

 the high number of homeowners and habitable structures in Avery Park and other
locations that would

 be adversely affected if these routes were chosen. I recom end that the PUC
consider one of the other

 alternate routes that would negatively affect a much smaller number of
homeowners and habitable

 structures.

 ^ ^^^

 I support Route 10M as the best choice for route due to it affecting the fewest
number of habitable

 structures and costing the least, according to LCRA Transmission Services
Corporation's Response to

 Commission Staffs Second Request for information received by the PUC on April
29, 2016.

 Thank you for your consideration.

 Sincerely,

 Sarah Ortiz

 2



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com br/>

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              June 7, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AMHERST BUILDINGS FETCH $21.6M;
CHANGE IN OWNERSHIP WILL NOT AFFECT JOBS

BYLINE: By Matt Glynn - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 443 words


Ingram Micro's Amherst complex has been sold for $21.6 million, but the change
in ownership is not expected to affect the company.

An affiliate of First Union Real Estate Equity and Mortgage Investments, a
Boston-based Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT), acquired two properties in the
deal.

First Union bought 1759 Wehrle Drive and 395 S. Youngs Road, according to CB
Richard Ellis (CBRE).

CBRE represented the seller, an affiliate of New York City-based U.S. Realty
Advisers, which is also a REIT.

The entire campus is known as the East Coast headquarters complex for
California-based Ingram Micro, which distributes computers and other technology
products.

The Wehrle Drive site consists of two buildings connected by a two-story glass
atrium, and contains about 85 percent of the 200,000 square feet of office space
involved in the deal. Ingram Micro recently made that site its U.S. sales
center, by absorbing some work from Santa Ana, Calif.

The Youngs Road site is subleased by Ingram Micro to Cognigen Corp. The
pharmaceutical consulting firm uses the space for its headquarters.

The change in ownership of the campus will not affect the companies at either
site, said James J. Allen, executive director of the Amherst Industrial
Development Agency.

"It will not affect any of the employment at all," he said.

An Ingram Micro spokesman also confirmed no changes are planned as a result of
the sale.

A First Union official could not be reached to comment. But Michael Ashner,
chief executive officer of First Union, said in a statement: "We are pleased to
add this property to our increasing portfolio of assets."

Robert Starzynski of CB Richard Ellis's Buffalo office said U.S. Realty Advisers
began looking to sell the properties about a year ago. Starzynski and V. Jeffrey
LiPuma, managing partner of CBRE's Buffalo office, worked on the project with a
vice president in CBRE's New York office.

Starzynski said he did not know U.S. Realty Advisers' reason for selling the
campus, but he noted that REITs periodically change their portfolios.

Ingram Micro has reduced its local employment in recent years, in moves
unrelated to the property sale. It has announced plans to reduce its local job
count by 120 positions, leaving about 1,200 by the end of the year.

The building at 1759 Wehrle Drive opened in 1992, and was expanded three years
later.

Ingram Micro in the late 1990s expanded into a new building across Wehrle Drive,
but vacated that site three years ago. That building was not part of the $21.6
million sale. Ingram Micro added 395 S. Youngs Road to its operations in the
late 1990s, before subleasing the space to Cognigen.

e-mail: mglynn@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Seneca labeling change could affect 35 Rochester employees

BYLINE: Jeff Kiger, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 225 words


March 31--Seneca Foods is moving its labeling operations out of Rochester,
meaning that up to 35 employees could lose their jobs.

Tim Benjamin, the chief financial officer for the Marion, New York-based food
processor, explained that the change is about "matching up our labeling with
where customer demands are."

That change affects about 35 Rochester Seneca workers, but Benjamin said it's
still unclear how many might actually be let go.

"We're trying to place a lot of those affected people in jobs in our frozen
facility right there in Rochester. We don't know the true number yet. Hopefully,
it's just a reallocation pf the majority of them," he said.

Workers at the Rochester plant are represented by United Food and Commercial
Workers Union Local P9 in Austin. It previously was represented by Local 199.

Seneca also owns 1.07 million-square-feet of vegetable canning facilities, in
Rochester. The Rochester Economic Development Inc. lists Seneca as employing 267
full-time workers, which swells to around 400 during harvest. Seneca bought the
plant from Libby in 1982.

The Rochester plant is the largest of Seneca's four Minnesota facilities.

The company employs about 3,500 employees in its 24 facilities across the United
States.

___ (c)2015 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150331-RC-Seneca-labeling-change-could-affect
-35-Rochester-employees-0331-20150331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2015 Post-Bulletin


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            February 23, 2007 Friday

Letters published in El Paso Times

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 659 words


The plan that Bush is trying to do is kind of a bad plan because it will affect
people in El Paso. Sending more troops into Iraq will include a lot of soldiers
from Fort Bliss, and a lot of people here don't want that to happen.

They don't want family members to leave and maybe be killed.

It won't affect me personally because I don't have someone in the Army. But I do
know people who live on Fort Bliss and they will be affected, and that might
affect me.

Another possibility that his plan will affect me is because if they don't have
enough soldiers, then they might draft soldiers. And with that they might draft
an uncle, cousin or any other family member.

It's also bad because what if this war continues until I turn 18. There are a
lot of people dying already. We don't need more to die.

Heriberto Gonzalez

Central El Paso

Mistrial needed

With the Feb. 19 article "1 agent out, 2 fight for jobs after testifying"
regarding the case of Border Patrol Agents Compean and Ramos and the April 12,
2005 DHS memo (courtesy of WorlNetDaily.com) revealing other agents were,
indeed, present Feb. 17, 2005, I have just one question:

Will this newly revealed evidence of "perjurious testimony" bring justice,
vindication and immediate release for these two agents?

In my opinion, Judge Cardone should immediately declare a mistrial since proof
is emerging the agents were tried and convicted on false testimony!

Linda Wilson

Central El Paso

Spaceport tax

On April 3, vote "no" to the Spaceport tax in Doña Ana County. We don't want a
Spaceport to be built on the backs of New Mexico's poor.

The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a research and education
organization on government tax policies, did a study on New Mexico. The report
showed that low- and middle-income families in New Mexico pay a considerably
higher share of their income in state and local taxes than do the richest New
Mexicans.

For instance, the poorest residents pay 9.7 percent of their income on the gross
receipts tax, while the wealthiest, with $100,000 or more, pay only 2.7 percent.
If a family makes over $200,000, they only pay 1.6 percent.

Now the governor and the New Mexico Legislature want to increase the gross
receipts tax in Doña Ana, Sierra and Otero counties, even though the spaceport
benefits all of New Mexico.Ê

To build a spaceport on an unfair, regressive tax system is wrong.ÊÊ

So it is clear the proposed increase in the destructive gross receipts tax
should be defeated by the voters. Why should our poorest residents have to pay
in taxes almost twice the rate of the richest New Mexicans?Ê

Greg Lennes

Las Cruces

Minimum wage

I frankly cannot see what the problem is in raising the minimum wage when
Congress gets automatic, exorbitant raises every year.

Get off your duff and vote for the working public and not your special
interests.

Johnny E. Anderson

East El Paso

Lane striping

Can someone please identify the genius who laid out the lane-striping scheme on
Rushing between Dyer and Transmountain? It seems that someone lay awake several
nights to come up with thisÊ"winner."

In about 30 years of living in this neighborhood, I've seen maybe six bicycle
riders using this street.

Rushing is wide enough for two lanes of traffic in each direction. Why do we
need a 6-foot-wide "safety lane" next to the curb?

Then there is a bike lane where the outside traffic lane used to be. There is a
narrow traffic lane and a turning lane in the middle. All this is in one
direction.

Coming the other way, we repeat the above. It doesn't make sense for bike riders
to compete with automobile traffic for space.

The intersection of Rushing and Transmountain forces southbound traffic to merge
from two lanes to one in order not to drive in the bike lane southbound.
Northbound traffic is faced with the dilemma of how to change from single lane
with a bike lane to a double lane without a bike lane.

I hope someone with an ounce of sense takes a look at this mess.ÊÊ

Ed Hineline

Northeast El Paso

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          September 12, 2009 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

THE GREAT HEALTH CARE DEBATE;
Feisty discussions and fevered protests have occurred around the U.S., but a
federal health care overhaul will mean few changes for Massachusetts;
How health care changes WILL AFFECT US

BYLINE: NANCY REARDON, Patriot Ledger State House Bureau.

Nancy Reardon can be reached at nreardon@ledger.com

SECTION: News; pg. 11

LENGTH: 746 words


BOSTON

The debate has sparked feisty discussions and fevered protests marked by some
pushing, shoving and even one instance of finger-biting in California. But in
Massachusetts - aside from a colorful exchange between U.S. Rep. Barney Frank
and opponents at a recent town hall - the affect of any federal health care
legislation on residents, like the debate itself, may be relatively muted.

For one, advocates say, any changes won't affect most residents, who will be
able to keep insurance plans they like. The impact also is likely to be fairly
minimal because the state's own health care overhaul, enacted three years ago,
put in place several of the major provisions in the three key bills now on the
table in Washington.

"So much of what they're looking at in Washington is based on what we pioneered
here in Massachusetts," said Brian Rossman, director of research for nonprofit
advocacy group Health Care for All.

Many Americans say they are confused about how health care legislation might
affect them, prompting senators and congressman across the country to hold
public forums this summer to explain the bills.

Much of the debate focuses on the uninsured, which isn't as much an issue in the
Bay State. Partly due to the recent overhaul, less than 3 percent of state
residents are uninsured today, according to state estimates.

Moreover, prohibitions against gender discrimination and denying insurance for
health status or pre-existing conditions are already in place in Massachusetts.

The state also has already expanded Medicaid up to 133 percent of the poverty
level of $10,832. This would become a requirement for other states if most bills
under consideration in Washington pass.

The state's low- or no-cost insurance option, Commonwealth Care, covers people
with annual income of less than $32,496, three times the poverty level. These
individuals can purchase subsidized insurance for $150 a month or less depending
on income. A family of four must have an annual income of less than $66,156 to
qualify for Commonwealth Care. A proposal in the House bill would increase that
- but with federal, not state, money.

Bills in the U.S. Congress also aim to lower group rates for insurance premiums,
but savings may not be as big here. For state residents who found plans through
the Commonwealth Connector - an independent state agency that helps small
businesses and individuals without employer-provided insurance purchase health
plans - those costs already dropped by an average of 25 percent after the health
care overhaul, and may not fall much more, experts say.

Still, one group that may see changes are low-income Bay State residents. They
would have more options than the state offers through the public option plan in
the national bills.

"Policymakers in Massachusetts have felt pretty comfortable with the health
plans we have," Rossman said. "Blue Cross, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts are all
nonprofits and based here, so there hasn't been a lot of pressure here for a
competitor from the government side."

Any public option plan would be available to state residents through the current
Commonwealth Connector, as well as residents without access to employer-provided
insurance.

Experts say the Connector would most likely qualify as a so-called "exchange"
that federal reform would require states to establish and would probably
continue operating as is.

Still, Massachusetts taxpayers - like others nationwide - may in part pay for
any overhaul. The price tag has been a big part of the debate, and Massachusetts
hasn't led the way in terms of controlling costs. Senate President Therese
Murray has said follow-up legislation, on keeping costs in check, will be a
priority this session. Still even conservative watchdog groups like the
Massachusetts Taxpayers Foundation have released reports saying the cost of
health care reform to the state was "modest."

READ MORE about health care.

"Blue Cross, Harvard Pilgrim and Tufts are all nonprofits and based here, so
there hasn't been a lot of pressure here for a competitor from the government
side."

- Brian Rossman, director of research for nonprofit advocacy group Health Care
for All

ON THE WEB

For more on "the great health care debate," including:VIDEO: U.S. Rep. Stephen
Lynch explains his concerns and support for federal bills

AUDIO: Experts explain how Massachusetts might be affected be federal moves

AUDIO: Political leaders speak for the late Sen. Edward Kennedy's impact on this
issue

.... go toPatriot Ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Supporters for and against health care reform rally at a town
hall-style meeting hosted by former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean and Rep. Jim Moran,
D-Va., in Reston, Va., in August., Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Patriot Ledger


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 1, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

TRADE ANALYSIS

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 836 words


Reds-Indians

The trades: Cleveland acquires RHP Jeff Juden from Montreal for
pitcher Steve Kline and a player to be named. Cleveland acquires
LHP John Smiley and backup infielder Jeff Branson from Cincinnati
for RHP Danny Graves, LHP Jim Crowell, RHP Scott Winchester and
infielder Damian Jackson.

What it means to Cleveland: The Indians' starting staff is hurting
because RH Jack McDowell, RH Chad Ogea and LH Brian Anderson are
out with elbow injuries. Smiley is on a roll. Juden is having
problems, allowing 15 runs in losing his last three starts. Smiley
is 4-0 during July. Smiley, 32, who makes his Indians debut Saturday
at Texas, is a welcome addition, even though he despises the American
League and didn't want to leave Cincinnati. RHPs Charles Nagy,
Orel Hershiser (groin problem), Jaret Wright and Bartolo Colon
are in the rotation, so one of those guys will get bumped. What
it means to Cincinnati: The Reds were going nowhere in the National
League Central, so it was time to unload Smiley's contract, which
pays him $ 3.75 million a year through 1999. The Reds got a good
crop of young prospects. Graves is a candidate to close with a
sinker, curve and fastball. Crowell is a lefty with location,
and Winchester is a closer (20 saves at Class A) with a slider
and knuckle-curve. Jackson is a smooth-fielding infielder who
can play 2B or SS, but SS is his best position.


White Sox-Giants

The trade: Chicago sends LHP Wilson Alvarez and RHPs Roberto Hernandez
and Danny Darwin to San Francisco for six minor leaguers.

How it affects the White Sox: The White Sox were 31/2 games out
of first place in the AL Central when they made the trade. Trading
Alvarez and Hernandez means the White Sox will not have to deal
with the possibility of losing them to free agency, as they did
pitcher Alex Fernandez last season. Trading DH Harold Baines was
bad enough, but letting three of their best pitchers go to the
Giants says the White Sox are giving up. GM Ron Schueler says
he's excited about getting six of the Giants' minor leaguers,
but by all accounts, the White Sox didn't get any of San Francisco's
top prospects. The best of the bunch might be SS Mike Caruso,
20.

How it affects the Giants: With starters Osvaldo Fernandez and
Pat Rapp on the disabled list and William VanLandingham ineffective,
the Giants, who led the NL West by six games at the All-Star break,
needed starters and relievers. The Giants were pitching-rich in
the first half, but they were down to three starters and a worn-out
bullpen. Fernandez, who had elbow surgery, is out for the season.
Rapp, who came from Florida in an earlier trade, has a strained
rib-cage muscle. Alvarez is among the top three left-handers in
the AL. Hernandez can be devastating. Darwin, 41, is surprisingly
reliable.

A's-Cardinals

The trade: Oakland sends 1B Mark McGwire to St. Louis for RHPs
T.J. Mathews, Eric Ludwick and Blake Stein.

How it affects the A's: There's nothing else the A's could do.
McGwire, 33, one of the game's premier power hitters, is eligible
for free agency after the season, and the rebuilding A's didn't
have the money to sign him. Mathews, 27, Ludwick, 26, and Stein,
24, are hard-throwers. Mathews and Ludwick could be closers.

How it affects the Cardinals: With Mathews and Ludwick gone, the
Cardinals will need closer prospects. And Dennis Eckersley can't
go on forever. The Cardinals, though, had wasted some of the NL's
best pitching because of a lackluster offense. McGwire, who began
his career with Oakland in 1986 and has 363 career home runs overall
despite injuries in three seasons, certainly will change that.
The trade reunites McGwire with his former manager from Oakland,
Tony La Russa, and whether McGwire remains in St. Louis remains
to be seen. He's a free agent after the season, and his son lives
in southern California, meaning he might sign with Anaheim.

Mariners-Blue Jays, Red Sox

The trades: Seattle sends OF Jose Cruz Jr. to Toronto for RHP
Mike Timlin and LHP Paul Spoljaric, and C Jason Varitek and P
Derek Lowe to Boston for RH closer Heathcliff Slocumb.

How it affects the Mariners: The Mariners gambled big time when
they traded a can't-miss prospect in Cruz. But the Mariners had
no choice. Without bullpen help, with Norm Charlton as the biggest
disappointment, the Mariners would have been devastated emotionally.
Timlin, who throws a hard slider but had trouble putting batters
away after he got two strikes, is inconsistent and might benefit
from a new start. Spoljaric is dependable but nothing sensational.
Slocumb is 0-5 with 17 saves in 22 chances and a 5.79 ERA. He's
not the closer they wanted, but he'll have to do.

How it affects the Blue Jays, the Red Sox: The Blue Jays are deep
in relief pitchers, so they can afford to lose Timlin and Spoljaric.
The Blue Jays got a bargain for one of the best outfield prospects
in baseball. The Red Sox are looking to the future.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday

FSC offers government institute

BYLINE: Sentinel and Enterprise

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 1139 words


FITCHBURG -- A summer institute at Fitchburg State College will focus on the
inner workings and political dynamics of government decision-making that affects
us locally, regionally, nationally and globally.

The Institute for Understanding Government Decision Making will be held at
Fitchburg State from July 7-10, and on Aug. 4, from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.

The institute will be taught by political science professor Paul Weizer and
Joshua Spero, assistant professor of social sciences and political science.

Guest lecturers include state Sen. Robert Antonioni; Fitchburg Mayor Lisa Wong;
state Rep. Stephen DiNatale; state Rep. Jennifer Flanagan; Robert Pontbriand,
representing the North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation; John
Schneider, executive vice president of MassINC.; Fitchburg City Councilor David
Clark; James Holmes of the Naval War College; and Joanne Soczek, environmental
and safety officer at Fitchburg State College.

The accelerated topics course will explore aspects of the politics of government
that affect us locally and those that affect us in relationship to the world in
which we live. Students will learn about the interactions and dynamics that
affect policy considerations and changes at the local, national and
international levels of government and the impact on individuals and society.

Antonioni will contribute to discussions on state government. Antonioni served
in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1989 to 1992, and was then
elected to the State Senate for the Worcester and Middlesex district. Antonioni
is serving his seventh and final full term. As a member of the Senate, Antonioni
has served as Senate Chairman of the Joint Committee on Criminal Justice; Senate
Chairman of the Joint Committee on Education, Arts and Humanities; and Senate
Chairman of the Joint Committee on Education. Antonioni is also vice-chairman of
the Joint Committee on Mental Health and Substance Abuse and a member of the
Committees on Senate Ways and Means, Judiciary and Labor and Workforce
Development.

Wong was elected the first Asian-American mayor of Fitchburg in November 2007,
taking office in January 2008. It is her first elected position. Prior to
becoming mayor, Wong was an economic development consultant, working extensively
in New England and abroad. From 2001-2006, Wong worked for the Fitchburg
Redevelopment Authority, including two and a half years as the agency's first
full-time director. She also served as the executive director of the Women's
Institute for Housing & Economic Development, a regional nonprofit with a
mission to provide economic security for low-income women and families through
affordable housing and economic development projects. She is a graduate of
Boston University with a dual bachelor of arts in economics and international
relations, as well as a master's degree in economics.

DiNatale is serving his first term as a state representative, and is a member of
the Joint Committee on Public Safety and Homeland Security, the Joint Committee
on Higher Education and the House Committee on Post Audit and Oversight. He also
served on the Fitchburg City Council from 2003-2006, and was a member of the
Fitchburg School Committee from 1999-2003. DiNatale is a Fitchburg State College
alumnus; he graduated in 1979 with a bachelor's degree in sociology. He was
previously a senior human resources representative for Wang Laboratories in
Lowell.

Flanagan, a Fitchburg State alumna, will also discuss state politics. Flanagan
began her political career in 1995 as a full-time legislative aide for state
Rep. Mary Jane Simmons. In 2004, Flanagan was elected to her first term in the
Massachusetts House of Representatives. Flanagan has been assigned to the Joint
Committees on Mental Health and Substance Abuse, Public Health and the House
Committee on Personnel and Administration.

Pontbriand is director of economic development and government affairs for the
North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation. He previously served as
chief of staff for Fitchburg Mayor Dan H. Mylott. An adjunct professor of
political science at Fitchburg State, Pontbriand is president of the Historical
Society Board of Directors. He is also a member of the Fitchburg State College
Board of Trustees. Pontbriand received a bachelor of arts in political science
and history from the University of Vermont and a master of liberal arts in
government from Harvard University.

Schneider serves as interim president and CEO of the Massachusetts Institute for
a New Commonwealth, known as MassINC, an independent, nonpartisan research and
educational institute. MassINC brings together diverse perspectives, including
those held by conservatives and liberals, business and labor, advocates and
policy makers, to focus on the challenge of achieving the American dream in
Massachusetts. Before joining MassINC, Schneider directed a regional planning
and economic development partnership in the state's high-tech corridor.

Clark has served as Fitchburg's Ward 1 councilor since 2006. He is currently the
chairman of the City Property Committee, and is a member of the Public Works
Committee and Appointments Committee. Clark is a member of the Fitchburg Access
Television Board of Directors and the Crocker Field Restoration Committee. He
previously served as a member of the School Committee for the Fitchburg Public
Schools and was vice chairman. Clark is an employee of the Fitchburg State
College Information Technology Department and is a 1982 graduate of the college.

Holmes is associate professor of strategy at the Naval War College in Newport,
R.I., and is a senior research fellow at the University of Georgia School of
Public and International Affairs. He is the author of numerous newspaper op-eds,
journal articles, book chapters and government reports.

Soczek has been with Fitchburg State College since 2002, where she manages
compliance with environmental regulations in the academic science laboratories
and campus operations. She has helped design the college's pandemic response
plan which has created framework for additional incident response plans. She is
also the college's representative to the Montachusett Regional Emergency
Planning Committee, which is involved in planning and drills in response to
local emergencies. Soczek is also chairwoman of the Board of Health for the city
of Fitchburg. She has also been a member of the Safety/Risk Management Committee
for the Cambridge Public Health Alliance and has worked as a corporate safety
officer/trainer at IDEXX Laboratories. Soczek has a bachelor of science in
clinical laboratory science from Fitchburg State.

To register for the course, contact the Office of the Registrar at (978)
665-4196. To see a complete listing of summer sessions courses, institutes and
special programs, visit fsc.edu/gcebulletin.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 17, 2011, Thursday

Move to Big 12 unlikely to affect WVU's recruiting plan

BYLINE: Dave Hickman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 1004 words


MORGANTOWN - Perhaps one of the most tiresome things I'm forced to hear when it
comes to the shifting landscape of college football and conference realignment
is the obligatory question coaches have to answer regarding recruiting.

OK, so part of that is personal bias on my part. I loathe the public scrutiny
given to recruiting in this Internet age.

Oh, so there's a 17-year-old kid that some guy has deemed a four-star recruit
who has verbally committed to your school? Great. Nudge me when he actually
signs on the dotted line and then wake me up for real after - or, more to the
point, if - he qualifies academically, proves that he has the requisite work
ethic to succeed, and then actually does.

But I digress.

No, what we're talking about today isn't even as concrete as a verbal
commitment. It's the apparently-compulsory question that those in my profession
who have been drawn to the Dark Side (giving as much or more credence to
recruiting as to the actual games) ask each time there's another conference
shift.

"So, Todd Graham, how does Pitt moving to the ACC change your recruiting base?''

"Hey, Doug Marrone, how concerned are you that Syracuse being based in a more
southern conference will affect your Northeast recruiting region?''

And, of course, to West Virginia's Dana Holgorsen:

"Coach, how does moving to the Big 12 affect the areas you will recruit?''

That one, naturally, followed earlier questions about how TCU joining the Big
East would affect the same (August), how being stuck in a crumbling Big East
would alter things (September after Pitt, Syracuse and TCU bailed), how adding
Houston and SMU and potentially Boise State would broaden recruiting horizons
(early October), and how the uncertainty of the on-again, off-again, on-again
relationship with the Big 12 weighed on the minds of recruits (November).

Granted, perhaps those are valid questions. Maybe all the shifting does refocus
recruiting. Perhaps it does open or close a door or two here and there.

But as far as 90 percent of the recruits West Virginia will go after and get are
concerned, none of it really means much of anything. It may change the message
and the approach of Holgorsen and his staff when they go recruiting, but that's
entirely about what you're selling, not where you're selling it.

In other words, West Virginia isn't suddenly going to be getting most of its
players from Texas and Oklahoma and Kansas. It may get a few, but not because
some kid wants to go 1,000 miles away from home just so he can return to the
region a couple of times a year - or to a specific locale twice in four years -
and play in front of his family. If he wants to do that, he'll stay home in the
first place.

No, if West Virginia gets kids from Texas, its simply because that's where half
of WVU's coaches are used to recruiting. They've gotten a running back (Dustin
Garrison) and two quarterbacks (Paul Millard and committed recruit Ford
Childress) so far, and that was before the school joined the Big 12. They'll get
more, but being a part of the Big 12 will be a very small reason.

Of course, in answering all those recruiting-area questions, Holgorsen has been
all over the map. He talked about TCU helping when TCU appeared to be coming,
then switched the message when that fell through and it appeared the
Mountaineers were going to be stuck in the Big East. That's when he talked about
kids wanting to come to WVU for what WVU offers, not all the extraneous stuff.

Now that the deal with the Big 12 is done - or at least done save for the legal
wrangling and an exit date from the Big East - Holgorsen was asked again about
the message to recruits and if it changes.

"I think it will eventually, but it's tough now because it's just talk,''
Holgorsen said. "Whether it's next year or the next year or the next year, what
do you tell them? It's the same stuff.''

The truth is, no matter the conference, West Virginia will be telling the same
stuff to the same recruits. They're the ones in Ohio and Pennsylvania and
Florida and the handful from West Virginia, which is where WVU was recruiting
for two decades under Don Nehlen and it hasn't changed. Over the years, other
states have been in and out of the mix - New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia,
Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina - usually because someone on the staff
had connections in those places.

WVU's new connections now are in Texas and the Southwest. Maybe joining the Big
12 helps that out a bit. But it will be just a bit, not some wholesale move to
recruiting half the roster from Texas.

"We've already expanded into Texas,'' Holgorsen said. "And from a geographical
standpoint, you still have to take care of your backyard, the neighboring states
and what exists here in West Virginia.

"We need to make sure we take care of this area. Florida's been really good to
us, so we'll continue to go down there.''

Here's the real point that recruitniks tend to miss, however. West Virginia
isn't suddenly going to be playing most of its games in the Southwest. In an
average year, there will be trips to four Big 12 venues. That's only one-third
of the regular-season games. In most years, there will be four Big 12 teams
coming to Morgantown and two or three non-conference opponents doing the same.
And the non-league road games each year aren't likely to be anywhere near cattle
country - maybe Maryland, hopefully Pitt, perhaps East Carolina.

The fact is, this is still an Eastern-based school playing most of its games in
the East, which isn't going to suddenly spark an influx of Southwest recruits.

"We're still playing seven of our 12 games here,'' Holgorsen said. "Those seven
games don't change, and whoever you play non-conference will probably be fairly
close.

"You don't want to go find people specifically for those games. You take care of
what you have here, which is what's made West Virginia a great program, by
targeting the neighboring states and Florida. We'll branch into Texas, but we've
already done that.''

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Allegiant says Pittsburgh flights not likely to affect Youngstown service

BYLINE: Vindicator, Youngstown, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


Nov. 13--VIENNA -- The flights Allegiant Air is adding between Pittsburgh
International Airport and three Florida cities starting Feb. 13 are not likely
to have an adverse effect on the Youngstown-Warren Regional Airport, a local
airport official said.

"We think the patronage we've established over five years will continue," said
Dan Dickten, director of aviation at the Youngstown-Warren airport. He said the
low price of parking here, the short walking distance to the terminal from the
parking lot and convenience are likely to keep customers coming back.

Allegiant announced that Pittsburgh is among several new cities getting flights
to Florida and Las Vegas.

Allegiant will make four flights a week from Pittsburgh to St.
Petersburg-Clearwater International Airport serving the Tampa Bay area, four
flights a week to Punta Gorda and two flights a week to Jacksonville.

Allegiant says it'll be the only airline flying the Pittsburgh-Jacksonville
route.

Dickten notes that Pittsburgh will not be getting flights to Myrtle Beach, S.C.,
one of Youngstown's most-popular routes.

Allegiant could not be reached to comment on the new Pittsburgh routes, but
Dickten issued a news release containing a statement from the company.

"YNG [Youngstown] has been a great partner for Allegiant and will continue to be
an important partner for Allegiant," the statement said. "We do not anticipate
lowering any levels of service with YNG because of" the Pittsburgh flights.

Allegiant added that nothing has changed regarding the possibility that
Youngstown will be getting additional service to Las Vegas and Fort Lauderdale,
Fla., at some point.

Allegiant also has added flights to Florida from Syracuse, N.Y.; Columbus;
Cincinnati; Indianapolis; Austin, Texas; Richmond, Va.; Hagerstown, Md.; and
Omaha, Neb. Five of the cities currently have no Allegiant service.

"Allegiant's innovative business model has allowed it to grow from one plane and
one route just over a decade ago, to offering access to low-cost, nonstop travel
to 13 vacation destinations in over 90 communities nationwide," according to the
Allegiant website.

___ (c)2014 Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) Visit Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) at
www.vindy.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-YU-Allegiant-says-Pittsburgh-flights-not-likely-to-affect
-Youngstown-service-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YU


                           Copyright 2014 Vindicator


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Spotlight for Dec. 15, 2012

LENGTH: 678 words


Obama: Marijuana users shouldn't be targeted


WASHINGTON -- U.S. President Barack Obama says federal authorities should not
target recreational marijuana use in two Western states that voted to make it
legal, given limited government resources and growing public acceptance of the
controlled substance.


Obama's first comments on the issue come weeks after Washington state and
Colorado voters supported legalizing cannabis last month in ballot measures that
stand in direct opposition of federal law.


"It does not make sense from a prioritization point of view for us to focus on
recreational drug users in a state that has already said that under state law
that's legal," he told ABC News in part of an interview released on Friday.


Marijuana remains an illegal drug under U.S. federal law, but Washington and
Colorado on Nov. 6 became the first states in the nation to make it legal for
individuals to possess up to an ounce of marijuana for private use.Obese death
row inmate may be spared


CLEVELAND -- An Ohio state parole board recommended on Friday that an obese Ohio
inmate, who had sought to halt his execution over his weight, should have his
sentence commuted to life in prison because of concerns about his legal
representation.


Ronald Post, 53, was sentenced to death by a three-judge panel in 1985 for the
1983 aggravated murder of a hotel clerk after entering a plea of no contest. He
is scheduled to be executed by lethal injection on Jan. 16.


A spokesman for Gov. John Kasich said he had not yet decided how to act on the
clemency petition.


The board, in its recommendation to the governor, said Post had "perpetrated a
horrendous crime" but that numerous omissions, missed opportunities and
questionable decisions by defense attorneys warranted a life sentence.


Post's lawyers previously had argued unsuccessfully that his weight, of more
than 450 pounds, in combination with the state's use of lethal injection,
created a "substantial risk for serious and psychological pain" and a "torturous
and lingering death."Canada says fiscal cliff would affect its growth


OTTAWA -- Failure to prevent the U.S. fiscal cliff of automatic tax hikes and
spending cuts would affect Canadian growth and create uncertainty, Canadian
Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said on Friday, adding that he had just spoken to
U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner about the issue.


"The reality is there's more work to be done. We are in the middle of December.
I think there's a desire by the Americans to get to a resolution, but we're in
for a bit of a bumpy road and we need to fasten our seat belts," Flaherty told
reporters.


"There's good reason for concern in the next quarter or so if that issue is not
resolved satisfactorily between the U.S. administration and the U.S. Congress,"
Flaherty said.


"And that affects growth in the United States, which directly affects growth
here, and it affects confidence and creates uncertainty, neither of which are
desirable."Israeli foreign minister quits after indictment


JERUSALEM -- Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman resigned on Friday after
being charged with fraud and breach of trust, a move that could affect January's
election, which his party, merged with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's
Likud, was tipped to win.


Israel's Justice Ministry said on Thursday it would charge Lieberman over
alleged irregularities tied to the promotion of an Israeli diplomat who had
leaked him privileged information about a police probe into his activities.


More serious allegations, including money laundering and bribery, were dropped,
but even the lesser charges cast a cloud over his political future and within 24
hours of receiving the ministry report, he stood down.


"I have decided to resign my post as foreign minister and deputy prime minister
and  also to remove my [parliamentary] immunity forthwith so I can end this
matter quickly, without delay and clear my name absolutely," Lieberman said in
an emailed statement.


Netanyahu will serve as acting foreign minister until the Jan. 22 election, an
official said.


FROM WIRE SERVICE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 2, 2000 Thursday 2D EDITION

DUI won't be a distraction Shanahan: QB Griese is 'tough enough'

BYLINE: By Adam Schefter, Denver Post Sports Writer,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-10

LENGTH: 655 words


For one of the rare times, Denver Broncos quarterback Brian  Griese and coach
Mike Shanahan are not on the same wavelength.

Griese said he thinks his arrest Saturday night for driving  under the
influence, when his blood-alcohol level measured .149  percent, will not impact
his preparation for Sunday's game against  the New York Jets, or his performance
in the contest.

'It's not a distraction to me. I can tell you that,' Griese  said Wednesday. 'I
can't speak for the team, but in no way  whatsoever is it going to be a
distraction to me.'

Shanahan offered a different version.

'It won't affect the team. I will guarantee you that,' he  said. 'I think the
question will be, 'Does it affect Brian?' I  think it's human nature to have it
affect you a little bit,  anytime you deal with a situation like that. But Brian
is tough  enough and mature enough to handle it and take care of business.'

Griese's business Wednesday was an appearance at his weekly  news conference,
the first time he has answered questions about  his arrest. He declined to
answer specific questions about the  charges, including how difficult it will be
to cope with being in  the NFL's alcohol-treatment program that will randomly
test him up  to 10 times a month for the next two NFL seasons.

But he did address more general questions, such as the one  asking whether he
felt his highly visible job in this city was a  burden.

In fact, Griese said, it is the other way around.

'Trust me, I cherish the gifts that I've been given,' Griese  said. 'God gave me
a lot of gifts, and I'm in a great position  right now, a position in which I
have a lot of influence on  people. I don't take that lightly. But I wouldn't
change my  situation for the world, because of the fact I can have an  influence
on people in such a positive way.

'That's the thing that hurts me the most with what happened is  it's negative. I
mean, that's not me. But I'm going to continue to  work hard and keep my nose
clean, and have a positive influence on  people, because that - to me - is why
God gave me the gifts that I  do have. To play football - not to be an athlete
and do those  types of things. But I'm in a situation where I can have a
positive influence on kids, and people that look up to me. This is  a gift.'

Griese still has not talked to his teammates about Saturday  night's incident,
and said he won't. He is more focused on trying  to salvage a season that has
begun to slip out of the Broncos'  grasp.

'For me and my team, I've moved on because that's the only  way we will be able
to win,' Griese said.

Winning is also the larger issue to his teammates, who are  more concerned about
trying to save their season than about Griese  trying to save face.

'Anybody, any one of us could be in that situation one day,'  Broncos running
back Terrell Davis said. 'To me, like he  mentioned, it wasn't like he was out
taking shots at 12, 1, 2 in  the morning. I guess he was coming back from
dinner. I mean, I do  that myself, so I'm even in a situation where I can get
caught up  in something like that. But I guess you have to use more judgment
and just be more careful.'

Now, the best way for Griese to quiet the controversy swirling  around him is
with a win Sunday. It will not be easy. The Broncos  are playing one of the
AFC's best teams, the 6-2 Jets, yet Griese  is undaunted.

'I can't think of a better way to start it out,' Griese said  about the second
half of Denver's season. 'There's some questions  about our team and where we're
going to end up. But for us, to  play a team as good as the Jets right off the
bat is a great  opportunity for us to come out and prove ourselves, and show
everybody that the team that came out against Cincinnati is not  the team that
is going to play the rest of this year.'

LOAD-DATE: November 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Glenn Asakawa Brian Griese says his arrest
Saturday night for driving under the influence will not affect his preparation
for Sunday's road game against the New York Jets.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

Foreclosure affects fewer homes in Toledo area

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


April 25--Home foreclosure activity in the Toledo area during the first quarter
decreased from the previous quarter and from the same period a year ago, bucking
a national trend of rising foreclosure-related actions, a report released today
indicated.

Between January and March, 1,511 homes were in some stage of the foreclosure
process in metro Toledo, down 25 percent from last year's fourth quarter and
down 6.8 percent from the first quarter a year ago, according to RealtyTrac, a
real estate data firm in Irvine, Calif.

One of every 199 housing units locally had either received a notice of default
or default pending or a notice of trustee sale or foreclosure sale, or had been
foreclosed and repurchased by a bank, according to the report by RealtyTrac.

RELATED ARTICLE: Proposal to register foreclosures stirs debate

Toledo ranked 64th in foreclosure activity out of the nation's 212 metro areas
whose populations are 200,000 or more.

Among other Ohio cities, Columbus was 48th with one for every 166 housing units;
Canton, 50th with one for every 171; Cleveland, 60th with one for every 191;
Akron, 66th with one for every 205; Cincinnati, 74th with one for every 226;
Dayton, 91st with one for every 261, and Youngstown, 94th with one for every
266.

Stockton, Calif., had the highest foreclosure rate of any metro area, with one
of every 60 housing units in some stage of the foreclosure process.

RealtyTrac said that nationwide foreclosure activity rose in the first quarter
from the fourth quarter in 114 of the 212 largest metro areas. In the 50 largest
metro areas, first-quarter foreclosure activity increased in 26 of those areas
from the fourth quarter.

However, foreclosure activity was down in the first quarter compared to a year
ago in 135 of the 212 metro areas studied by RealtyTrac. Out of the 50 largest
metro areas, foreclosure activity was down in 33 of them compared to a year ago.

___ (c)2012 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120425-TO-HLT-Foreclosure-affects
-fewer-homes-in-Toledo-area-0425-20120425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2012 The Blade


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday

Medicaid change will affect almost all recipients in Rio Grande Valley

BYLINE: Jacqueline Armendariz, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 991 words


Feb. 15--The rollout on March 1 of managed-care Medicaid for the Rio Grande
Valley and beyond is "a historic policy shift," State Rep. Richard Pena Raymond,
D-Laredo, said this week.

The change is expected to affect more than 400,000 Medicaid clients in a
10-county service area. They were asked to enroll in managed-care plans by last
Friday.

In the face of the state budget crisis last year, proponents said the change
would cut costs because managed care would help avoid duplicate services for
clients. Those who had been against managed care for Medicaid said the likely
reduced reimbursements would hurt services and clients.

Now, the big change is 15 days away.

"I did not support shifting to the HMO system, which is what this is," Raymond
said, referring to health maintenance organizations. "The argument by those who
support it, was that it would save money. It remains to be seen."

The change has been criticized by a group of Valley pharmacists who said their
Medicaid reimbursements would go down, potentially passing the cost on to
clients.

Raymond said that he and other legislators had been fighting off the change for
years, but now his task as chairman of the House Health and Human Services
Committee is to monitor the implementation of the new system.

He said a formal report on his committee's findings about the managed-care
rollout will likely be ready late this year and will be presented to the
Legislature when it convenes in 2013.

Providers have expressed reservations about how quickly the massive rollout will
occur, and questions about service linger. The affected counties are Cameron,
Duval, Hidalgo, Jim Hogg, Maverick, McMullen, Starr, Webb, Willacy and Zapata.

The five managed-care plans clients must choose from will operate under programs
called STAR, which is generally for children and families, or STAR+PLUS, which
is for the elderly or those with disabilities.

Managed care is used for Medicaid clients in other parts of the state, but it's
just now coming to South Texas.

"I, and others, worked to keep it out," Raymond, a member of the Legislature for
17 years, said. "The reason that it was not in there before, I felt -- and a lot
of others felt -- that the system we had already was a good system and that
changing it to an HMO system would risk putting people in a situation where they
needed health care but might find it harder to get it."

Earlier this month, the Brownsville Community Health Center was host to a fair
to discuss the Medicaid changes. BCHC marketing director, Alix Flores, said
almost 900 people attended but some were recipients of Medicare as opposed to
Medicaid and were unaffected.

Flores said 350 clients were enrolled in a managed-care plan during the fair.

In general, he said, BCHC clients found the process to be complicated. Some were
unsure if they would be affected at all, and others were concerned about whether
they would keep their own doctor.

Clients also wanted to know what types of services the plans offered. Flores has
said that the plans will have the same basic benefits but services called "value
adds" will be different.

A HHSC spokeswoman said that if a Medicaid client missed the Feb. 10 deadline to
choose a plan, they would automatically be enrolled in one of the managed-care
programs. Efforts will be made to make sure their plan includes their current
doctor, she said.

According to a press release from Raymond's office, after the deadline if a
client wishes to change their plan they can do so but the change will not be
effective for 30 days.

Raymond expressed concern about managed-care plans being a middleman in a
patient's care process.

"Partly, what you have to look out for is you don't have a system where the
services that a doctor or medical personnel believe you need, you're not given
because the HMO says they don't think you need it," he said. "That's the biggest
thing I think you've got to watch out for."

New reimbursement rates for pharmacists serving Medicaid clients are currently
only a proposal, but they are "very low," Raymond said. He acknowledged the
concerns of local independent pharmacists.

"There are many, many places where you can't allow those pharmacies to shut
down," he said in reference to smaller communities that lack a corporate
retailer such as CVS or Walgreens. "There's no way many of them would be able to
survive, and I'm very concerned about that as well. Nothing is finalized yet,
but it's getting close."

He also said it's uncertain if the large number of Medicaid recipients in the
area will be enrolled by the date the new system goes into effect -- a problem
that has been seen in other regions of Texas.

And there may be confusion if a client gets into a plan that doesn't allow them
to see their regular doctor, he said.

"Just because it's in other parts of the state doesn't mean it's working well,"
he said of managed care for Medicaid clients. "In fact, I think some would argue
that it wasn't. We felt that it was not the right fit for South Texas."

As March 1 comes closer at least one managed-care Medicaid plan, Driscoll
Children's Health Plan, has announced the opening of an office in the Valley --
in Edinburg -- to help administer its contract in the region.

Raymond said a briefing last month in Austin brought together local providers,
client advocates, representatives of the state Health and Human Services
Commission, as well as representatives of all five managed-care plans and the
state's enrollment broker, Maximus Inc., to identify obstacles and help promote
understanding.

"I'm absolutely committed to making sure that we do have a good health-care
system and doctors can provide the services that they're trained to do and the
patients can receive the services that they need," Raymond said. "That's the
bottom line for me."

___ (c)2012 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120215-BV-Medicaid-change-will-affect
-almost-all-recipients-in-Rio-Grande-Valley-0215-20120215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2012 The Brownsville Herald


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Amtrak service out of Boston suspended, affects New London commuters

BYLINE: Izaskun E. LarraNeta, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 391 words


April 19--NEW LONDON -- Amtrak service at Union Station has been canceled as
service in and out of Boston has been suspended as police there search for the
Boston Marathon bomb suspect.

Amtrak service is temporarily suspended between Boston and Providence, said
Cliff Cole, a spokesman for Amtrak. He said Boston authorities asked them to
suspend service at 5:45 a.m.

A clerk at Union Station said no Amtrak trains were traveling to there and he
had no further information on when service would resume.

Cole said he could not provide information on when service would resume.

Amtrak service is operating normally between Washington, D.C., Philadelphia and
New York. The Springfield Shuttle between New Haven, Conn. and Springfield,
Mass. is also operating on a normal schedule.

He said an earlier incident of suspicious activity in South Norwalk has been
cleared and found not to be connected to the Boston bombings.

"We've been cooperating with law enforcement and will leave it at that," said
Cole.

According to a New York Times blog, a New York Metropolitan Transportation
Authority Police official said video surveillance footage from the stations in
Providence, New Haven and New London were being reviewed to make sure the
suspect didn't get off at those stations.

Avis Smith was scheduled to go to Newport News, Va., to see her ailing son who
is in the hospital, but was told that she would not be able to take the 7:45
a.m. train out of New London.

Smith, who also lives in Virginia, could not contain her tears as she headed
back to a cab to take her back to her hotel in Groton. Her husband is doing some
work at a local shipyard, she said.

Smith booked a ticket for the same time Saturday. "I hope he holds on," said
Smith.

Debbie O'Connor, of Westerly, said she was told there to come to New London to
catch a train, but discovered that service here was canceled as well.

O'Connor was headed to New York for work. She was told to go to Old Saybrook to
attempt to get the 9:14 a.m. Shore Line East train that would take her to New
Haven, where she could take the Metro North to Grand Central Station in New
York.

"I may just drive to New Haven and leave my car there," said O'Connor. "I don't
like driving to New York."

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130419-NL-Amtrak-service-out-of-Boston-suspended-affects
-New-London-commuters-20130419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Amtrak service out of Boston suspended, affects New London commuters

BYLINE: Izaskun E. LarraNeta, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 391 words


April 19--NEW LONDON -- Amtrak service at Union Station has been canceled as
service in and out of Boston has been suspended as police there search for the
Boston Marathon bomb suspect.

Amtrak service is temporarily suspended between Boston and Providence, said
Cliff Cole, a spokesman for Amtrak. He said Boston authorities asked them to
suspend service at 5:45 a.m.

A clerk at Union Station said no Amtrak trains were traveling to there and he
had no further information on when service would resume.

Cole said he could not provide information on when service would resume.

Amtrak service is operating normally between Washington, D.C., Philadelphia and
New York. The Springfield Shuttle between New Haven, Conn. and Springfield,
Mass. is also operating on a normal schedule.

He said an earlier incident of suspicious activity in South Norwalk has been
cleared and found not to be connected to the Boston bombings.

"We've been cooperating with law enforcement and will leave it at that," said
Cole.

According to a New York Times blog, a New York Metropolitan Transportation
Authority Police official said video surveillance footage from the stations in
Providence, New Haven and New London were being reviewed to make sure the
suspect didn't get off at those stations.

Avis Smith was scheduled to go to Newport News, Va., to see her ailing son who
is in the hospital, but was told that she would not be able to take the 7:45
a.m. train out of New London.

Smith, who also lives in Virginia, could not contain her tears as she headed
back to a cab to take her back to her hotel in Groton. Her husband is doing some
work at a local shipyard, she said.

Smith booked a ticket for the same time Saturday. "I hope he holds on," said
Smith.

Debbie O'Connor, of Westerly, said she was told there to come to New London to
catch a train, but discovered that service here was canceled as well.

O'Connor was headed to New York for work. She was told to go to Old Saybrook to
attempt to get the 9:14 a.m. Shore Line East train that would take her to New
Haven, where she could take the Metro North to Grand Central Station in New
York.

"I may just drive to New Haven and leave my car there," said O'Connor. "I don't
like driving to New York."

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130419-NL-Amtrak-service-out-of-Boston-suspended-affects
-New-London-commuters-20130419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 10, 2010 Friday

Lack of federal action affects Meadow Park project

BYLINE: Michael R. Moser, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 385 words


Dec. 10--CROSSVILLE -- Crossville's scheduled repairs for Meadow Park Lake that
has an affect on Lake Tansi hit a speed bump when council members learned at a
work session Tuesday that lack of action on the federal government's budget is
having an adverse affect on the city's time table.

Consulting engineer Scott Christian delivered that information but also assured
councilmembers that he was working on getting a commitment letter from the
United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office for the
funding, contingent on Congress passing a budget.

"We are trying to get to the bid stage," Christian told councilmembers. "We
would like to get the bids in January to meet the summer deadline with the Lake
Tansi POA."

With a commitment letter from Rural Development, the city would proceed with the
project, fronting the funding until the grant money was approved through the
federal government process.

Crossville is listed as high on the funding priority list so Christian indicated
that the issue was more of when the funds would be approved as opposed to if the
project would be funded. He said Crossville was fourth on the priority list.

Crossville and the Lake Tansi POA entered an agreement earlier this year that
allows the city to take seasonal excess water between Oct. 15 and April 15. The
city paid a fee for this right and after April 15, the city is required to pay
an additional penalty for water taken.

The reason water is needed from Lake Tansi is that to do the repairs in
accordance with the Safe Dam Act, the city will have to lower Meadow Park Lake
during the construction phase and once completed, will have to refill the lake
on a schedule that does not damage the new repairs.

Mayor J.H. Graham III told members of council that he and Christian would be
making trips to state offices in Cookeville and Nashville in hopes of securing
the commitment letter in a time frame that allows for the letting of bids in
January.

To see more of the Crossville Chronicle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.crossville-chronicle.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Crossville Chronicle,
Tenn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101210-XV-Lack-of-federal-action-affects
-Meadow-Park-project-1210-20101210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2010 Crossville Chronicle


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



             The Morgan Messenger (Berkely Springs, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 28, 2011

Postal Service crisis may affect local mail

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 519  words


The U.S. Postal Service is facing a serious financial crisis that may affect
delivery times of mail sent and received from Morgan County as well as the rest
of the Eastern Panhandle.

The Postal Service is conducting what it calls an Area Mail Processing study to
determine whether to shut down the Martinsburg mail distribution center and move
those functions to Baltimore.

The affects of closing the Martinsburg distribution center were outlined during
a public meeting on August 30 in Martinsburg.

First class mail affected

The good news, according to postal officials, is that first class mail to and
from the Washington, D.C. metro area would be upgraded from 2-day delivery to
overnight, and first class mail to and from parts of Boston, New England and
Northern New York would be upgraded from 3-day delivery to 2-day delivery.

The bad news is that first class mail to and from parts of Northern Virginia and
Baltimore would be downgraded from overnight to 2-day delivery while first class
mail to parts of Georgia, Tennessee, Kentucky and Indian would be downgraded
from 2-day delivery to 3-day delivery.

Berkeley Springs Postmaster Ron Davis said, "I have gotten no information about
changes here. I don't see how closing Martinsburg will have any effect on Morgan
County mail delivery. As far as I know it is just a proposal. Will it happen? I
don't know. When it will happen? I don't know."

Davis said he has not received any information about possible post office
closings in Morgan County.

Across the river in Maryland, Little Orleans and Big Pool Post Offices are on
the list for possible closings.

More changes likely

Earlier this month, Postmaster General Patrick Donahoe told a U.S. Senate
committee that without enactment of legislation by the end of September, the
Postal Service faces default;

Funds will be insufficient to make a con-gressionally mandated $5.5 billion
payment to pre-fund retiree health benefits, he said.

Donahoe estimated that the Postal Service could lose $10 billion this year.

Requests to Congress

In a statement last week, Donahoe said: "We must reduce our annual costs by $20
billion by 2015 to be profitable. We do not currently have the flexibility in
our business model to achieve these cost reductions."

To reach these goals, the Postal Service has asked Congress to allow it to stop
Saturday mail delivery and to break its labor agreement with employees, which
includes a no layoff clause, so it can begin to layoff workers.

In addition, postal officials want to withdraw about 480,000 retirees and
600,000 workers from the federal employee health benefits program and create
their own health program.

Studies are being conducted on whether to close 3,600 post offices and 252
distribution centers across the country.

According to the presentation made in Martinsburg, the Postal Service has
suffered a 42% decline in first class mail since 2001. First class mail is by
far the bulk of the mail handled by the postal system.

Postal officials blame the decline on the increased impact of electronic
communications, the national recession and the restrictive Post Office business
model.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGM

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2011


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday

Sheena Eastburn case could be affect by court decision

BYLINE: Wally Kennedy, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 841 words


Jan. 25--The U.S. Supreme Court could decide later this year whether the
constitutional ban on automatic life-without-parole sentences for juveniles is
retroactive.

If the court decides that the ban is retroactive, 83 people who have been
convicted of first-degree murder as juveniles and are serving mandatory life
sentences in Missouri prisons could immediately ask the court for new sentences.

Among the 83 serving a life-without-parole sentence is Sheena Eastburn, 37, who
was convicted of first-degree murder in 1995 for the 1992 death of her estranged
husband, Tim Eastburn, at Rocky Comfort in McDonald County. At age 17, she was
sentenced in McDonald County Circuit Court to a life term without the chance of
probation or parole. Tim Eastburn's family has stated their opposition to any
change in her sentence.

Her attorney, Kent Gipson, of Kansas City, said the U.S. Supreme Court has
granted a Louisiana man's request for review of that state's decision to deny
retroactive application of the constitutional ban on automatic
life-without-parole sentences for juveniles. Gipson characterized the court's
decision to hear the appeal as "a good development" for Eastburn and the others
like her in Missouri prisons.

"The court might have granted review because they think it should be retroactive
and it's not in Louisiana. It's possible the court could decide the issue by
June," he said.

On June 25, 2012, the U.S. Supreme Court in Miller v. Alabama ruled that
mandatory life-without-parole sentences imposed on children under age 18 are
unconstitutional. George Toca, of Louisiana, filed a motion asking for the
ruling in Miller to be applied to his sentence, but it was denied because the
Louisiana Supreme Court ruled that Miller does not apply retroactively to
sentences imposed before the Supreme Court announcement in 2012.

Toca had just turned 17 when his best friend was accidentally shot during a
botched armed robbery in 1984. He was convicted in 1985, and the Orleans Parish
judge imposed a mandatory life-without-parole sentence.

Most state supreme courts have decided that Miller is retroactive. On Nov. 12,
South Carolina became the latest state to apply Miller retroactively. Supreme
courts in Wyoming, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Illinois, Mississippi, Iowa,
Massachusetts and Texas have decided that Miller is retroactive. The Missouri
Legislature in the past two sessions has tried to revise Missouri's sentencing
laws to reflect the constitutional ban but has failed to do so.

Gipson attempted to get a new trial for Eastburn in September 2010 based on
claims of ineffective counsel during her 1995 trial. In March 2011, the court
granted the request to re-open Eastburn's previous proceedings. But in September
2012, McDonald County Circuit Judge Tim Perigo ruled that the motion to re-open
was actually an attempt to file a successive motion and cited state law that
states "the circuit court shall not entertain successive motions."

The Missouri Supreme Court upheld Perigo's ruling in 2013. But Gipson contended
then that Eastburn's case would be heard again because of the U.S. Supreme Court
decision in Miller v. Alabama.

"It's just delaying the remedy to which she is entitled," Gipson said at the
time. "Her sentence and conviction of first-degree murder at age 17 with no
possibility of parole will eventually be overturned."

The motion for a new trial, citing ineffective counsel, led to evidentiary
hearings in McDonald County Circuit Court in which witnesses gave conflicting
testimony about the circumstances of Eastburn's 1995 trial.

Gipson contended that Eastburn was "under the substantial domination" of two
other defendants who participated in the murder of Tim Eastburn, including the
gunman who had stolen Eastburn's rifle and used it to kill him

Prosecutors alleged that Eastburn lured her ex-husband into the kitchen of his
home near Rocky Comfort on Nov. 19, 1992, setting him up to be shot by Terry
Banks and Matthew Myers. After a plea bargain, Myers was sentenced to 67 years
on a reduced charge of second-degree murder. Banks was convicted of first-degree
murder and was sentenced to life without parole.

Eastburn testified that she had "no understanding of what was happening in
court" at the time of her trial. Her court-appointed attorney testified he was
not prepared to represent her.

Witnesses testifying during those hearings said the jury in her trial did not
hear that Eastburn allegedly was raped two times by a jailer while being held in
the McDonald County Jail. The jury also was not told that Eastburn allegedly
became pregnant while in jail and that her pregnancy was aborted.

The jailer, Terrie Zornes, 48, of Pineville, was charged in the Eastburn rape
case after new evidence came to light in 2012. In a plea bargain, he obtained
dismissal of the rape charge in exchange for pleading guilty to making sexual
advances toward a 14-year-old girl in 2010.

___ (c)2015 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150125-JL-Sheena-Eastburn-case-could-be-affect
-by-court-decision-0125-20150125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2015 The Joplin Globe


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                February 7, 2017

                             Tribune Media Company

                           435 N Michigan Ave Ste 600
                               CHICAGO 60611-6223
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Renew of ABC Television Affiliation Agreement

   The company entered into an agreement with ABC Television to renew the
existing affiliations of WGNO-TV (New Orleans) and WQAD-TV. ABC Television is a
leading media company that develops, produces, and distributes entertainment
content. The company also renewed an agreement with TRCO to provide operational
support. This agreement strengthens its partnership with ABC Television; and
enables the company to provide an array of high-quality programming to viewers
in the local ABC Television communities, including tremendous live events such
as Oscars, local news, sports and entertainment.

Expansion of Fanbase

   TRCO's subsidiary WGN-TV signed a five year agreement with The Chicago Cubs
(Cubs) in Chicago. Cubs are a professional baseball team in America. WGN-TV is
Chicago's CW network affiliate that programs news, sports and entertainment.
Under this agreement, the local station will televise 45 games annually
beginning with 2015 season. The new agreement continues broadcasting partnership
for more than 60 years. This agreement expands the fan base for the Cubs and
WGN-TV.

Working Capital Surplus

   The company reported substantial working capital in FY2015. Adequate working
capital could help its short term business operations, enabling it to meet
capital expenditure. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, TRCO's total
current assets and total current liabilities stood at US$1,021.94 million and US
$540.8 million respectively. As a result, its net working capital stood at US$
481.14 million. The company's current ratio (CR) and quick ratio (QR) stood at
1.89 and 1.89. Its CR and QR for FY2015 are sufficient for TRCO to meet its
capital expenditure.
Weaknesses:

Operational Performance

TRCO reported a decline in its operational performance in FY2015, which reduced
its overall profitability. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, the
company reported revenue of US$2,010.46 million, reflecting an increase of 3.1%
over US$1,949.36 million in FY2014. However, its operating costs as a percentage
of revenue increased to 114.9% from 84.6% in the previous year, leading to a
fall in its operating margin. As a result, the company reported its operating
loss at US$299.73 as compared to the operating profit of US$301.09 million in
FY2014.
Opportunities:

Growing Mobile Broadband Subscriptions

   TRCO is a diversified media and entertainment company that generates revenues
from television, internet and mobile advertising. According to the in-house
research, global mobile broadband subscriptions stood at 3.6 billion in 2015 and
expected to reach 7.7 billion by 2021 growing at a CAGR of 15% during 2015-2021.
In line with the favorable market trends, the company announced a strategic
partnership with ATTN:, to expand its digital footprint on social and mobile
platforms. The growing mobile broadband subscribers could drive the company's
revenue flows.

Positive Outlook for Media and Entertainment Industry

   The company is a diversified media and entertainment business entity in the
US. According to the International Trade Administration and the US Department of
Commerce, the US media and entertainment (M&E) industry is the largest M&E
market across the world and the third largest global industry with market value
of US$632 billion in 2015. The US M&E market is estimated to reach US$771
billion by 2019. The US publishing sector is the largest in the world and three
times as large as Germany's. By 2019, digital publishing will account for 45%
all publishing industry in the US. In line with the upward market conditions,
the company entered into an agreement with Fox Broadcasting Company, to renew
the existing Fox affiliations of six TRCO stations including WXMI-TV, KTXL-TV,
WXIN-TV, KSWB-TV, WTIC-TV, and WPMT-TV (Harrisburg, PA). The positive outlook
for media and entertainment industry in the US could enable the company to
increase its revenue.

Restoration of Broadcasting Carriage Operations

   The company owns and operates broadcast stations across the US. Its
subsidiary Tribune Broadcasting entered into a comprehensive agreement with DISH
Network LLC (DISH), on carriage and retransmission consent operations. DISH is a
Fortune 200 company that offers a high definition line-up with more than 200
national HD channels. This agreement restores DISH carriage of Tribune
Broadcasting's 42 local television stations in 33 markets, and Tribune's cable
network, WGN America. The restoration of broadcasting carriage operations could
further grow its revenue flows.
Threats:

Market Conditions

   TRCO is a media and entertainment business that owns and operates broadcast
stations across the US. According to the industry experts, the amount of money
that companies spend on advertising and communications services is highly
sensitive to fluctuations in general economic conditions. During economic
recession or downturn, companies may decide to suspend or make significant
reductions in their expenditure on advertising and communications services. As a
result, the company may face severe pricing pressure, or budget restrictions or
cuts. Besides, geopolitical events, terrorist attacks or political or economic
instability in certain regions may affect its business. Such adverse market
conditions could affect the company's operational performance.

Regulations

   The company owns and operates broadcast stations across the US. According to
industry experts, government agencies and consumer groups directly or indirectly
affect or attempt to affect the scope, content and manner of presentation of
advertising, marketing and corporate communications services through regulations
or other governmental actions. Such regulations may seek to limit the tax
deductibility of advertising expenditures by certain industries or for certain
products and services. There has been a tendency on the part of businesses to
resort to judicial systems to challenge advertising practices and claims, which
could cause clients to reduce their spending on the company's services.
Limitation or judicial action that affects its ability to meet clients' needs or
reduces client spending on the services could have a material adverse effect on
its business, results of operations and financial position.

Rapid Technological Changes

   The company owns and operates broadcast stations across the US. Its products
and solutions are characterized by rapid technological changes, which may affect
its business operations. To compete effectively with its peers, the company
should continually introduce new products that meet and exceed the customers'
requirements. The introduction of products or solutions using new technologies
or the adoption of new industry standards can make existing products, or
products under development, obsolete or unmarketable. Inability to study the
evolving technological landscape and failure to develop new products and product
enhancements that meet the market needs could affect the company's competitive
position.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Corporate Strategy
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Operational Employees               Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

BEACHES DECLARED TURTLE TERRITORY

BYLINE: CRAIG PITTMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 529 words



HIGHLIGHT: The rule for 300 miles of Florida coast may affect permits for sea
walls.


In a move likely to affect the building of new sea walls, federal officials
Wednesday announced that they had designated hundreds of miles of beaches in
Florida and six other states as critical habitat for loggerhead sea turtles.

The areas designated for the turtles stretch from North Carolina to Mississippi
and encompass 84 percent of all known loggerhead nesting areas. However, the
announcement from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration did not include any of Pinellas County's beaches,
which frequently see nesting turtles.

Still, Florida beaches account for about 300 of the 685 miles of beaches now
classified as important to the future of loggerheads, according to Jaclyn Lopez
of the Center for Biological Diversity, an environmental organization that sued
federal officials to push for the habitat ruling.

The Florida segments of the turtles' critical habitat begin with a few Panhandle
beaches near Pensacola and Apalachicola. Then the segments resume in the
Sarasota area, continue along the gulf coast near Fort Myers and Naples,
hopscotch around the Keys, skip Miami-Dade and most of Broward counties, then
meander northward along stretches of the Atlantic coast from Palm Beach County
up to near Jacksonville.

That means the areas will include some areas of the state that have debated
saving sea turtle nesting areas versus saving beachfront homes and condominiums
from falling into the ocean.

"That will be something to consider" during permitting of sea walls and other
erosion-prevention structures, said Susan Pultz, a NOAA biologist who worked on
creating the habitat. Those structures "could affect hatchlings trying to get
off the beach and affect females' ability to get onto the beach to nest."

For instance, it would include the Palm Beach County community of Singer Island,
which protrudes farther into the Atlantic than any other part of Florida's
coastline and is one of the best places in the state for loggerhead, hawksbill
and green sea turtles to lay their eggs.

Beach erosion has been a big problem for Singer Island's condominiums, so much
so that five years ago state and federal politicians were pushing for a $30
million taxpayer-funded project to build 11 rock walls about 200 feet off Singer
Island's beach. Experts said the walls would only slow down the erosion but
likely block the sea turtles from nesting. In the end, county officials withdrew
their application for a permit for the breakwater.

The loggerhead is the most common sea turtle in the Southeast, but like all
species of sea turtles it is considered imperiled. Slow-growing loggerheads are
vulnerable to being hit by boats and snagged in fishing nets. Since 1978, they
have been classified as a threatened species.

The habitat declaration also includes more than 300,000 square miles of the
Atlantic and the Gulf of Mexico, making it the largest critical habitat area in
U.S. history, Lopez said. The ocean area was included because it contains
sargassum, a type of seaweed that provides food, cover and warm water for the
optimal growth of young loggerheads.

Contact Craig Pittman at craig@tampabay.com Follow @craigtimes.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - JIM DAMASKE - Times (2009): The loggerhead, like all species of
sea turtles, is considered imperiled.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

Solid design // DeLeo's budget grants key power to municipalities

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 382 words


COLUMN: IN OUR OPINION

Five years after universal health care came to Massachusetts, the state
continues to struggle with seemingly relentless increases in health insurance
premiums. The problem affects everyone, but it affects cities and towns in a
particularly intractable way, for municipalities are subject to labor agreements
that make it very difficult to simply pass along premium increases to their
employees.

House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo's $30.45 billion state budget proposal, then, is
notable for at least one potential game-changer: giving cities and towns the
power to raise co-payments and deductibles for their workers, and to do so
without first having to obtain unions' permission.

Granting municipalities so-called "plan design" power has the potential to save
$100 million a year. It is the single most important move that the state can
make to grant relief to communities.

The option of joining the state's Group Insurance Commission has been on the
table for some time, but too often the GIC approach came with a very big string
attached - union approval. To their credit, some unions have indeed agreed to
pay more toward their health care. But others have insisted on other benefits or
pay increases in exchange.

Evidence that Mr. DeLeo's proposal is the genuine article came from Raymond
McGrath, legislative director of the powerful SEIU-NAGE union, who told the
Boston Herald: "It's almost Wisconsin-esque, I would say, that they would
eliminate our right to bargain, sit down and meet with our employer on the issue
of health insurance."

It's too soon to tell whether Massachusetts is in fact taking a page from
Wisconsin's book, but it has become clear that if cities and towns wait any
longer for union agreement, it will be too late. The reforms and savings are
needed now, and whether municipal workers wind up with the GIC or something
similar to it, they will still have excellent health care benefits.

In Worcester, granting the city these powers would mean that all employees -
police, fire, DPW, schoolteachers, school administrators, and City Hall workers,
would be paying 25 percent toward their health care costs. That will save jobs
and preserve city services.

We applaud Mr. DeLeo for including the plan design provision, and urge the
Legislature to support it

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Five years after universal health care came to Massachusetts, the state
continues to struggle with seemingly relentless increases in health insurance
premiums. The problem affects everyone, but it affects cities and towns in a
particularly intractable way, for municipalities are subject to labor agreements
that make it very difficult to simply pass along premium increases to their
employees.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Storm elsewhere affects local airport travel

BYLINE: Jon O'Connell, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


Jan. 25--They may not have been able to see the snow in front of them, but local
airline travelers likely huffed at the storm that buried much of the East Coast.

About 34 flights -- or 50 percent of the departures and arrivals at the
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport -- were canceled between Saturday
and Sunday night as airports elsewhere battled monstrous snowfall, said
Executive Director Carl Beardsley.

Only certain destinations were affected, he said, namely Charlotte, North
Carolina; Newark, New Jersey; Chicago and Philadelphia.

Airlines rebooked passengers who had purchased tickets for cancelled flights. As
of Sunday night, flights and departures scheduled for this morning were all
clear.

"We're getting back to normal business operations," he said.

He encouraged travelers with concerns to check the airport's website,
www.flyavp.com, or call the airport at 570-602-2000.

Martz Trailways cancelled most of its bus runs to and from New York City and
Philadelphia on Saturday following a travel ban and stern warnings from state
officials, according to company news releases. Bus schedules had started to
return to normal by Sunday.

The region mostly escaped the season's first significant snow unscathed.
However, the inches on the ground varied immensely depending on where they were
measured.

Accumulation at the airport totalled a diminutive 1.8 inches, said AccuWeather
meteorologist Brian Edwards, a mere dusting compared to other parts of the
state. On the other hand, about 5 miles east in Moscow, accumulation reached 8
inches.

Further south in the Hazleton area, totals exceeded 1 foot. It appeared that the
storm's edge cut directly over the region, Mr. Edwards said.

Looking ahead, the temperature today should be in the mid-30s with sunshine and
into the low-40s on Tuesday with a chance for rain showers.

For the full forecast, see the weather on B10.

Contact the writer:

joconnell@timesshamrock.com,

@jon_oc on Twitter

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160125-YT-Storm-elsewhere-affects-local-airport-travel-0125-20160125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

Crop diversity decrease will affect resistance to disease, drought

BYLINE: Jonathan Knutson, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


Oct. 19--A new study confirms what most people involved in U.S. agriculture
thought already: Crop diversity is declining, as many farmers increasingly focus
on corn and soybeans.

The study, published recently in the scientific journal PLOS ONE and conducted
by a handful of ag scientists from the Upper Midwest, finds crop diversity
nationwide is significantly lower than it was 30 years ago.

That lessening of diversity has important implications for crops' resistance to
drought, disease and insects, as well as for the environment, the report finds.

"Crop diversity is important for several reasons," says John Hendrickson,
research rangeland management specialist with the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Agricultural Research Service's Northern Great Plains Research
Laboratory in Mandan, N.D., and one of the report's authors. "If you increase
your crop diversity, you spread your risk out over multiple crops. It also
provides some benefits potentially to soil health," as well as helping bees and
other pollinators, reducing runoff and providing more habitat for wildlife,
among other things.

Other scientists involved in the project include: Greta Gramig, North Dakota
State University; Mark Liebig and David Archer, Northern Great Plains Research
Laboratory; Frank Forcella, ARS North Central Soil Conservation Research Lab in
Morris, Minn.; and Jonathan Aguilar, Kansas State University, who worked
previously at the Northern Great Plains Research Lab.

The report uses county-level data from USDA's Census of Agriculture, which is
conducted every five years, from 1978 to 2012.

A number of factors, including changes in ag policies and the development of new
ag technologies, contributed to the increase in less-diverse cropping systems,
the report finds.

Though the report takes a national perspective, it focuses, in part, on North
Dakota. It notes that farmers in the state, on balance, are planting much more
corn and soybeans, and fewer small grains, than they did 30 years ago.

But there are pockets in the state where diversity has increased. The growing
popularity of no-till farming practices and increasing problems with Fusarium
Head Blight led farmers in central North Dakota to plant a wider range of crops,
Hendrickson says.

And while the overall national trend was less crop diversity, the Mississippi
Portal Region, which includes parts of Mississippi, Louisiana, Kentucky and
Arkansas, raised its crop diversity in the period measured.

Many farmers in the Upper Midwest are showing greater interest in long-term soil
health in recent years, and attention of the benefits of crop diversity is
growing. Hendrickson says the report doesn't look at that and he's unable to
address it.

To see the PLOS One study, click here.

___ (c)2015 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151019-AW-Crop-diversity-decrease-will-affect
-resistance-to-disease-drought-1019-20151019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2015 Agweek


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Friendship won't affect Sill's game

BYLINE: Jonathan Bombulie, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 407 words


May 01--WILKES-BARRE TWP. -- Given the rapid roster turnover that is the norm in
the league, it is rare for AHL teammates to play together for four straight
seasons.

But that's what Binghamton Senators defenseman Alex Grant and
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton center Zach Sill did after coming in together as Penguins
rookies in 2009 and playing together until Grant was traded to Anaheim last
summer.

Add in the fact that both are Nova Scotia natives, and it's perfectly natural
that they became good friends.

Now, of course, they're playoff adversaries. On several occasions in the first
few games of the first-round series between the Pens and Sens, Sill had Grant
lined up for a big hit on the forecheck but just missed connecting.

It wasn't because Sill was letting up on his ex-teammate.

"We're really good buddies," Sill said. "We're both pretty competitive people.
I'm going to hit him harder or as hard as anyone else when I'm going in on the
forecheck against him. He knows that."

Such sentiments are par for the course in the playoffs, where physicality is
generally ramped up significantly.

"Guys are playing for keeps out there," Sill said. "Because of that, you'll see
the physicality get more intense and more intense. I expect it'll get even more
intense as the series goes on."

RUNNING A 40

When Tom Kostopoulos assisted on Mike Carman's goal in the second period of Game
2, he became the first player in team history to record 40 postseason points in
a Penguins uniform (12 goals-28 assists). Alex Goligoski is second on the team's
all-time playoff scoring list with 34 points.

Among players on the active roster, Zach Sill and Brian Dumoulin are tied for
second behind Kostopoulos with 10 career playoff points.

WHEELING FEELING

The ECHL's Wheeling Nailers swept a first-round series against South Carolina,
moving on to meet Greenville in the conference semifinals starting Saturday.

Max MacKay led the Nailers with six points, Tom Kuhnhackl had two goals,
including the overtime winner in Game 2, and Shavertown's Patrick McGrath had 21
penalty minutes.

STAR GAZING

Former Penguins forward Dustin Jeffrey cleared waivers after Dallas was
eliminated by Anaheim in the NHL playoffs and was assigned to the AHL's Texas
Stars for a playoff run. Texas is the top seed in the Western Conference.

___ (c)2014 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140501-YC-Friendship-won-t-affect-Sill-s-game-0501-20140501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2014 The Citizens' Voice


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 27, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SALERNO JURY TOLD TO AVOID PUBLICITY ON BAIL DECISION

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section A; Page 20, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 419 words


A jury hearing evidence in the trial of Anthony (Fat Tony) Salerno in Manhattan
was told yesterday to avoid any news stories about the decision by the United
States Supreme Court to uphold the detention without bail of defendants said to
be dangerous criminals.

The Supreme Court decision grew out of the detention of Mr. Salerno and an
associate, Vincent (Fish) Cafaro, on the charges in the present racketeering
trial in Federal Court.

Saying ''there will be a great deal of discussion about that decision'' in the
press and on television, Judge Mary Johnson Lowe urged the jurors not to read or
watch anything about it because they must consider only evidence in the
courtroom.

Mr. Salerno, the main defendant in the racketeering trial, has been sentenced to
a 100-year prison term for his conviction last year as the Genovese family boss
on the Mafia's ruling ''commission.''

'Doesn't Affect Me'

The decision has no practical effect now on Mr. Salerno, because he is also
being held for his conviction, which came after he was detained on the present
charges under the 1984 law upheld by the Supreme Court. Nor does it affect Mr.
Cafaro, because he has turned informer and is under Federal protection while
waiting to testify for the Government.

When informed of the detention decision, Mr. Salerno said in the courtroom, ''It
doesn't affect me.''

According to his current lawyer, John H. Jacobs, Mr. Salerno proceeded with the
appeal because he felt that it was an important issue, even though it could not
affect him unless his conviction was overturned in the commission case.

Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, said the Supreme
Court decision, upholding the 1984 law, would be ''helpful in the Government's
effort against dangerous organized criminals and drug dealers.'' He added that
Mr. Salerno provided ''a perfect example'' of the purpose of the detention law.

'Business of Doing Justice'

''The primary focus of the 1984 statute,'' Mr. Giuliani said, ''was on
detaining, before trial, those who by their prior conduct have proven that they
will endanger others while released on bail.''

The racketeering charges in the current Salerno trial include murder plots,
illegal gambling, rigging bids in the construction industry and influencing
elections of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters.

In cautioning the jury yesterday about avoiding news stories, Judge Lowe said,
''We are in the business of doing justice to the parties in the trial.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Anthony Salerno (Photoreporters/Robert Maass)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 7, 2013

                            Remy International, Inc.

                             600 Corporation Drive
                                PENDLETON 46064
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Remy International, Inc. is a manufacturer and remanufacturer of aftermarket and
original equipment electrical components. Brand recognition, diversified
geographic presence and focus on R&D activities are the key strengths of the
company even as dependency on few customers and overdependence on the US remain
major concern areas. Going forward, the risks associated with foreign exchange
rate fluctuations and environmental regulations may affect its business
operations. However, the growing demand for hybrid vehicles and growth
opportunities in emerging global markets will provide ample growth opportunities
for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
BRAND RECOGNITION
Strong brand recognition for the company provides a competitive edge for it over
its competitors in the market. Remy engages in the manufacture and remanufacture
of aftermarket and original equipment electrical components for automobiles,
light trucks, heavy duty trucks and other heavy duty vehicles. The company
distributes its products worldwide principally under widely recognized private
label brands, Delco Remy, Remy and World Wide Automotive. It is one of the
largest producers of remanufactured starters and alternators for the market in
North America. In addition, the company is the largest supplier of original
equipment starters for automobiles and light trucks and alternators for heavy
duty vehicles. Being the market leader across certain segment enhances the
competitive positioning of the company in comparison to its peers.
DIVERSIFIED GEOGRAPHIC PRESENCE
The company's diversified geographical presence is a major strength. Its
operations are spread across 11 countries in four continents. It classifies its
operations geographically into four segments, the US, Europe, Asia Pacific and
other Americas. Such diversified geographic presence helps the company to serve
a huge customer base, ensuring strong top line performance.
FOCUS ON RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Strong investment in research and development has lead to a continuous pipeline
of new products, catering to the changing needs of its customers. Its research,
development and engineering expenditure amounted to US$17,522 million in 2010.
The company uses technologically advanced testing and computer simulation
equipment such as computer-aided engineering, crash sled, math modeling,
noise-vibration-harshness, and vehicle simulations. During 2010, Remy launched a
new Delco Remy 44MT heavy duty starter at the TMC trade show in Tampa, Florida.
Also, Remy International introduced the HVH250, the next generation advanced
electric motor for hybrid and electric vehicle applications based on Remy's
patented High Voltage Hairpin (HVH) technology. The company also initiated
several advanced engineering, R&D programs for next-generation components in all
its segments. It has a network of technical centers world-over employing
designers, engineers, researchers, technicians, and related supporting
personnel. Such strong focus on research and development helps the company to
come up with novel products, which in turn helps to ward off competition.

WEAKNESSES:
DEPENDENCY ON FEW MAJOR CUSTOMERS
The company's dependence on limited customer base for major portion of its
revenues may affect its result of operations, if any of its key customers reduce
or cancel their order for its products. Although, the company serves a large
customer base, it generated 43.6% of its total revenues from General Motors,
DaimlerChrylser, Toyota, Honda and Hyundai/Kia Motors in the FY2010.
Furthermore, during the FY2010, General Motors accounted for 23.0% of the
company's total revenues. The company's dependence on select customers such as
these may affect its business and result of operations, if it is unable to find
alternative customers for its products and services. Also, this overdependence
on select customers increases the bargaining power of its customers, which in
turn may affect its business operations.
OVERDEPENDENCE ON THE US
The company's overdependence on the US for major portion of revenues may affect
its business operations, if the region experiences any political and economical
change. Although the company has presence across several regions worldwide, it
generates a major portion of its revenues from the US. For instance, in the
FY2010, the company generated 60.45% of its total revenues from the US, followed
by 10.62% from Europe, 10.86% from Other Americas, and 18.08% from Asia-Pacific.
Such a high dependence on a specific operating region makes the company
vulnerable to risks associated with that region.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES IN EMERGING GLOBAL MARKETS
Remy will find huge opportunities in the emerging economies such as China,
India, and Thailand. The fast paced growth in these emerging economies offer a
huge growth potential for the company. Despite the global economic slowdown, the
emerging and developing economies recorded high growth rate in 2009 and 2010.
China has surpassed the US as the largest automobile market in the world.
According to the World Bank, India and China are forecast to register 8.0% and
9.3% GDP, respectively in 2011. Rise in GDP normally leads to increased economic
activity in these countries. The growing economy in these countries has
generated new employment opportunities for the residents and has provided a
boost to their earnings. As the company supplies its products to Original
Equipment manufacturers (OEM's) of automobile, and these OEM's are targeting
these countries, it provides an opportunity for the company to improve its
revenue. The company, with its existing built-in infrastructure and brand
recognition, can easily gain market through the introduction of newer and an
extensive line of products in these emerging markets.
GROWING DEMAND FOR HYBRID ELECTRIC VEHICLES
Remy will stand to benefit from the growing demand for eco-friendly vehicles
such as hybrid vehicles. Concerns over carbon dioxide emissions worldwide have
forced global automobile manufacturers to focus on electric vehicles. Demand for
hybrid vehicles is also driven by its better efficiency than conventional cars.
According to industry analysis, the sales of hybrid cars are expected to cross
over one million units in 2011, from 940,300 units sold in 2010. Also, the
market for hybrid cars is expected to cross 2.5 million units by 2015. Already,
the company has taken initiatives to tap this growing market with the supply of
HVH250 electric motors for the new Aptera 2e all-electric vehicle and High
Voltage Hairpin (HVH) electric motor for Aptera. The company's initiatives
around the hybrid vehicles will drive its top-line performance.

THREATS:
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS
Remy is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations. The factors
that affects the company includes the operation and removal of aboveground and
underground storage tunks; governing discharges into the air and water; the use,
handling, storage, generation, treatment, transportation, emission, release,
discharge and disposal of hazardous materials; substances and wastes; and
relating to the investigation and clean-up of contaminated properties. The
changes in the existing laws and regulations affect the material environmental
costs, liabilities or claims. The environmental regulations may affect the
operations of the company and any delay in taking proactive measures to face the
challenges may also affect the financial performance of the company.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISKS
The company operates in many parts of the world and is exposed to the
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Remy conducts its business operations in
many currencies worldwide. Significant part of its revenue is denominated in
other currencies such as the British Pound, Euro, and Canadian dollar, among
others. Although the company has forward currency contracts, there can be no
assurance that such hedging activities or measures will significantly limit the
impact of movements in exchange rates on the company's results of operations.
For instance, during the FY2010, the company reported a gain of US$0.13 million
as against a loss of US$0.83 million in the FY2009 due to fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates. The company's business and results of
operations may be adversely affected, if the company experiences any such
foreign exchange fluctuations.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 31, 2013

                                 Beall's, Inc.

                             1806 38th Avenue East
                                Bradenton 34208
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Bealls is a department store operator. Strong heritage, presence across multiple
channels and employee ownership are the major strengths of the company. However,
limited geographic presence is an area of concern. Furthermore, it faces
challenges from increase in counterfeit products and expansion by competitors.
Nevertheless, it may be benefited from growth of web-based stores and increase
in consumer spending in the US.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG HERITAGE
The company's strong heritage enables it to attract a substantial customer base.
Bealls has been operating since 1915 with the opening of a dry goods store in
Bradenton, Florida. It has since grown to a network of over 560 stores with
annual sales over US$1.00 billion, has a presence in states across the Sun Belt
from California to Florida. The company's longevity has given it a high level of
brand recognition and customer trust and loyalty towards its products and
services.
PRESENCE ACROSS MULTIPLE CHANNELS
The company operates through both brick and mortar and online stores. The
company operates over 560 stores across the US. These stores are strategically
positioned in shopping centers or stand-alone locations to draw maximum customer
attention. The company also operates online shops at www.beallsflorida.com, ,
www.beallsoutlet.com and , www.burkesoutlet.com, which offer the same
merchandise as its stores. Web-based stores help to generate foot traffic for
physical stores and increase company recognition, and both channels are
instrumental in building the brand identity and awareness of Bealls. The company
is able to increase its revenues and improve overall customer satisfaction by
offering more products and services both in its stores and online.
EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP
The company's employee ownership scheme encourages a sense of belongingness
towards the company. Former company president Bob Beall established the 401K
plan in 1986, which enables employees to invest in the company's stock. Many
company employees are currently stockholders and have share in its growth. This
motivates employees to perform well, increases their loyalty towards the company
and reduces employee turnover.

WEAKNESSES:
LIMITED GEOGRAPHIC PRESENCE
The company lacks diversity in terms of geographic reach. The company primarily
operates in states across the Sun Belt from California to Florida.
Geographically concentrated operations increase the business risks of the
company by exposing it to the economic and geopolitical risks associated with
the region. It also hinders growth prospects of the company.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWTH OF WEB-BASED STORES
The company stands to benefit from the growth trend of online retailing, which
provides consumers the convenience of shopping from home, doing away with the
time consuming journey and saving on the transportation cost. With the increase
in interactive methods and limitless content, the retail e-commerce is growing
at a faster rate. According to the US Department of Commerce, online retail
sales increased by 14.80%, from US$144.10 billion in 2009 to US$165.40 billion
in 2010. In 2010, it accounted for a bigger share of total retail sales, and has
been witnessing sales growth faster than the physical stores. By providing
assurance to customers regarding credit card payment security and timely
delivery at minimal cost, more product information and availability, user
friendly features and other technological enhancements, Beall's may further
enhance its online shops. With the company's significant e-commerce presence in
the US and international markets, it stands to benefit from this trend and
increase its revenues.
INCREASE IN COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS
The company's business may be adversely affected due to the huge influx of
counterfeit products in the US. Such a high penetration of counterfeit
merchandise may lower the sales of the company and adversely affect its profit
margins. The low prices of these products encourage more and more customers to
buy the fake goods, which affects the market share of branded goods. Moreover,
as the customers end up buying the counterfeited products bearing the
look-a-like brand labels, the low quality of these counterfeits affects the
consumer confidence and also tarnishes the reputation of the genuine company.
According to The International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition, counterfeiting
costs the US businesses US$200.00 billion to US$250.00 billion annually and
5.00%-7.00% of the world trade is in counterfeit goods. Furthermore, since 1982,
the global trade in illegitimate goods has increased from US$5.50 billion to US$
600.00 billion annually. Therefore, this may be a cause of concern for the
company as it sells apparel and are prone to such threats.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company may be benefited from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to the Commerce Department, the consumer spending in November 2011
increased by 0.10%. Consumer spending in October 2011 also increased by the same
margin compared to the previous month. Furthermore, according to economists
polled by Reuters, spending is estimated to increase by 0.30% in December 2011.
Thus increase in consumer spending in the country may trigger demand for
company's products.

THREATS:
CHANGING CONSUMER PREFERENCES
The company has to face the challenge of changing consumer preferences, and any
failure to anticipate trends may adversely affect its business. Most fashion
products are ordered six to nine months in advance, and this long lead time
makes it difficult to forecast fashion trends with certainty. Failure to provide
products that match customers' tastes may force the company to cut prices and
lower its margins, which may affect the company's performance.
RISE IN MANPOWER COSTS
Increasing manpower costs may have an adverse affect on the retailers, such as
Beall. The tight labor markets, government mandated increases in minimum wages
and a higher proportion of full-time employees are resulting in an increase in
labor costs. The federal minimum wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor
Standards Act (FLSA). The minimum wage rate in the US, which remained at US$5.15
per hour since 1997 reached US$6.55 per hour in July 2008, and further increased
to US$7.45 per hour in July 2010. In addition, the minimum wage rates have
crossed or are nearer to US$8.00 per hour in several states such as Washington,
California, District of Colombia, Oregon and Massachusetts, among others.
Furthermore, the state minimum wages in Arizona, Colorado, Montana, Ohio,
Oregon, Vermont and Washington have increased between 9 cents and 12 cents, in
2011. Also, eight states including Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Montana, Ohio,
Oregon, Vermont and Washington, increased the minimum wages by 28 to 37 cents,
taking the hourly wage between US$7.64 and US$9.04, effective from January 1,
2012. Significant proportion of workers in the retail sector, fall under the
purview of minimum wages. Any such rise in the minimum wages increases the
operating costs of retailers such as Beall's and has an adverse affect on their
profits.
EXPANSION BY COMPETITORS
Department store operators across the US have strengthened their positions in
the market through acquisitions, store openings and product launches. In 2011,
US department store Macy's Inc. announced plans for the expansion of its online
portals, macys.com and bloomingdales.com. JCPenney has plans to open new stores
and undertake renovation programs in 2011, and also introduce brands such as MNG
by Mango, Call it Spring by Aldo and Liz Claiborne. In 2010 Neiman Marcus
launched a mobile shopping site, an enhanced mobile version of
www.neimanmarcus.com, that enables customers to shop from any mobile device.
These retailers compete heavily through aggressive promotional activities, and
on factors such as merchandise selection and availability, customer service,
location, store hours, in-store amenities and price. They are also better
positioned than Bealls due to their large-scale operations, stronger brand name
and superior managerial and financial capabilities. These initiatives by the
company's competitors demonstrate the rising level competition in the market,
and compel Bealls to differentiate itself by investing extensively in marketing
and branding activities, as well as offering low-priced merchandise. This may
adversely affect the company's market share and reduce its earnings.
INCREASE IN ORGANIZED RETAIL CRIME
Organized retail crime is on the rise and this may adversely affect the profits
of retailers. According to a survey conducted by the National Retail Federation,
89.50% of retailers reported acts of organized retail crime in 2010. Though this
figure is below the previous year's figure of 92.20%, but it is still above the
2008 level of 85.00%. In addition, many retailers had cut their staff to reduce
costs during the global financial crisis, which increased the problem. Moreover,
many consumers are now turning to auction sites to find budgeted deals, which
provide a market for stolen goods. According to an estimate by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation (FBI), organized retail crime is costing the US
retailers US$30.00 billion-US$37.00 billion annually. This poses a challenge to
the company's in-store sales and may limit its revenues.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2013


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 1, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Forming storms not likely to affect Crossroads

BYLINE: Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 184 words


June 01--Forecasters from the National Weather Service in Corpus Christi say its
too early to tell if two tropical disturbances, one in the Atlantic Ocean, one
in the Caribbean Sea, will affect South Texas, but the chances are low.

An area of low pressure east of Florida and a band of disorganized storms over
the west central Caribbean have a low chance of forming into tropical cyclones,
according to the National Weather Service.

Environmental conditions for the Atlantic Ocean system are only marginally
favorable for development over the northern Gulf of Mexico.

There is only a 20 percent chance of this system becoming a tropical cyclone.
The storm in the Caribbean has a 10 percent chance of becoming a tropical
cyclone, according to the weather service.

CLOSE

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.victoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110601-VI-BRF-Forming-storms-not-likely-to-affect
-Crossroads-0601-20110601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2011 Victoria Advocate


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

FANTASY SPORTS: Offseason moves affect player values

BYLINE: Kevin Amerman, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 680 words


Aug. 10--It's been a long six months since Peyton Manning hoisted the Lombardi
Trophy and faded off into the sunset.

The NFL offseason featured story lines we're unfortunately very familiar with:
multi-millionaire players holding out for a few more millions; Deflategate; and
Rex Ryan once again over-hyping his Bills before training camp even started --
more smack talk his team is unlikely to back up.

But a new NFL season is quickly approaching and -- more importantly for fantasy
geeks like me -- fantasy football season has finally arrived with drafts taking
place this month and next.

This column kicks off the third year of Fantasy Football Forum and for the next
five weeks, I'll help you get ready for fantasy football's regular season. I'll
continue writing columns throughout the season to assist you in your quest for a
fantasy championship.

This first column reviews major offseason moves and how they affected players'
values.

--DeMarco Murray was a major bust in Philly last season. One year removed from
winning the rushing title in Dallas and racking up 2,261 yards and 13 TDs, the
running back looked stiff and indecisive in midnight green, managing just more
than 1,000 total yards and seven touchdowns. The Titans traded for Murray in the
offseason, an offense that ranked 30th out of 32 teams in total offense last
season -- 18 places below the Eagles. I cannot trust Murray as anything more
than a flex player right now, especially since Tennessee drafted Heisman Trophy
winner Derrick Henry. Stock: Down.

--Lamar Miller had a solid season for the Dolphins last season once he got
going, totaling 10 touchdowns and more than 1,200 yards. That was on 194 carries
and 47 receptions. Now he's on a Texans team that loves a workhorse running back
and finished fifth in rushing attempts last season (Miami finished dead last).
Miller could have a monster season. Stock: Up.

--Ladarius Green has been in the shadow of fellow tight end Antonio Gates for
years as a Charger. But the 6-foot-6 target finds himself in the spotlight at
his position on an explosive Steelers team after Heath Miller's retirement.
Green could reach 700 yards and eight TDs in black and gold. Stock: Up.

--Coby Fleener's move from Indianapolis to New Orleans means he no longer has to
share snaps at tight end with Dwayne Allen. In 2014, the two both had eight
touchdowns. Last year was a wash with Indianapolis quarterback Andrew Luck
injured. Fleener looks to become Drew Brees' new Jimmy Graham and he has the
size (6-6, 250 pounds) to do it. Fleener could be a top-5 fantasy tight end this
season. Stock: Up.

--Alfred Morris' stock is down now that he's second or third on Dallas' running
back depth chart (although if Ezekiel Elliot and Darren McFadden get hurt, he
could put up huge numbers behind the Cowboys' stout offensive live). But Morris'
former Redskins teammate, Matt Jones, has instant increased value. Jones has
little competition in D.C. and is a powerful runner when he makes quick
decisions and finds holes. He racked up 794 yards and four touchdowns in 13
games last season as a part-time rookie. Double-digit touchdowns and more than
1,000 yards seem reasonable given his opportunity. Stock: Up.

--Marvin Jones goes from a run-heavy Bengals team to a pass-happy Lions' team
that needs his big frame (6-2, 200 pounds) in the red zone because Calvin
Johnson retired and Detroit's other starting wideout, Golden Tate, is only 5-10.
Jones won't light the league on fire, but he has a shot at being a WR3 if he
becomes a red zone force. He did reach 10 touchdowns once as a Bengal, but never
reached 1,000 yards. Stock: Up. But only slightly. Don't get too excited.

Next week we'll look at undervalued and overvalued players.

KEVIN AMERMAN writes a weekly column about fantasy football for Times-Shamrock
Newspapers. Contact him at kamerman@citizensvoice.com and follow him on Twitter

@kevinamerman for fantasy football news and updates.

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160810-YT-FANTASY-SPORTS-Offseason-moves-affect
-player-values-0810-20160810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Park Place update could affect government center

BYLINE: Michelle Merlin, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


April 11--TRAVERSE CITY -- The hotel once owned by city founding father Perry
Hannah could get a makeover for the new century.

Traverse City and Grand Traverse County officials will attend a public
presentation about a Park Place redevelopment plan that likely would affect the
Governmental Center on Boardman Avenue.

Developers are planning a public-private venture that could include upgrades to
downtown's historic Park Place Hotel to make it more energy efficient and add a
conference and meeting center. They also envision a mixed-use development that
would include apartments, commercial space, and multi-level parking.

"We are extremely pleased to be in Traverse City," said Robert Thimjon,
treasurer of Regency Midwest Ventures, a South Dakota-based firm connected to
Park Place Hotel owner U.S. Hotel and Resort Management. "We try to do
everything we can to be a good citizen in Traverse City and do what we can to
help the community, as well."

Thimjon will be in Traverse City on Monday to discuss the project with officials
and members of the public. He and city and county staff are expected to discuss
project phases, potential brownfield-eligible costs and other details.

The Park Place Hotel lies just north of the city and county's jointly owned
governmental center and parking lot. The city and county split ownership for the
property; the county owns about 75 percent.

Regency has owned the hotel since 1996, Thimjon said. Company officials first
started thinking about a redevelopment of the property about three years ago,
although Thimjon said he's not done pulling together details for Monday's
meeting and declined to discuss them beforehand.

The development could also include public funding and affordable housing.

Mayor Michael Estes said the plan sounds exciting, although he doesn't know much
about it.

"I'm delighted both the city and the county are exploring this at the same
meeting that potentially can save a great deal of time and frustration," Estes
said. "I'm anxious to hear exactly what's going to be presented because I have
some vague ideas but nowhere near the knowledge I will need to make any
decisions."

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150411-ZK-Park-Place-update-could-affect
-government-center-0411-20150411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The North Jefferson News (Gardendale, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

Sequestration cutbacks probably won't affect local cities much

BYLINE: Robert Carter, The North Jefferson News, Gardendale, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words


Feb. 27--Barring any last-minute compromises between President Barack Obama and
Republican opposition in the U.S. House of Representatives by this Friday, a
process called "sequestration" will trigger automatic cutbacks in federal
spending.

But how much that will affect local cities -- if it affects them at all --
remains to be seen.

The White House released on Sunday a state-by-state list of cuts that will be
imposed if a compromise is not reached between the two sides by March 1. If no
agreement is reached, then the Budget Control Act of 2011 stipulates that
automatic cuts be made to a wide range of federal departments and programs.

Cutbacks to defense spending in Alabama would be the largest category, by far
more than all others combined. The White House claims that the state's military
installations would lose almost $177 million in funding for civilian Department
of Defense employees, who would be furloughed, with Army base operation funds
cut by $91 million and Air Force operations cut by about $8 million. About
27,000 employees would face furloughs that would reduce their work schedules to
four days a week, the report states.

Alabama is home to five military installations: Maxwell-Gunter Air Force Base at
Montgomery, Anniston Army Depot, Fort Rucker near Ozark, Redstone Arsenal in
Huntsville, and the Coast Guard Aviation Training Center at Mobile.

Among the other cutbacks that the Obama Administration claims will be made in
Alabama:

--$11 million in funding for primary and secondary education, "putting around
150 teacher and aide jobs at risk"; the report claims that 40 fewer schools
would receive funding

--Approximately 1,100 children would lose access to Head Start and Early Head
Start programs

--As many as 500 disadvantaged children could lose access to child care, though
the White House does not give specifics of any kind

--More than 2,100 children would not receive access to various vaccines, due to
a loss of $144,000

--About $865,000 in cuts would be made to nutrition assistance for seniors.

Republicans dispute many of the assertions in the state-by-state reports, and
also contend that the federal government would still spend more in this fiscal
year than last, because sequestration would simply cut the rate of increase in
spending because of the longstanding Washington practice of baseline budgeting
-- basing budgets for a new year on what was spent in the previous one, instead
of starting from zero.

Moreover, conservatives are taking notice of a report by the Washington Post's
Bob Woodward -- half of the journalistic partnership with Carl Bernstein that
broke the Watergate scandal story, resulting in the resignation of President
Richard Nixon -- that the idea of sequestration originally came from the Obama
White House, and that blame for doing nothing to avert the automatic cuts should
fall on Obama, not the GOP.

That's all Washington politics, though, to local mayors who are more concerned
with potholes and parks. One local mayor thinks that either Obama or House
Republicans will give in before Friday, much as what happened with the "fiscal
cliff" negotiations in January.

"My jaded opinion is that both sides will come together at the last minutes to
keep from taking the blame for anything," Kimberly Mayor Bob Ellerbrock said.
"We don't get a lot from the feds in Kimberly. What we get typically trickles
down from the state. We get gasoline tax revenue from them, for instance."

Ellerbrock said the only direct effect may come from cuts to senior nutrition
programs.

Kimberly actually faced a similar situation in the past few years, as tax
revenues declined. City employees were cut back to four-day work weeks, much as
the White House claims will happen with civilian defense workers.

"Unlike the federal government, our budget constraints really are budget
constraints," Ellerbrock said.

___ (c)2013 The North Jefferson News (Gardendale, Ala.) Visit The North
Jefferson News (Gardendale, Ala.) at www.njeffersonnews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130227-JH-Sequestration-cutbacks-probably-won-t-affect
-local-cities-much-20130227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JH


                    Copyright 2013 The North Jefferson News


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 14, 2013 Thursday

US Airways-American merger could affect local flights

BYLINE: Dusty Ricketts, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


Nov. 14--Tuesday's anti-trust settlement to allow the merger of American
Airlines and US Airways to proceed eventually could have repercussions at
Northwest Florida Regional Airport, but those impacts likely are years off.

Okaloosa County Airports Director Sunil Harman said it is too early to know what
lasting impact the merger will have on local flights. In recent large airline
mergers such as Continental and United, it has taken more than two years for all
of the details to be finalized.

"If we can retain the status quo, I'll be satisfied," Harman said. "If the
number and frequency that we have today to Charlotte and the number and
frequency we have today to Dallas-Fort Worth would be preserved, that would be
sufficient (for me) to be happy and satisfied, because it adequately serves our
market today.

"Typically, they don't communicate with a small regional airport like us," he
added. "They might talk to a hub, like a Dallas-Fort Worth, or a Charlotte or a
Miami, which are going to have profound implications. Small regional folks like
us, they won't even provide us any information."

American Eagle offers direct flights between Northwest Florida Regional and
Dallas-Fort Worth. US Airways offers direct flights to Washington, D.C., and
Charlotte, N.C.

Although US Airways, the smaller of the two airlines, is leading the merger, it
intends to keep the American name and brand. The new American Airlines will be
the largest airline in the United States.

Harman said his main concern at this time is the impact the merger could have on
US Airways' direct flights between Northwest Florida Regional and Ronald Reagan
Washington National Airport. Forbes reported Tuesday that US Airways and
American have agreed to sell 134 takeoff and landing slots at Reagan.

"I'm concerned about DCA (Reagan) more than anything, but it's bigger than
that," Harman said. "Obviously, you have fewer airlines in the marketplace and
how people can say that's better for the consumer and better for the smaller
cities with a straight face is just beguiling. It just bewilders me."

Contact Daily News Business Editor Dusty Ricketts at 850-315-4448 or
dricketts@nwfdailynews.com Follow him on Twitter @DustyRnwfdn.

___ (c)2013 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131114-FO-US-Airways-American-merger-could-affect
-local-flights-1114-20131114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2013 Northwest Florida Daily News


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              March 27, 2003 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

U.S. JUSTICES APPEAR SPLIT ON TEXAS BAN ON SODOMY;
 RULING COULD AFFECT MISSOURI LAW, OTHER STATES

BYLINE: Karen Branch-Brioso Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS ; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A Texas law that says sex acts for homosexual couples is a crime - while the
same acts are legal for other couples - was challenged in the Supreme Court
Wednesday as unconstitutional.

If the justices agree, the decision could overturn the Texas law and affect
others on the books in Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma. It also could affect laws
in nine states that call sodomy a crime for anyone: Alabama, Florida, Idaho,
Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia.

The justices seemed divided over the issue as they queried a Texas district
attorney and a lawyer for two Houston men charged after deputies burst into
their bedroom in 1998.

Justice Antonin Scalia coached Harris County District Attorney Charles Rosenthal
with an argument that seemed rooted in the Supreme Court's 1986 ruling that
upheld a Georgia anti-sodomy law. That opinion - joined by now-Chief Justice
William Rehnquist and Justice Sandra Day O'Connor - leaned heavily on the
historical perspective that the 13 original states all had anti-sodomy laws and
all but five of 37 existing states had such laws on the books in 1868 when the
14th Amendment was ratified.

"When you have a 200-year tradition of a certain type of law, the presumption is
the state is within the bounds of the Constitution," Scalia said to Rosenthal,
who replied: "Certainly."

But Justice David Souter noted that Texas began to apply anti-sodomy laws to
homosexuals alone in 1973: "So the issue doesn't have a long-standing
tradition."

Paul Smith, the lawyer for the two Texas men, said the law violates the 14th
Amendment's equal-protection clause, because "it limits its focus to one small
minority in Texas."

The Texas Homosexual Conduct law says "a person commits an offense if he engages
in deviate sexual intercourse with another individual of the same sex." In
Missouri, first-degree sexual misconduct is defined as "deviate sexual
intercourse with another person of the same sex or he purposely subjects another
person to sexual contact without that person's consent."

The words "without that person's consent" were added in 1994 - but it remains
unclear whether the law applies if those involved consented. Missouri's Western
District Court of Appeals ruled in 1999 that the law applied only in cases where
sexual contact was not consensual. But since the law covers both "sexual
contact" and "deviate sexual intercourse," Attorney General Jay Nixon asked the
court to clarify that that charges could be brought for "deviate sexual
intercourse" even when participants had consented.

The appeals court did not alter its ruling, so in the Western District,
including Kansas City and northwest Missouri, such charges cannot be brought
against consenting adults. But the ruling does not apply to Missouri's Southern
and Eastern districts, which include St. Louis.

Last year, police in Jefferson County charged six men with the crime after a
raid at Award Video where the men were engaging in consensual sex. Defense
lawyers in the case, heard last month by Judge Mark Stoll, claim the law is
unconstitutional.

PROMO, a St. Louis-based group that has lobbied to repeal the Missouri law since
1986, gave up those efforts two years ago.

"It's a very difficult issue to talk about with legislators," executive director
Jeff Wunrow said. "So after 14, 15 years of trying and not seeing the progress
we had hoped for, we decided to watch these cases coming out of Texas and
Jefferson County to see what might happen through the courts."

A Supreme Court ruling in the Texas case is expected before the court's July
recess.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATIONAL FOCUS; Reporter Karen Branch-Brioso; E-mail:
kbranch@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 202-298-6880

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

Mohegan's Etess says developers' flipflop won't affect tribe's plans for Palmer

BYLINE: Brian Hallenbeck, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


Jan. 03--A dispute between owners of the Palmer, Mass., property where Mohegan
Sun hopes to develop a casino and an early investor in the project who's now
linked with a competing proposal won't affect the Palmer plan, the Mohegan
Tribal Gaming Authority's chief executive said Wednesday.

The Boston Globe reported Monday that the Northeast Group, which is leasing the
Palmer site to the Mohegan authority, claims Peter Picknelly, chairman and chief
executive of Peter Pan Bus Lines, remains legally bound to the Palmer project
though he's now aligned with Penn National Gaming's plan to build an $807
million casino in Springfield.

"Their dispute doesn't have any direct impact on us," Mitchell Etess, the
Mohegan authority's CEO, said of Northeast. "They're the landlord and we're the
tenant. Obviously, we're very concerned about Mr. Picknelly's role (in
Springfield) after his having committed very clearly and very publicly to Palmer
through his investment with Northeast.

"It's very confusing."

Etess said he had not had contact with Northeast regarding the matter and didn't
expect to initiate any.

"It's their business," he said.

The authority is in the process of finalizing its application for a state casino
license, one of three the Massachusetts Gaming Commission is expected to award.
The deadline for the application and an accompanying $400,000 fee is Jan. 15.
The Palmer plan is one of at least three expected to vie for the one license to
be awarded for western Massachusetts. The other two, including Penn National's
and one filed by MGM Resorts International, have been proposed for Springfield.

According to the Globe report, Picknelly informed Northeast last summer that he
intended to sever his ties to the Palmer project. At about the same time, he
emerged as Penn National's development partner.

b.hallenbeck@theday.com

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130103-NL-Mohegan-s-Etess-says-developers-flipflop-won-t-affect
-tribe-s-plans-for-Palmer-0103-20130103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                               Enstar Group Ltd.

                                 Windsor Place
                                 Hamilton HM 11
                                    Bermuda

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Enstar is a Bermuda-based holding company. Strong top-line performance, sound
combined ratio and favorable ratings are the key strengths of the group, even as
its decline in cash position and overdependence on the US remain areas of
concern for the group. In future, changing regulation, intense competition and
natural calamities may affect the group's business performance. However, growing
economy of the US, strategic acquisitions and growing non-life insurance segment
in the US may provide ample growth opportunities for the group.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


SOUND COMBINED RATIO


The sound combined ratio indicates that the group is making underwriting
profits. The group's underwriting segments were able to maintain its combined
operating ratio below the level of 100.0% during FY2015. At the end of FY2015,
the combined ratio of StarStone and Atrium stood at 98.6% and 81.5%,
respectively. A suitable level of combined ratio helps the company to record
higher underwriting profit margins, strengthening its financial position.

STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


The group had reported a strong top-line performance in FY2015. The revenue of
the group increased by 20.2%, from US$826.4 million in FY2014 to US$993.5
million in FY2015. The revenue of the group increased due to increase in fees
and commission income and net investment income. The fees and commission income
of the group increased by 8.8%, from US$35.9 million in FY2014 to US$35.9
million in FY2015. The net investment income of the group increased by 55.4%,
from US$101.4 million in FY2014 to US$157.6 million in FY2015. Such strong
top-line performance will have a positive impact on its overall financial
performance.

FAVORABLE RATINGS


The group has been consistently receiving favorable ratings, which will boost
customers' confidence in the bank. For instance, in March 2016, the group was
affirmed with long term issuer debit ratings of BBB with stable outlook by Fitch
Ratings Agency. The ratings reflects the group's sound business franchise
acquisition and managing non-life run-off companies, favorable earning coverage,
favorable reserve development, financial leverage and strong market position.
Such favorable ratings generally result in lower borrowing costs and increased
access to capital markets.


WEAKNESSES:


OVERDEPENDENCE ON THE US


The group's overdependence on US division for major part of its gross written
premiums remains a cause of concern. Although the group operates through five
divisions: the UK, the US, Europe, Rest of the World and Asia it generates
significant part of its gross written premium from a single division, the US
division. In FY2015, the group derived 65.7% of its total gross written premium
from the US. Such overdependence on the US division may adversely affect its
business performance, if the region experiences any political and economic
change.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the group's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined by 14.7%, from US$963.4 million in FY2014 to US$821.9 million in
FY2015. Decline in cash and equivalents may affect the working capital
requirements of the group, which in turn may affect the group's business
operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The group stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US stood
at 2.4%. It is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. Such economic growth is
likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on insurance
solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the insurance
solutions provider in the US such as Enstar.

GROWING NON-LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT IN THE US


Growing non-life insurance segment in the US will provide significant growth
opportunities for the group. According to in-house report, the gross premium
written of non-life insurance is expected to reach US$1,229.9 billion in 2019.
Increased life expectancy, demographic changes, expanding working age
population, rise in per capita income, rising construction industry,
technological advancements, rising vehicle sales are expected to be major
drivers for the growth of non-life insurance segment. The group, a provider of
non-life insurance products in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


The group is focusing on strengthening its existing businesses through acquiring
companies that strategically complement its existing businesses. For instance,
in November 2015, the group's subsidiary acquired Nationale Suisse Assurance
S.A, an assurance company based in Switzerland from Helvetia Group for EUR39.7
million. This acquisition was to strengthen its position in Belgium and expand
its product portfolio. In January 2015, Enstar's subsidiary acquired Companion
Property and Casualty Insurance Group, a South Carolina-based insurance group,
from Blue Cross and Blue Shield for US$218 million. The acquisition was to
expand its property and casualty business in the US. These acquisitions would
help the group to achieve high inorganic growth as well as enhance its market
position and broaden its product portfolio.


THREATS:


CHANGING REGULATIONS


The group's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the group's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the group's growth and expansion strategies.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Enstar operates in a highly competitive global insurance market, which may
adversely affect its market share and profits. The group competes with its
competitors based on factors such as acquisition and management of insurance and
reinsurance companies, financial availability and business relationship with
insurance and reinsurance industry.. Some of the major competitors of the
company include Catalina Holdings (Bermuda) Ltd., White Mountain Insurance Group
Ltd., Arch Capital Group Limited, Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited and AXIS
Capital Holdings Limited. Such intense competition is likely to put the group's
market position under stress and may keep revenues under pressure.

NATURAL CALAMITIES


Natural calamities are likely to impact the overall insurance industry. The year
2015 witnessed a series of natural calamities in the US and the UK. The US
witnessed floods in North and South Caroline in October 2015, cyclone in
California in September 2015. The UK witnessed flooding in Cumbria and southern
parts of Ireland and Scotland between December 2015 and January 2016.The unusual
spurt in the number and the size of these calamities presents numerous
challenges for the insurance industry. Natural calamities such as these give
rise to uncertainty in the loss estimation process and adversely impact the
operators in the insurance market. Such events may also adversely impact the
company's performance, in the event of the company failing to implement
efficient underwriting practices and reliable risk assessment methods.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 23, 2006 Saturday

NEW SCHOOLS MEAN NEW BOUNDARIES

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: COUNTYWIDE


Five new schools are coming along the fast-growing State Road 54 corridor - and
that means the boundaries are being redrawn for a number of Pasco schools. The
new schools slated to open next school year are:

- Sunlake High School, which will affect the boundaries for Land O'Lakes and
J.W. Mitchell high schools.

- Charles S. Rushe Middle School, which will affect the boundaries for Seven
Springs and Pine View middle schools.

- New River Elementary School, which will affect the boundaries for Chester W.
Taylor and Wesley Chapel elementary schools.

- Double Branch Elementary School, which will affect the boundaries for Wesley
Chapel and Sand Pine elementary schools.

- Gulf Trace Elementary School, which will affect the boundaries for Sunray,
Gulfside and Mittye P. Locke elementary schools.

Maps of the proposed districts are online at http://www.pasco.k12.fl.us, along
with the dates and locations of public hearings in January on the proposals.

DADE CITY

Public meetings on insurance crisis

State Sen. Victor Crist, R-Tampa, and state Rep. Will Weatherford, R-Wesley
Chapel, will have town hall meetings Jan. 3 and 5 to discuss Florida's insurance
crisis. They will meet residents 6 to 9 p.m. Jan. 3 at the historic courthouse
in Dade City. The second meeting will be 6 to 9 p.m. Jan. 5 at the University
Area Community Center Complex, 14013 N. 22nd St., in Tampa. Lawmakers have
scheduled a special session beginning Jan. 16 to consider reforms.

LAND O'LAKES

Gardens village model center open

A new model home center is up at Connerton, featuring Smith Family Homes' model
home for the Gardens, Connerton's second village. The Gardens will eventually
have more than 1,700 homes, and is the second of five villages planned at the
5,000-acre Connerton New Town off U.S. 41. The Smith homes will be linked to a
Gardens Village Center, scheduled to open in 2007, with a library, outdoor
amphitheater and shopping center, among other suburbanite goodies.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN THE KNOW

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                February 4, 1985

Niosh to study mental stress related to computer work

BYLINE: By Mitch Betts, CW Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 497 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI


Taking the first step toward understanding the "mental overload" and stress
experienced by workers in automated offices, the National Institute for
Occupational Safety and Health (Niosh) plans to study methods of measuring the
mental demands of fast-paced information processing jobs.

Ultimately, the research may help managers of office automation projects design
jobs that avoid mental stress, according to Niosh researchers interviewed by
Computerworld.

Niosh officials said the study was prompted by the fact that more than 50% of
the current U.S. work force performs work that is information processing as
opposed to physical in nature, and the work increasingly is automated with
computer-based technology.

"We know a considerable amount about how physical tasks and equipment affect
individuals, but we know comparatively little about how mental tasks might
affect people," said Joseph J. Hurrell Jr., a research psychologist at Niosh
here.

"Cognitive tasks may ultimately affect not only psychological health but also
physical health," he said.

Affect heart rate

For example, Hurrell noted that there is preliminary evidence that high-speed
information processing jobs such as air traffic control affect an individual's
heart rate.

The purpose of the one-year study "Health Risks in Information Processing" is to
develop an index for measuring the mental demands of a particular job.

Once the measures are validated, they can be used in future studies of the
relationship between cognitive demand and stress in information processing jobs,
Niosh officials said.

Demanding job vs. heart rate

The study will involve a questionnaire that asks 330 workers about the mental
demands of their jobs, and researchers will place small heart-rate monitoring
devices on 30 of the workers to test the correlation between mentally demanding
jobs and heart rate.

Hurrell said the subjects will be in the telecommunications industry, which he
said is at the forefront of office automation. Specifically, the workers will be
telephone operators, telephone customer service representatives and data entry
clerks.

Trying to gauge the mental demands of the job, the questionnaire will ask about
office distractions, the amount of decision making and memorization required on
the job and whether the worker must switch between visual and oral information.

Finite mental capacity

The current theory in cognitive psychology is that an individual has only a
finite mental capacity to devote to a task, according to Raymond White, a
psychology professor at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, who is working on the
Niosh study.

"We know that if there are distractions [in the office], that will use up some
of that [mental] capacity, thereby leaving less mental capacity to deal with
one's work," he said.

The study will begin once the White House Office of Management and Budget
approves the Niosh questionnaire as required by the Paperwork Reduction Act of
1980.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 Computerworld, Inc.


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 28, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

How does gay marriage affect you?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 143 words


I recently read the column in your newspaper by Cal Thomas, "Court ruling is
about freedom to govern ourselves, not gay marriage."

He expressed his disapproval of the Connecticut Supreme Court allowing same-sex
marriage. He also mentioned "individual freedom." I totally support that Mr.
Thomas has the right to believe whatever he wants to believe because that is the
individual freedom we exercise in America.

About four months ago, two male acquaintances of mine got married in Atlanta.
Did their marriage affect my marriage? No it did not. Did it affect my
individual freedom? No it did not. Did it affect the personal freedom of Cal
Thomas? No it did not.

So what Cal Thomas is really saying is that he wants to protect his individual
freedom by taking away the individual freedom of another human being. That is
blatant, blind hypocrisy!

N. Dudley Baird

Augusta

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 15, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Question: Will the new discounts in airfares affect your travel plans?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 254 words


Cheri L. Farha, 30
Public rel. consultant
Gaithersburg, Md.

It would depend on what the absolutely lowest fares are. What it sounds like
they have been reduced to is still higher than a year or two ago, when you could
go to Europe for $ 300 or the Midwest for $ 160. It would be a case- by-case
basis whether it would affect my travel plans.

Leon Miller, 64
Retired teacher
Spearfish, S.D.

Sure would, but they shouldn't lower their prices so it becomes an absolute
burden on them. Here, near South Fork, we only have one or two planes a day. Our
little trunk lines are really strapped for money. I want them to make a
reasonable profit and stay in business.

Vickey Thayer, 44
VP, human resources
Omaha, Neb.

The new fares have made us more interested. Unfortunately, we had already booked
our vacation flights for this summer, so we won't be able to take advantage of
the fares. If we could get away for a weekend, we'd definitely consider them.

John Hood, 24
Office manager
Madison, Ga.

I believe it would. I'd be more willing to take a trip now if it's cheaper than
before. I haven't flown in several years because the prices have been so high,
so this might be an opportunity to do so.

LaTina Ware, 27
AIDS educator
Lansing, Mich.

Definitely. It will also be good for business people who travel a lot. The
cheaper rates make it a lot easier for them to take care of business. It's going
to make a difference for middle-income families being able to take vacations. It
will for me.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate; Voices

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; VOICES FROM ACROSS THE USA; The nation's airlines, led by
American, are simplifying complex fare schedules. The result is fewer options
and special deals but lower overall fares. For example, American's Chicago-New
York round-trip fare will range from $ 260 to $ 500, compared with $ 338 to $
854. USA TODAY asked readers if the changes will affect personal travel.

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Mixon will get his chance, though incident may still affect draft stock

BYLINE: Clay Horning Transcript, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 579 words


Feb. 22--Former Sooner running back Joe Mixon will get his chance to impress NFL
scouts at Oklahoma's pro day on March 8.

The news was first reported Monday in the "Labor and Agents" column, which
appears in Street & Smith's Sports Journal.

Mixon, as a result of the punching incident that took place on Campus Corner
during the summer of 2014, for which he eventually entered an Alford plea, was
not invited to the NFL combine, which takes place Feb. 28-March 6 in
Indianapolis.

Had Mixon been invited to the combine, he would have participated over four
days, through March 3, along with other running backs.

"He will be at pro day in Norman ... four days after the combine," Peter
Schaffer, Mixon's agent, the president and founder of Authentic Athletix, told
the publication. "Teams will get everything they need from him out at the pro
day and after the pro day. The fact that he wasn't invited to the combine will
have zero effect on his draft."

Though Schaffer could be right, that Mixon's draft stock will be unaffected by
his combine absence, that still doesn't mean the reason for his absence at the
combine may not affect when he's chosen.

Indeed, Schaffer's announcement about Mixon's pro day plans wasn't the only
thing of value reported in the "Labor & Agents" column.

Rob Rang, the senior NFL draft analyst for CBS Sports was also quoted while
speaking about Mixon.

"Mixon is an exceptional talent who would be very much in the first-round
conversation along with [Florida State's Dalvin] Cook, LSU's Leonard Fournette
and Stanford's Christian McCaffrey, if not for the character concerns," Rang
said.

Rang currently ranks Mixon as the likely fifth running back to be taken in the
draft and projects him to be selected in the third round.

Though Mixon's agent broke the news, it was already presumed Mixon would be
taking part in pro day.

It's not unusual for players who appear at the combine to test out again as part
of pro day, trying to raise their profile. And, of course, it's entirely common
for players not invited to the combine to get their chance at pro day.

What makes Mixon different is his apparent talent and prominence would tend to
dictate a pro day invitation. However, the NFL is not allowing prospects to
participate who have been convicted of any violent crime, be it a felony or
misdemeanor.

Running for 1,274 yards, receiving for 538 and combining to return punts and
kicks for 521 this past season, Mixon set a Sooner program record with 2,331
all-purpose yards.

Also Tuesday, OU announced that spring football practice will begin on March 21.
From there, the Sooners will work toward the spring game on April 8.

Pagano considering OU

Clemson defensive tackle Scott Pagano, a graduate with a remaining year of
eligibility, has announced his intention to leave the Tiger program and finish
his college football career elsewhere.

Though Clemson coach Dabo Swinney believes Pagano's headed west, he has narrowed
his choices to seven schools and Oklahoma is one of them, along with Cal,
Oregon, Nebraska, Notre Dame and Arkansas.

Pagano played 705 snaps for the Tigers. He's been credited with 93 tackles,
eight for loss and 2 1/2 sacks.

"He indicated that he wants to start his graduate degree and play his final year
of college football, probably on the West Coast," Swinney said in a released
statement.

___ (c)2017 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170222-EK-Mixon-will-get-his-chance-though-incident-may-still-affect
-draft-stock-0222-20170222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2017 Enid News & Eagle


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Mixon will get his chance, though incident may still affect draft stock

BYLINE: Clay Horning, The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 583 words


Feb. 22--NORMAN -- Former Sooner running back Joe Mixon will get his chance to
impress NFL scouts at Oklahoma's pro day on March 8.

The news was first reported Monday in the "Labor and Agents" column, which
appears in Street & Smith's Sports Journal.

Mixon, as a result of the punching incident that took place on Campus Corner
during the summer of 2014, for which he eventually entered an Alford plea, was
not invited to the NFL combine, which takes place Feb. 28-March 6 in
Indianapolis.

Had Mixon been invited to the combine, he would have participated over four
days, through March 3, along with other running backs.

"He will be at pro day in Norman ... four days after the combine," Peter
Schaffer, Mixon's agent, the president and founder of Authentic Athletix, told
the publication. "Teams will get everything they need from him out at the pro
day and after the pro day. The fact that he wasn't invited to the combine will
have zero effect on his draft."

Though Schaffer could be right, that Mixon's draft stock will be unaffected by
his combine absence, that still doesn't mean the reason for his absence at the
combine may not affect when he's chosen.

Indeed, Schaffer's announcement about Mixon's pro day plans wasn't the only
thing of value reported in the "Labor & Agents" column.

Rob Rang, the senior NFL draft analyst for CBS Sports was also quoted while
speaking about Mixon.

"Mixon is an exceptional talent who would be very much in the first-round
conversation along with [Florida State's Dalvin] Cook, LSU's Leonard Fournette
and Stanford's Christian McCaffrey, if not for the character concerns," Rang
said.

Rang currently ranks Mixon as the likely fifth running back to be taken in the
draft and projects him to be selected in the third round.

Though Mixon's agent broke the news, it was already presumed Mixon would be
taking part in pro day.

It's not unusual for players who appear at the combine to test out again as part
of pro day, trying to raise their profile. And, of course, it's entirely common
for players not invited to the combine to get their chance at pro day.

What makes Mixon different is his apparent talent and prominence would tend to
dictate a pro day invitation. However, the NFL is not allowing prospects to
participate who have been convicted of any violent crime, be it a felony or
misdemeanor.

Running for 1,274 yards, receiving for 538 and combining to return punts and
kicks for 521 this past season, Mixon set a Sooner program record with 2,331
all-purpose yards.

Also Tuesday, OU announced that spring football practice will begin on March 21.
From there, the Sooners will work toward the spring game on April 8.

Pagano considering OU

Clemson defensive tackle Scott Pagano, a graduate with a remaining year of
eligibility, has announced his intention to leave the Tiger program and finish
his college football career elsewhere.

Though Clemson coach Dabo Swinney believes Pagano's headed west, he has narrowed
his choices to seven schools and Oklahoma is one of them, along with Cal,
Oregon, Nebraska, Notre Dame and Arkansas.

Pagano played 705 snaps for the Tigers. He's been credited with 93 tackles,
eight for loss and 2 1/2 sacks.

"He indicated that he wants to start his graduate degree and play his final year
of college football, probably on the West Coast," Swinney said in a released
statement.

___ (c)2017 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170222-NQ-Mixon-will-get-his-chance-though-incident-may-still-affect
-draft-stock-0222-20170222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2017 The Norman Transcript


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 5, 2010 Sunday

Cloverdale tribe's schism could affect casino plans

BYLINE: Clark Mason, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1307 words


Dec. 05--Who are the real leaders of the Cloverdale Rancheria?

A long-simmering dispute is pitting two tribal factions against each other, with
each claiming to have the legitimately elected tribal council.

The issue is the subject of a federal lawsuit challenging the status quo of the
498-member tribe.

How it will affect the tribe's proposed $320 million casino-resort in Cloverdale
is uncertain.

Casino opponents said the lawsuit raises doubts about the validity of the
current leadership's pending application to place land into federal trust for a
reservation, a prerequisite for building an Indian casino.

"One of the questions we asked in the draft (environmental impact statement) is,
since this lawsuit is taking place, are you confident these people represent the
rightful historical Cloverdale Rancheria?" said Steve Nurse, a member of
Coalition Against the Casino in Cloverdale.

Battles over tribal leadership and membership are nothing new, particularly with
the legalization of Las Vegas-style gambling a decade ago on Indian lands in
California.

In Cloverdale, the animosity between some tribal members that surfaced over
gaming goes back even further.

"Someone told me these guys have been fighting forever and if they ever put
their differences aside they could have a casino," said attorney Steve
Gallenson, another Cloverdale resident who has been active in opposing various
casino proposals in Sonoma County's northernmost city.

"You get any kind of money and investors in and a lot of tribes have had similar
issues," said Dexter Bird, the tribal administrator for the Cloverdale Rancheria
in the early 1990s.

Some analysts say the dispute has the potential to further delay the tribe's
controversial casino project, which has been undergoing environmental review for
two years.

The tribal faction that filed the lawsuit claims that although the Cloverdale
Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe, it was never properly organized with
an adopted constitution.

As a result, the group alleges the elections that brought the current
five-member council to power are invalid.

"The question is, who are the legitimate members of the tribe and who can act on
their behalf," said John Peebles, the Sacramento attorney representing tribal
members who brought the legal action. "We don't think the people in power are
those individuals."

But a spokesman for current chairwoman Patricia Hermosillo said the Bureau of
Indians Affairs recognizes her and her council as the governing body of the
tribe.

"We know who the real Cloverdale Rancheria is," said Hermosillo's spokesman, Rob
Muelrath. "There's no concern from the tribe's perspective."

Cheryl Schmit, a casino critic and director of Stand up for California who
monitors gambling, said the controversy has the potential to delay the proposed
casino project until the matter of tribal organization is settled.

She said that's particularly so "in the current economic atmosphere where
investors and banks are being very careful about lending money."

If the Bureau of Indian Affairs determines that the tribe is currently not
organized, she said there could be repercussions.

"Without a recognized government the tribe cannot, or rather an investor should
be wary of entering any contract with the Tribe," she said, adding that it
raises doubts about whether the leadership can enter into "judicially
enforceable" agreements on behalf of the tribe.

Different factions of the Cloverdale Rancheria have proposed casinos for a
number of sites in Cloverdale, and even as far away as Santa Rosa and Petaluma
in the 1990s.

But the current project appears to be the most viable. Three years ago, the
tribe partnered with Sealaska, an Alaskan tribal corporation with deep pockets
that also is involved in running an Indian casino in San Diego County.

Sealaska subsidiaries have purchased 70 acres on the south end of Cloverdale
abutting Highway 101 that the Cloverdale Rancheria plans to turn into a casino
resort. It potentially would be as big as 596,000 square feet and generate up to
9,553 daily vehicle trips, according to the draft environmental study.

Sealaska declined to comment on the dissension within the tribe and its
potential impact on the casino project.

"It remains Sealaska's policy that we do not comment on the internal matters of
our business partners," Todd Antioquia, a corporate spokesman, stated in an
e-mail Friday.

Assuming the tribe resolves its internal conflicts, and gets eventual approval
to place the land into federal trust to open a casino, it still would need to
obtain a gaming compact from the governor and ratification from the state
Legislature.

Some California tribes have spent years fighting in court over issues of
membership and leadership.

Peebles and a group of five individuals, including Gerad(CQ) Santana, grandson
of late Pomo elder and Cloverdale Rancheria Chairman John Santana, in April
filed suit against the Bureau of Indian Affairs in federal court in San Jose.

They claim the government failed to assist in its obligation to lawfully
organize the tribal government and essentially has recognized a "rogue" tribal
council, led by Hermosillo.

But the BIA said in court papers that the Santana group failed to exhaust its
administrative remedies and the agency sought dismissal of the lawsuit.

The judge in October issued a 90-day stay in the case to give the BIA more time
to attempt to resolve the matter.

This isn't the first time the Cloverdale Pomos experienced questions and
lawsuits over the legitimacy of tribal leadership.

Jeff Wilson, a former San Jose policeman, reorganized the tribe in 1991 and
proposed multimillion-dollar tribal casinos in Santa Rosa and Petaluma.

Those proposals stalled after federal authorities removed Wilson from the tribal
chairman's office in 1994, ruling he was not the rightful leader.

Cloverdale tribal members say their ancestry in the area goes back thousands of
years before white settlers arrived. But in modern times, they trace their roots
to Pomo families who beginning in 1921 began living on a 28-acre rancheria that
was established for homeless Indians.

The Cloverdale tribe was disbanded in 1958 and the land was distributed to some
of the tribal members.

Santana's heirs, for example, own 12 acres that were part of the original
rancheria. It was later returned to reservation status.

In a 1983 court settlement, the Cloverdale Rancheria and 16 other tribes won the
right to reorganize and be federally recognized.

The crux of the dispute lies in the question over which Indians are entitled to
organize the tribal government.

The pending lawsuit asserts that according to the 1983 court settlement, it is
only the lineal descendants of "distributees" under the 1959 plan to distribute
the assets of the Cloverdale Rancheria.

Gerad Santana and his fellow plaintiffs say they held an election in early 2009
in which 78 of those bonafide tribal members voted them into office. They are
asking the federal government to acknowledge them as the rightful leaders.

But in court papers, Hermosillo's attorney said "in essence, Plaintiffs consist
of disgruntled tribal members who differ in opinion with the established tribal
government."

Nancy Thorington, an attorney for the City of Cloverdale, said it is hard to
predict what impact the lawsuit might have on the casino project.

"Until the court makes a decision, or the bureau (of Indian Affairs) makes a
decision, there's no way to know if it will have any impact, or some impact, or
what the impact will be," she said.

To see more of The Press Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press Democrat, Santa
Rosa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101205-UR-Cloverdale-tribe-s-schism-could-affect
-casino-plans-1205-20101205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2010


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

Fuel prices affect many

BYLINE: Frank Sojak, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Feb. 23--JOHNSTOWN -- Everyone wants to see lower gasoline and diesel fuel, said
area businesses that rely?heavily on fuel.

Tom Martin, chairman of Martin Oil Co., headquartered in Blair County but which
has a presence in the Johnstown region, said that the price of fuel has not
affected his company negatively.

Martin, which distributes the fuels and also sells it at its general stores,
said that his sales are up a little.

"We would like to see lower prices, but the price doesn't seem to have hampered
anyone's activities and trucks are still rolling," he said.

Stan McQuaide, president of W.C. McQuaide Inc., a freight line in Richland
Township, said the prices of gasoline and diesel fuel have a direct affect on
the economy.

"When you have to spend more to fill your tank, you have less to spend on
everything else and the economy suffers," he said. "I have not heard one 'expert
economist' mention this as being the root cause of the worldwide recession the
last six years."

McQuaide is taking steps to reduce his consumption of gasoline and diesel fuel
by converting?his trucks to operate on compressed natural gas.

A truck with a natural gas engine costs about $40,000 more than a truck with a
diesel engine, but a state grant will fund up to $20,000 of that cost.
McQuaide's will pay the remainder, he said.

Natural gas burns cleaner, so it is more environmentally friendly, he said. The
engines require less pollution equipment and are lower in cost to operate.
Natural gas is more stable in pricing and is produced locally, so it will not be
affected by foreign influences, he said.

Timothy McIlwain, vice president of McIlwain Charter and Tours in Upper Yoder
Township, said the increased price of fuel has an impact on all forms of
transportation.

"In the charter and tour industry, the ticket price or group price is increased
to compensate for the rising fuel prices," he said. "We have noticed that the
higher the price of diesel, the less people travel and the public, when they do
travel, tend to pick closer destinations."

Group travel to destinations such as Pittsburgh and Washington, D.C., is still
cost effective and popular in this market, he said.

Matt Mlaker, vice president of Mlaker Charter and Tours, Davidsville, said with
the recent increase in taxes on fuel at the wholesale level, his company has
been paying 31 cents more per gallon for diesel and 13 cents more per gallon on
gasoline.

"To fill up one of our charter buses costs almost $800," he said. "Most buses
get filled three or four times a week."

Martin, McQuaide and McIlwain all said that although no ones wants to see the
price of fuel increase, as it did under the new transportation bill, the
increase is necessary to fund improvements to highways and bridges.

Frank Sojak is a reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/FrankNews10.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140223-JO-Fuel-prices-affect-many-0223-20140223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Democrat


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 30, 2006 Saturday

S.F. festivals Sunday will affect traffic

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

LENGTH: 395 words


A variety of San Francisco celebrations will affect transportation on Sunday.

The Portola neighborhood's San Bruno Festival, starting at 10:00 a.m. and ending
at 5:00 p.m., will have people lining up on San Bruno Avenue for gourmet food
from area restaurants, outdoor dining, arts, crafts and a large children's
activity area with pony rides and a petting zoo.

The festival will affect the 9 San Bruno San Francisco Municipal Railway line
and cause San Bruno Avenue from Bacon to Silliman streets to be closed to motor
vehicles until 10:00 p.m.

The Madonna del Lume Blessing of the Fishing Fleet, which has taken place for
more than 60 years in San Francisco, will begin a procession at 1:45 p.m. and
will affect the F Market, 15 Third, 30 Stockton, 39 Coit and 59 Mason Muni lines
and close Jefferson Street between Jones and Taylor streets.

Named for the patroness of fishermen, Madonna del Lume preserves an ancient
Sicilian ritual brought to the United States by immigrants from Porticello. On
Sunday, the church's painting of the Madonna del Lume, a replica of the original
in Porticello, is carried in a procession and the blessing of the fleet follows,
accompanied by musical performances and a Sicilian folklorist.

The 33rd annual Castro Street Fair will take place from 11:00 a.m. until 6:00
p.m. on Sunday.

Muni service on the L Taraval, K Ingleside, M Ocean View, F Market, 24
Divisadero, 33 Stanyan, 35 Eureka and 37 Corbett lines will be affected. Street
closures will be in effect until Monday at 1:00 a.m.

The Castro Street fair was first arranged by Harvey Milk on Aug. 18, 1974 as a
way to unify the local gay community. The fair will feature vendors, live
performances and out-door dance stages.

Radio stations KNBR and KFOG will host the 30th annual Bridge-to-Bridge Run to
benefit the Special Olympics of California.

The race will cause northbound lanes of the Embarcadero between Mission and
Jefferson streets to be closed from 8:30 a.m. until 10:00 a.m. and effect the F
Market, 12 Folsom, 14 Mission, 21 Hayes, 28 19th Avenue, and 29 Sunset Muni
lines.

The race will feature a free concert and post-race amenities including massages,
food and drinks and activities for children. Registration fees apply.

Copyright © 2006 by Bay City News, Inc. -- republication, re-transmission or
reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Bullying at school can affect witnesses;
Some might embrace negative behavior

BYLINE: RUTH-ELLEN COHEN OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: ORONO


Students who are bullied or harassed aren't the only ones to suffer. It turns
out that witnesses to the torment also may be adversely affected, a guidance
counselor said Monday during the Dropout Prevention Summer Institute at the
University of Maine.

Watching someone be verbally abused on a regular basis "affects the brain and
affects learning," said Chuck Saufler, a guidance counselor at West Bath
Elementary School.

Children may experience chronic, low level stress which in turn releases
cortisol, a chemical which damages the part of the brain that affects behavior
and memory. It prevents new brain cells from growing and kills existing ones.

Bystanders to harassment or bullying may feel less connected to school, which
puts them at risk for dropping out as well as for other negative behaviors
including abusing drugs, experimenting with sex, carrying weapons and
delinquency, Saufler said during the first day of the annual two-day event
sponsored by the Maine Department of Education, the Institute for the Study of
Students at Risk and the Alternative Education Association of Maine.

Participants included teachers, administrators and guidance counselors from
around the state who aim to help their schools develop effective dropout
prevention programs and strategies.

Children who witness verbal abuse may feel relieved and think, "'Boy, I'm glad
it's not me,"' Saufler told the group that gathered for his discussion.

But, at the same time they may feel guilty for not interfering and may
experience depression, anxiety, anger and even post-traumatic stress. They may
begin to believe that it's OK to feel afraid and powerless and may perceive a
lack of caring and control from adults, which creates fear, anxiety, disrespect
and a less empathetic school social climate.

"Over time, it's devastating," Saufler said.

Figures from the Maine Department of Education indicate that in 2004-05, 1,739
students or 2.78 percent of students dropped out of the state's public secondary
schools. That figure is up from 2.67 percent or 1,678 students who dropped out
the previous year.

Franklin Schargel, an Albuquerque, N.M.-based consultant who helps at-risk
learners, said at Monday's event that each day across the country more than
160,000 students don't come to school because they are afraid of being bullied
or harassed.

Saufler alluded to that information during his own discussion. "School isn't
always a safe and comfortable place for every child," he said. "Not every kid is
feeling OK about being in school."

Schools can improve their climate in a number of ways, according to Saufler.
Stop telling students to solve their own bullying and harassment problems, he
said. "If they could have solved it themselves, they would have." Instead, ask
students what they have tried so far and then take it from there.

One-time fixes and just talking with students won't work either. "What we're
talking about here is culture change and that needs to be sustained over time to
be effective," he said. He suggested integrating the issue into curriculum,
perhaps having students write journals and reflect on different perspectives.

Other recommendations include:

.  Arranging ongoing diversity training and staff and student discussions.

.  Involving community members through service learning and mentoring.

.  Surveying students and staff to gather data about the climate in the school
and determine the issues that a particular school is facing and how existing
prevention programs are working.

"There needs to be a consistent schoolwide response to bullying and harassing
behavior," he said.

For more information, go online to: www.bullyfreemaine.com and
www.stopbullyingworld.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                            December 6, 1999, Monday

Letters

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 971 words


Effects of Web sales pose danger

Editor:

Your Nov. 22 editorial, ''Don't stifle Web sales with taxes,'' fails to confront
the reality of the Internet. The Internet does not need the advantages you cite
in your editorial - specifically the tax advantages. Many of the top Internet
sites are funded with billions of dollars of investments. They have the legs to
make it on their own - not on the backs of taxpayers and brick-and-mortar stores
that pay taxes.

How does the Internet affect my fellow citizens? It has the potential to lower
the tax revenues of communities from bricks-and-mortar stores closing - that
affects my schools and the quality of life. It already is lowering state
sales-tax revenues. We all know the government will find a way to make up that
revenue on the backs of those who may not be using the Internet, in effect
further subsidizing the Internet. It affects students who may do work-study at
bricks-and-mortar businesses. It affects kids trying to find a summer job at a
local bricks-and-mortar store (instead of some warehouse in central Utah).

You may also want to ask those advertisers in your fine magazine who so loyally
support you, such as jewelry stores or car dealerships. You may want to consider
where your advertising money is going to come from when dot.com companies who
pay no sales tax put your customers out of business.

I urge you to stop propagating positions before thinking about their effects.

David Lurie

Birmingham

Don't change law to benefit large funeral home chains

Editor:

In Terry Kosdrosky's article ''Funeral home, cemetery laws need change, lawmaker
says'' in Crain's Nov. 8 edition, John Desmond, regional vice president for SCI
Management Corp., calls for reform in the funeral industry. What needs to be
reformed? The funeral directors have been consumer advocates since the pre-need
law went into effect in 1986. State Rep. Charles LaSata's bill lowers the
standard that funeral directors have been operating under since the pre-need
bill was passed. Why should funeral directors lower standards? How would that
help the consumers in Michigan or the large corporations that Mr. Desmond
represents?

In the November AARP Bulletin, Lisa Carlson, founder of the Funeral and Memorial
Societies Association, says, ''the entry of large corporations into the funeral
business hasn't helped.'' The article points out that while the national average
for the price of a funeral among independent funeral homes is $5,020, the
chain-owned homes charge twice that. Is that the type of reform that Rep. LaSata
and Mr. Desmond are looking for?

Take a historical look at the pre-need law and see where the violations occur.
Those violating, ignoring and operating around the current laws are the same
people that would have you believe that this lowering of the current standard
would be good for the consumers in Michigan.

We believe that the FTC funeral rule should be expanded to encompass all those
that are in the funeral service and that they should be brought up to the
current level of trusting by a third party. Let's keep a law that has been
working for the good of the consumers since it was enacted instead of changing
it for the benefit of the few large corporations.

John J. O'Brien and the O'Brien Family

O'Brien-Sullivan Funeral Home

Novi

Singapore's drug laws just quicken onset of death

Editor:

Isn't it a stretch to compare starving North Korea, which is threatening the
world with nuclear weapons, with Singapore? (Keith Crain, Nov. 1: ''Singapore's
contradictions: prosperity at a price.'')

Also, Singapore's drug program works even though it's severe. Our program does
not work at all until someone gets caught killing or robbing an innocent person.
The result of drug use is the same in America and Singapore. It is just quicker
death in Singapore, compared with slow death in America.

Also, the threat of death actually may prevent more drug deaths, because I doubt
that more people die of drugs in Singapore than here. Hundreds of people die
each year in the Detroit area because of drugs. Singapore's population is close
to ours; do as many people die there because of drugs? Is the cost to society as
high? Maybe our freedom and ''civil rights'' for drug users are really negatives
for them and us.

Richard Porter

Metro Home Health Care Services Inc.

Dearborn

New Web site helps link grant makers, nonprofits

Editor:

Jay Alix's ''Entrepreneurs must get in philanthropy game'' in your Other Voices
Nov. 8 edition is right on target. Entrepreneurs must get in the game, for
themselves and for their communities.

In late September, we launched GrantMatch.com, best described as a ''dating
service for nonprofits and philanthropists'' (U. S. and Canada). It allows you
to search an Internet portal designed as a repository of grant requests by
nonprofits. As the Michigan business community decides what charitable projects
they will fund this holiday season, their horizons can be broadened by searching
www.GrantMatch.com.

Charities can register on the Web site before Dec. 30 for free and have their
registration and proposals listed for 12 months. A few of the Detroit area
charities listed on the GrantMatch Web site are: Michigan Thanksgiving Parade
Foundation, Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Detroit, Habitat for Humanity,
Dearborn Heights Raiders Jr. Football Club and Detroit Motor City Blight
Busters.

Similarly, grant makers can register on the Web site before Dec. 30 for free and
have their registration and proposals listed for 12 months.

This Web site is designed to increase the ''joy of giving.'' At GrantMatch.com,
we invite the Detroit business community to find a charitable cause, embrace it
and do good.

Lawrence Elkus, CEO

GrantMatch L.L.C.

Southfield

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            January 14, 2013 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

HOW DOES WEATHER VARIABILITY AFFECT OUR ECONOMY?;
ASK THE WEATHER GUYS | WE ANSWER YOUR WEATHER QUESTIONS

BYLINE: Steve Ackerman and Jonathan Martin

SECTION: LOCAL; ASK THE WEATHER GUYS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 305 words


Q How does weather variability affect our economy?

A Weather has a big impact on our economy at all levels - local, state and
national. In our local economy, weather influences various business decisions,
such as when to plant or harvest, when to pour concrete or shingle a roof in
construction projects, or in predicting peak demand for electricity or gas for
home heating.

Weather impacts can be complicated and affect various sectors of the economy in
different ways. For example, a snowstorm may disrupt the economy negatively by
driving up heating and snow removal costs, while boosting the economy through
increased attendance at ski and snowmobile resorts. A prolonged dry spell can
negatively affect agriculture while having a positive impact on construction
projects by helping them to remain on schedule. Weather also affects the economy
by impacting both supply and demand for the products and services of a
particular industry. For example, consider the ice fishing industry where a good
season is determined by the total days of ice on our lakes. A warm winter thus
has a negative impact on that sector of the economy by reducing the supply of
good lake ice.

A recent study by the National Center for Atmospheric Research explored the
economy's weather sensitivity, using weather variability as a factor affecting
our gross domestic product. The study concluded that the impact of routine
weather events on the U.S. annual economy is 3.4 percent of U.S. gross domestic
product - or about $485 billion (in 2008 dollars) for the 2008 U.S. economy!
Overall, precipitation variations had a larger effect on the economy than
temperature.

Steve Ackerman and Jonathan Martin, professors in the UW-Madison department of
atmospheric and oceanic sciences, are guests on WHA radio (970 AM) at 11:45 a.m.
the last Monday of each month.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday

Winter weather advisory lifted for Fayetteville; black ice advisory in affect
tonight

BYLINE: Brooke Carbo, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 867 words


Jan. 23--The winter weather advisory was lifted for the Fayetteville area at
noon Saturday. According to the National Weather Service in Raleigh, a black ice
advisory will go into affect at 6 p.m.

Temperatures in Fayetteville are not expected to go above freezing for more than
a couple of hours Saturday. Any ice that does melt will soon refreeze as
temperatures drop back down into the 20s overnight.

The result will be "some very treacherous driving conditions" that will continue
into Sunday morning, a NWS representative said.

Power outages were still being reported Saturday.

At 12:45 p.m., Duke Energy was reporting 5,329 customers in Cumberland County
without power. In Harnett County, 10,492 customers were without service,
according to Duke Energy's website.

Elsewhere in the Cape Fear region, Duke Energy customers without included 4,850
in Hoke County; 22,845 in Lee County; 5,638 in Moore County; and 800 in Robeson
County.

Fayetteville Public Works Commissioner reported 24 outages Saturday morning
while a representative from the N.C. Electric Cooperative Storm Center reported
a total of 68 outages.

Those numbers could increase, the NWS warned. Northwest winds of 25 to 30 mph
with the potential to bring down more trees already heavy with ice are expected
to continue into the afternoon.

The winter storm that dumped feet of snow along much of the East Coast, hit
Fayetteville and the Cape Fear region than was expected, Governor Pat McCrory
said in a news conference Saturday.

Instead of following the projected path, McCrory said the storm moved a little
more to the east and along the Interstate 95 corridor, leaving a path of ice and
some snow.

"That had an impact on where we initially deployed our resources," McCrory said.

The Highway Patrol stayed busy Saturday morning, responding to multiple
accidents Saturday morning, a dispatcher said.

The dusting of snow on top of icy roads resulted in a number of wrecks in the
county early Saturday, said Gene Booth, Cumberland County's Emergency Management
coordinator.

The roads were "treacherous," early on, Booth said, and residents were advised
to stay home.

Fayetteville police reported no major traffic problems, but ice prompted the
closure of Fillyaw Road, between Yadkin and Reilly, a city-issued release said.

Elsewhere in the region...

--In Moore County, where snow and sleet fall totaled three-fourths of an inch,
road conditions remained dangerous and slick Saturday. Emergency Management saw
a higher than average number of traffic accidents overnight and into Saturday,
most of which were not serious. About 6,500 people were without power and the
shelter at Southern Middle School in Aberdeen remained open as of 11 a.m.

--Highway 87 in Bladen County has reopened after being closed down due to ice
around 5 a.m. Emergency Management in the county received reports of multiple
vehicle accidents early Saturday morning after bridges in the Dublin/Tar Heel
area became iced over. Road conditions in the northern part of the county are
expected to remain dangerous Saturday as snow continued to cover roadways as of
9 a.m.

--Hoke County reported massive power outages overnight Friday, most of which had
been restored by Saturday morning. Emergency Management reported no major
traffic incidents aside from isolated cases of cars sliding off roads and a few
accidents with minor injuries.

--Lee County received an estimated three inches of snow overnight and roads in
the area are covered in a hard frozen layer of ice, according to the county's
Emergency Management. Currently about 2000 people are without power; that number
is expected to increase due to excessive ice accumulation in trees and forecasts
of strong winds throughout Saturday. Traffic accidents are also expected to
increase as Emergency Management reported signs of traffic picking up around 9
a.m.

--In Harnett County, roads have as much as two-tenths of an inch of ice, but
according to Emergency Management, traffic incidents have been minimal for road
conditions. As of 9:30 a.m. Saturday, crews were working to restore power to
another 12,500 people.

--About 30 minor accidents were reported in Sampson County between 5 and 9 a.m.,
and Highway 24 ibetween Clinton and Bonnetsville was closed briefly due to slick
conditions. It has since reopened. Emergency Management reports roads throughout
the county are passable as of 10 a.m., although drivers are encouraged stay off
the roads whenever possible.

--About 10,000 people lost power in Scotland County Friday. A spokesman for the
county's Emergency Management was not able to say how how many had been restored
Saturday afternoon, but believed it to be a majority. Most roads in the county
were cleared overnight and despite light snowfall late in the morning, the road
conditions remained dry and clear.

--Nearly all of the 1,400 Robeson County residents to lose power Friday were
restored Saturday. The western part of the county reported a number of downed
trees overnight, and ice on bridges resulted in a multiple minor traffic
accidents.

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160123-FY-Winter-weather-advisory-lifted-for-Fayetteville-black-ice-advisory-i
n-affect-tonight-0123-20160123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                            January 20, 2014 Monday

Lawsuit could affect sub bids for Minnesota Vikings stadium

BYLINE: Brian Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 643  words


A lawsuit pending before the Minnesota Supreme Court that challenges the
constitutionality of the planned bond sale for the Vikings stadium project could
affect remaining subcontractor bids for the $975 million project, according to
the chairwoman of the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority.

Michele Kelm-Helgen said Friday that about $363 million worth of contracts,
nearly half of the project's $763 million construction budget, remain to be let
for the new downtown Minneapolis stadium.

"Any kind of cloud hanging over this can affect the kind of bids that we get,
can affect the way people look at this project," Kelm-Helgen said Friday. "It's
important that we get this resolved. "

Allen Troshinsky, Mortenson Construction's director of operations, said the
construction team will have to wait to find out how the lawsuit affects bids.

"We don't have another bid package coming out for at least two months," he said.

As of Friday, the bond sale had not been rescheduled. The good news, Kelm-Helgen
said, is that the Minnesota Supreme Court appears to be moving quickly to make a
ruling.

Three Minneapolis residents, including former mayoral candidate Doug Mann, filed
the lawsuit. The filing prompted the Minnesota Management and Budget department
to postpone the planned Jan. 13-14 bond sale.

Kelm-Helgen said the bond sale money is needed to pay contractors and to close
on acquisitions of adjacent properties that are necessary to meet some of the
stadium's parking needs.

The property acquisitions also tie in with plans for the $400 million Downtown
East mixed-use development next to the stadium site.

The MSFA is scheduled to close on the acquisitions Jan. 23.

In court papers, the authority said delays in the bond sale could jeopardize the
planned July 2016 opening. The MSFA and MMB have asked the Minnesota Supreme
Court to dismiss the lawsuit.

Meanwhile, the stadium project team is getting bigger.

The newest subcontractors are: St. Paul-based Harris Cos., with an $86 million
contract for mechanical work, including pipefitting and plumbing; St. Paul-based
Berwald Roofing, with a $3.5 million contract; and "Build 23," a joint venture
of St. Paul-based Gephart Electric and Fridley, Minn.-based Parsons Electric,
with a $58 million contract, Mortenson reported Friday.

Maplewood, Minn.-based MG McGrath was hired for $27.4 million to furnish and
install exterior metal panels for the new stadium.

So far, the project team has awarded about $400 million in contracts, including
about $100 million to women- and minority-owned firms. More contracts will be
finalized in the next few weeks, Troshinsky said.

"There's about a dozen that we have gotten to the point where we have selected,
made recommendations, and now it's going through the approval process," he said.

On the construction side, about 160,000 cubic yards, nearly 20 percent of the
850,000 total, of dirt have been removed from the project site, Troshinsky said.

Crews are also getting started with "drilled piers," the deep foundation that
the building will rest on. Work has started on seven of the 330 piers that
eventually will go in, Troshinsky said.

Next week, crews will start to erect the first of five tower cranes, and the
demolition of loading docks will begin.

"Physical changes to the building will begin to be noticed within the next week
or so," Troshinsky said.

Interior demolition of the 31-year-old Metrodome is progressing, including the
removal and resale of seats. Little Canada-based Frattalone Cos., the demolition
contractor, will reuse or recycle more than 90 percent of "everything in the
dome," including the roof, which will be cut up and reused as tarps, Kelm-Helgen
said.

"It's really already a shell of a stadium," she said.

http://www.dailyreporter.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 31, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Sizing up the trades

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 524 words

Athletics-Reds

Oakland receives . . .

* OF Jose Guillen

Cincinnati receives . . .

* RHP Aaron Harang

 * RHP Joe Valentine

(at Class AAA Sacramento)

 * RHP Jeff Bruksch

(at Class A Modesto, Calif.)

 * How it affects the A's: How badly does Oakland need offense? Consider that it
has been involved in 34 one-run games and 20 two-run games. Guillen, 27, had
been the Reds' top hitter, especially filling in for the injured Ken Griffey Jr.
He will be a huge help for the A's, and he wanted to go -- he had packed up his
locker earlier in the week hoping to be traded. On pace for 35 home runs and 95
RBI, Guillen struggled early in his career in stints with Pittsburgh, Arizona
and Tampa Bay. He started 2003 in Cincinnati as a reserve but gained playing
time in center field and right field. One of the top outfield arms in the game,
Guillen will play right for the A's. The team will mix-and-match its other
outfield positions with Eric Byrnes, Terrence Long, Chris Singleton and Billy
McMillon sharing time. There's also Jermaine Dye (separated shoulder), who could
be back in two weeks.


* How it affects the Reds: Harang, 25, is a promising starter who should get a
chance in the Reds' rotation. He has proved himself at the minor league level --
he had a 2.38 ERA at Class AAA Sacramento -- and needs the usual time to be a
consistent pitcher in the big leagues. Valentine is a promising reliever who had
four saves and a 4.82 ERA at Sacramento. Bruksch was a 10-game winner with a
high ERA (5.13) at Class A. The Reds are in salary-dumping mode and could make a
few more trades before today's 4 p.m. ET deadline.


Rangers-Cubs

Chicago receives . . .

* OF Doug Glanville

Texas receives . . .

* OF Jason Fransz

(at Class A Lansing, Mich.)

* How it affects the Cubs: After landing Kenny Lofton to take over for injured
Corey Patterson in center field, the Cubs have upgraded their bench. Glanville
will play behind Lofton, left fielder Moises Alou and right fielder Sammy Sosa.
It's the best role for Glanville, 32, whose highest average the last four years
is .275 and who has not had an on-base percentage better than .300 in three
seasons. He missed nearly two months this season with a tendon injury behind his
right knee. In his last 16 games, Glanville, who started his career with the
Cubs, is hitting .422 with 13 runs scored and two home runs. His best season was
1999, when he hit .325 with 11 home runs and 34 steals with Philadelphia.

 * How it affects the Rangers: The Rangers continue their housecleaning and
trading Glanville allows them to make room for prospects. Fransz, 22, is a Class
A outfielder who was ranked by Baseball America as the 20th-best prospect in the
Class A Northwest League last season. The Rangers also promoted Ramon Nivar from
Class AAA (Oklahoma City) Oklahoma to take over in center field. Nivar, who was
converted from a middle infielder in June, is a switch-hitter who had 140 hits
this season, second among minor league players. He's a high-average hitter with
excellent speed. He was the second baseman for the World Team in the Futures
Game.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

              November 3, 2004 Wednesday All-round Country Edition

Bush win (slightly) better for Australian investors

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Stephen Ellis

SECTION: FINANCETABLE; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 955 words


A US President's decisions can affect us in many ways, writes Stephen Ellis

AS Americans elect a president today they appear less focused on economic issues
than usual thanks to Iraq and the war on terror. But economic links are still
the most significant way the actions of US administrations affect Australia.

So in the spirit of the economic self-interest that usually predominates on
polling day, what's the best outcome here for the Australian economy and
Australian investors? Four more years of George W. Bush, or a fresh start with
John F. Kerry?

John Howard's answer is not in doubt. He would point to the Free Trade Agreement
and exemptions gained by Australian exporters from some outrageous Bush
Administration tariffs as part of the upside earned by standing firm with the US
in Iraq and elsewhere. But economic decisions made by US politicians affect the
Australian economy in more ways than direct trade.

Shifts in US trade policy can also affect Australian firms and consumers
indirectly by helping or harming the fortunes of Australia's trading partners.
China, which is driving Australian exports, is the partner to watch here.

Macro-economic choices made by the occupant of the White House also have an
effect that spills far beyond the US.

And then there's a raft of "domestic" decisions that potentially affect areas of
the Australian economy -- for instance, Bush's opposition to climate change
treaties, which helps Australia's coal and natural gas industries, or Kerry's
proposal to lift taxes on US companies that pile up profits abroad, which would
encourage US firms with Australian operations to repatriate rather than
reinvest.

But since trade gets all the headlines, it's the place to start. Here, neither
candidate is on particularly solid ground.

Although the Bush administration has made gestures to Australian interests, it
has also engaged in crude protectionism to prop up US firms in markets which
otherwise might be promising targets for Australian producers -- most notably
the 2002 steel tariffs, the huge increase in farm subsidies, and exclusion of
sugar from the FTA. On the other hand, the Bush team has steered clear of trade
jousts with China. It has brought only one complaint, over semiconductor
imports, to the World Trade Organisation and has stood firm on emergency tariffs
for US manufacturing industries hit by the rise of Chinese exports.

Kerry, on the other hand, has signalled an aggressive campaign against Chinese
exporters, using stricter enforcement of trade treaties and many more WTO cases.
He speaks vaguely but ominously about labour and environmental standards in
China. And he has attacked China's artificially low fixed exchange rate as
"predatory currency manipulation".

The reality of today's election -- likely to be decided in a string of
mid-western states with substantial heavy industry, including Ohio, Michigan and
Pennsylvania -- is that whichever candidate wins will be disposed to listen when
US manufacturers plead for help.

Continued -- Page 38

From Page 35

But given the importance of China in Australia's recent economic success, Kerry
poses the greater threat. MrHoward looks right in this instance.

What about macro-economics? The huge US budget deficits will not be decisively
addressed by either candidate. Kerry has at least left open the possibility of
higher taxes, but also plans to increase health spending.

On the other side, you can probably believe this particular Bush when he says
taxes won't rise. In fact, it is conceivable that a re-elected Bush could lift
spending and widen the fiscal deficit further, if the currency and bond markets
stand by and let him.

Eventually, the huge US fiscal and current account deficits will force up
interest rates by a little bit everywhere. And because some investors see
Australia's current account deficit as similar to America's, despite a very
different fiscal position, Australia may suffer collateral damage if a crisis of
confidence over the unsustainable imbalances in the US should erupt.

On this one, Kerry is probably the better bet for all prudent investors, since
he at least acknowledges the fiscal deficit and is open to lifting taxes to
address the imbalance.

But perhaps the most important economic decision facing the winner is Alan
Greenspan's replacement at the Federal Reserve, when the 79-year-old chairman
stands down in early 2006. It is the Fed that has real power over the US economy
(and through it, the the world economy).

The candidates most favoured, if Bush wins, are Harvard professor Martin
Feldstein and former chairman of the council of economic advisers, Glenn
Hubbard. Kerry has hinted that Clinton Treasury secretary and Wall Street
eminence Robert Rubin might be his man. Also in the running are former Treasury
secretary Larry Summers and Goldman Sachs chief-turned-New Jersey senator Jon
Corzine.

Rubin would be the Wall Street choice, but none of the above would unsettle
markets or markedly increase the chances of the Fed suddenly doing a horrible
job at containing inflation and smoothing the cycle.

Finally, what about unexpected spillovers for Australia from other policy
decisions?

The Kerry push to tax reinvested foreign earnings of US firms could be a major
negative, given the role of direct US investment in Australia.

On the other hand, neither candidate's energy policy is particularly
detrimental, although Kerry is more interested in finding a market-friendly way
to curb greenhouse emissions.

What's the verdict? For the self-interested Australian investor, Bush is the
slightly more beneficial choice, barring a complete bond market meltdown over
the US deficit. Just don't tell the sugar farmers.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Titans trade top pick; how will it affect Tunsil?

BYLINE: Parrish Alford, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 234 words


April 14--While the Tennessee Titans held the first pick in the upcoming NFL
draft there was plenty of speculation that former Ole Miss tackle Laremy Tunsil
would go with the No. 1 overall pick.

That will likely change as the Titans traded that pick to the Los Angeles Rams,
it was announced earlier today.

The Rams are expected to take a quarterback, perhaps North Dakota State's Carson
Wentz or California's Jared Goff if early projections prove correct.

The Titans are still in the market for a tackle, but now with the No. 15 pick
that tackle likely will not be Tunsil.

With the Cleveland Browns at No. 2 also in need of a quarterback, Tunsil could
be selected third overall by the San Diego Chargers.

The trade gives the Titans multiple picks early in the draft.

"It's another chapter in bolstering our football team and making it as
competitive as possible," Titans GM Jon Robinson said.

Tennessee now has six picks in the top 76 picks of the draft.

"There are several who are worthy of being the No. 1 overall pick. The decision
to move out of the draft is not to say there's not a clear-cut No. 1 pick. It
was made to give us currency in the draft," Robinson said.

parrish.alford@journalinc.com

Twitter: @parrishalford

___ (c)2016 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160414-TP-Titans-trade-top-pick-how-will-it-affect
-Tunsil-0414-20160414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2016 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             August 18, 2006 Friday

Weather Affects 52 Percent of Economy

LENGTH: 44 words


By Lee Hyo-sik

A survey showed that weather-related volatility directly or indirectly affects
52 percent of the nation's gross domestic product (GDP).

Weather affects not only every aspect of our daily lives but businesses and
economic growth as well, so it has become something that should not be
overlooked when running a company.

"The weather has become more unpredictable and violent over the past decades,"
said Chung Ye-mo, a senior researcher at the Samsung Global Environment Research
Center. "This increasingly unusual weather, such as floods and hurricanes,
greatly affects the economy as well as individual businesses. So the weather
should be considered as a key factor in business management," Chung said in a
report.

The report said financial losses from Hurricane Katrina that hit the U.S. Gulf
Coast states in August 2005 was equivalent to 1 percent of the U.S. gross
domestic product. Katrina also pushed international oil prices to record levels
by damaging oil refineries in Mississippi and Louisiana.

It said the prolonged heavy rainfall that hit Korea last month raised prices of
agricultural produces, such as lettuce, to record highs, raising the financial
burden on households and various businesses.

"According to the U.S. Department of Commerce, U.S. industries, including
agriculture, fisheries, leisure and logistics, which are affected by weather
conditions account for about 42 percent of U.S. GDP," Chung said. "If the same
standard is applied in Asia, industries influenced by weather generate about 52
percent of South Korea's GDP and up to 80 percent for Japan."

This means how to manage weather changes has emerged as an important management
factor for businesses.

The report also introduced several examples of weather management techniques
adopted by domestic companies to minimize weather-related risks and increase
profits.

Samsung Heavy Industries runs the so-called automatic weather monitoring system
and utilizes the information to help its shipbuilding yards better schedule
production and reduce industrial accidents.

Hyundai Development, a leading builder, has also established an up-to-date
weather information network linking all its construction sites so that the
weather-related data can be used in managing construction process, equipment and
workers.

"Companies should first find out what products are affected by weather
conditions. Then companies can introduce measures to cope with unfavorable
weather conditions to minimize losses and maximize profits," Chung said.

Accordingly, the weather-related industry, such as weather forecasting services,
will grow rapidly in the future as more companies consider weather a key
management variable.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

BRIEF: Official: Huron Pepsi plant's closure won't affect Mitchell

BYLINE: Ross Dolan, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 231 words


May 03--The announced closure of the Pepsi-Cola bottling facility in Huron will
have no effect on Pepsi operations in Mitchell, said a company spokeswoman for
Wis-Pak Inc.

Wis-Pak announced recently that it is closing the Huron production facility,
effective May 17.

Wis-Pak, of Watertown, Wis., is a majority owner of WP Beverages, which
purchased Pepsi-Cola of Huron from the Nordby family in early 2009.

The closure will idle about 10 workers at the Huron plant, which is one of eight
Wis-Pak sites across the central United States.

The Huron plant has been producing Hogwash, a juice drink beverage which
accounts for about 1 percent of the company's production output. Keeping the
operation was no longer profitable, said John Uttech, Wis-Pak senior vice
president of supply operations. Huron's production will be moved to another
plant.

Wis-Pak is a majority shareholder in Pepsi Cola of Mitchell, which is an
independently owned Pepsi-Cola franchisee. Mitchell's distribution franchise
will continue being supplied by Wis-Pak production facilities in Mankato, Minn.,
and Norfolk, Neb.

In addition to Mitchell, WP Beverages has franchise distribution facilities in
Chamberlain, Madison, Wis., Rockford, Ill., and Hermansville, Mich.

___ (c)2012 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120503-JQ-BRF-Official-Huron-Pepsi-plant-s-closure-won-t-affect
-Mitchell-0503-20120503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2012 The Daily Republic


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Literature Review on Mechanisms that Affect Persistence of Bacillus
anthracis in Soils

LENGTH: 104  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:


Citation:

U.S. EPA. Literature Review on Mechanisms that Affect Persistence of Bacillus
anthracis in Soils. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Washington, DC,
EPA/600/R-14/216, 2014.
Description:

Report
Purpose/Objective:

Review of recent literature which discusses factors that affect the persistence
of B. anthracis spores in soil.
URLs/Downloads:
Literature Review on Mechanisms that Affect Persistence of Bacillus anthracis in
Soils   (PDF,32 pp, 648 KB,  about PDF)

Record Details:
Record Type: DOCUMENT (PUBLISHED REPORT/REPORT)
Start

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2012 Saturday

Benton County liquor vote could affect McDonald County

BYLINE: Wally Kennedy, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1426 words


Oct. 13--BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Southwest Missouri residents are watching races in
their own state, of course, but two issues on the ballot in Arkansas could have
an impact here.

One is a proposed statewide sales tax to fund road construction, and it could
initiate work on the long-awaited Bella Vista bypass.

The second could affect Missouri businesses and communities along the state
line.

Benton County -- a dry county since 1935 -- could go wet if voters approve a
measure on the Nov. 6 ballot that would allow retail alcohol sales in the
county.

The campaign, which is being backed by two Wal-Mart heirs, could affect McDonald
County, Mo., where liquor and convenience stores and a Wal-Mart Supercenter near
the state line cater to residents of Northwest Arkansas. Some McDonald County
liquor stores receive up to 75 percent of their business from Benton County
residents.

What passage of the ballot measure would mean for those businesses is up in the
air.

Jo Nell Lawyer, former chairman of the Jane board of trustees and now the clerk
of McDonald County village, agrees that the number of Arkansas residents
shopping in Missouri is large. But even if Benton County goes wet, she said
McDonald County could still prove a temptation for Northwest Arkansas residents
because sales taxes will be lower, and for many the Missouri liquor stores still
will be closer. She also said the liquor businesses along the state line have
built up good "customer loyalty" over the years that she thinks could carry them
through.

"I would say it is going to take some revenue, but it isn't going to be too
drastic," said Lawyer. "I don't think it is going to be enormous."

McDonald County Presiding Commissioner Keith Lindquist concurs.

"Since most of the liquor stores are down by the (state) line, I'm sure it will
have an effect ... I think without a doubt it will hurt some, but if people get
to liking where they are going, I don't think it will change that much."

Tempting tax?

The liquor stores at the state line will still have an advantage in terms of
sales tax.

The combined city, county and state sales tax for the retail liquor outlets at
the state line is now 6.225 cents. The combined city, county and state tax is 9
percent in Bentonville and 8 percent in Bella Vista. And that could go up by a
half-cent if the proposed sales tax for road and highway work is approved by
voters next month.

Jane voters in February approved an annexation that would stretch the southern
boundaries of the village to the state line, and take in the Wal-Mart
Supercenter (the only one in the county), Macadoodles and other liquor stores,
as well as an auto dealership.

Sales tax revenue in the village, with a population of 200 to 400 residents, is
projected to jump from $6,000 to $7,000 to as much as $2 million annually
because of a 1-cent sales tax the village approved in 2007, shortly after it
incorporated.

But the annexation is on hold because Wal-Mart is challenging it in court.

"Wal-Mart has objected and they are getting their court time," Lawyer said. "We
are going to court the second day of January."

Wal-Mart officials declined comment when asked about the retailer's liquor
sales, and about the challenge to the annexation. If the annexation is upheld in
court, the combined sales tax for the liquor outlets at the state line would
increase by 1 cent to 7.225 cents.

State line liquor retailers say they are not commenting about the vote in Benton
County. One liquor-store manager, who asked that his name not be used, said,
"We're staying neutral on this. We'll let the voters decide.''

Among those not commenting was Roger Gildehaus, owner of Macadoodles, who told
the Globe earlier this year that 75 percent of his business comes from residents
in Northwest Arkansas.

Campaign sponsors

The campaign to make Benton County wet is being supported by a group called
"Keep Dollars in Benton County.'' Wal-Mart heirs Tom and Steuart Walton,
grandsons of company founder Sam Walton, have been the largest donors to the
campaign. Together, the two have contributed $475,000, according to a report
filed with the Arkansas Ethics Commission.

The group has raised a total of $525,000 from all sources, including local
convenience stores. Through August, the group had spent $517,932. Most of that
money was spent with National Ballot Access, a Georgia-based company that was
paid to collect enough signatures from voters to place the alcohol question on
the ballot.

The company had earlier obtained enough signatures in Boone and Clark counties
in Arkansas to have similar measures placed on the ballots in those counties.
Voters in those counties passed the measures.

The company submitted 56,635 signatures to the Benton County clerk on July 12
for certification. The county verified the required 41,171 signatures on July
23. There are approximately 108,000 registered voters in the county, which has a
population of approximately 220,000.

Marshall Ney, a Rogers lawyer who is leading "Keep Dollars in Benton County,''
said he is hopeful the issue will pass.

"We feel good about it based on the number of signatures we obtained to put it
on the ballot. There appears to be wide support for the measure. If the people
who signed the petition turn out at the polls, we should be OK.''

More than half of the 75 Arkansas counties are dry, meaning they have
prohibitions on the sale of alcohol. Benton County is not completely dry.
Alcohol can be purchased in 130 of the county's restaurants. The restaurants
sell alcohol under private club permits. Residents have to go across county
lines to Carroll County on the east, Washington County to the south, or McDonald
County to the north to buy alcohol in a liquor store.

"This is not about access to alcohol," Ney said. "We already have access to
alcohol. It's the economic impact. It's about keeping our tax dollars here.''

Ney cites a study by the Walton School of Business, which the Walton family
endowed at the University of Arkansas, that estimated the annual influence of
retail alcohol sales in Benton County would be $33 million.

"That's sales-tax revenue, employment and construction -- it's everything that
has to happen for you to see alcohol retail sales,'' he said.

Ney said all of the liquor sold by restaurants in Benton County is purchased in
Washington County.

"That sales tax is being paid there -- not in Benton County,'' he added.

Opposition group

An opposition group, Citizens United to Preserve Benton County, has formed to
combat the ballot proposal. The group is organizing support for its cause
through local churches.

Sam Gaskill, a McDonald County commissioner, is not sure that will be enough
this time. In the past, Gaskill said religious sentiment drove the vote that
kept the county dry, but noted that with the changes that have come to the area
in recent years, including dramatic population growth, the electorate is
different now.

"The old religious effect may not be as strong as it has been in the past," he
said.

But John Gore, chairman of Citizens United to Preserve Benton County, is hoping
the faithful will stand firm and oppose the measure.

"We have emailed, mailed and talked to virtually every church -- more than 200
-- in Benton County,'' said Gore, likening the challenge ahead for his group to
the biblical fight between David and Goliath.

"This is being funded by two of Sam Walton's grandsons. I personally don't think
Sam would have approved of what they are doing,'' said Gore. "If we win, God
will give us the victory.''

Gore's group argues that crime will increase in Benton County, requiring more
law enforcement, negating any additional sales tax revenue the county might
receive if the proposal is passed. The crime increase would stem from more
drunken-driving arrests, alcohol-related fatalities and additional drug use,
Gore's group alleges.

"And, it will hurt us from a social standpoint in terms of lives destroyed and
families destroyed by alcohol,'' he said.

The grass-roots effort is attempting to raise $35,000 for an advertising
campaign that features electronic billboards and TV spots.

"We are doing the best we can to get the word out,'' he said. "We want to keep
the alcohol out of convenience stores. We want to keep the bars out of
downtown.''

Changing demographics

The last time the alcohol-sales issue was on the ballot in Benton County, Ark.,
was in 1944, when the population was 38,000. The county now has a population of
more than 220,000.

___ (c)2012 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121013-JL-Benton-County-liquor-vote-could-affect
-McDonald-County-1013-20121013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2012 The Joplin Globe


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Charleston tragedy affects family with ties to High Point

BYLINE: Paul B. Johnson, The High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


June 18--HIGH POINT -- A former state legislator who was married in High Point
and whose wife is from the city lost his sister when she was killed in the
massacre at a historic black church in Charleston, South Carolina, Wednesday
night.

Malcolm Graham of Charlotte, who served five terms in the state Senate through
2014, said his sister Cynthia Graham Hurd was shot by the gunman who killed nine
people at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. The shooting happened
during a Wednesday night church service.

Graham is known in High Point circles through his marriage to Kim McLean Graham,
who grew up in High Point and is a graduate of T. Wingate Andrews High School.
Their marriage ceremony took place more than 25 years ago at First Baptist
Church on Washington Street.

Graham's relatives through marriage include Oveter McLean, a leader with the
High Point chapter of the NAACP.

Graham told The High Point Enterprise that Hurd was a longtime member of the
church in Charleston where he and his sister grew up.

"Emanuel AME Church is our home church. Our family has been attending that
church for generations," Graham said Thursday afternoon.

Hurd worked as a librarian in Charleston for 31 years.

"She was a beautiful person, very spiritual. Every Wednesday night you can bet
she was in church or Bible study," Graham said about his sister, who was 54.

The alleged gunman, Dylann Roof of Eastover, South Carolina, near the state
capital of Columbia, was arrested late Thursday morning by police in Shelby west
of Charlotte.

The massacre is being investigated as a racially motivated shooting.

U.S. Rep. Alma Adams, D-12th, expressed her condolences to Graham's family.
Adams and Graham served for many years together at the State Legislative
Building in Raleigh when she was in the House and he in the Senate.

"These senseless murders are incredibly heartbreaking. I will be keeping the
family and friends of all of the victims, as well as the entire Emanuel African
Methodist Episcopal Church and surrounding community in my prayers," Adams said
in a statement. "Today we must join together to stand against evil acts of
violence and hate."

Gov. Pat McCrory, a former mayor of Charlotte who grew up in Jamestown near High
Point, said he and his wife Ann McCrory mourned the loss of Graham and his
family.

"Ann and I are shocked and saddened by the senseless acts of violence that took
place in Charleston last night. I especially want to offer my condolences to my
friend and former state senator Malcolm Graham, who lost his sister Cynthia
Hurd," the governor said in a statement.

pjohnson@hpenews.com -- 888-3528 -- @HPEpaul

___ (c)2015 The High Point Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) Visit The High Point
Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) at www.hpenews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150618-HP-Charleston-tragedy-affects
-family-with-ties-to-High-Point-0618-20150618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2015 High Point Enterprise


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

Report: Climate change affects ND agriculture: State prone to more extreme
weather patterns

BYLINE: Michael Hricik, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 668 words


May 10--If what the latest National Climate Assessment concluded turns out to be
correct, the Great Plains states could be subjected to more extreme weather
during this century and beyond.

However, states such as North Dakota can adapt through the use of new
technologies, community-driven policies and judicious use of resources, the
authors stated.

Even North Dakota state climatologist Adnan Akyuz said he believes warmer
temperatures will actually benefit area farmers, especially those growing corn.
Rising temperatures in the north will prolong growing seasons, according to the
assessment.

"I think the more positive implications will surpass the negative implications,"
Akyuz said.

Hundreds of scientists work on the federally mandated assessment every four
years, meant to produce a consensus on climate change and predict national
trends.

In the Great Plains, assessment authors predict "more frequent and more intense
droughts, severe rainfall events, and heat waves" during this century and
beyond. Typically, the Great Plains are prone to more extremes and variable
weather patterns.

The Great Plains is defined by the report as North Dakota, South Dakota,
Montana, Wyoming, Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas.

Climate change may shift crop and livestock production northward in the Great
Plains, as states closer to the equator are projected to be hotter and drier.
Water resources in southern states will be stressed, affecting irrigation,
municipal use and energy generation, according to the assessment.

This may be good news for North Dakota farmers, who may be able to grow
profitable 85-day corn, Akyuz said. North Dakota has gained 1.2 corn growing
days per decade, he said.

As temperatures more often increase past 89 degrees in southern Great Plains
states, corn crops may be damaged, Akyuz said.

North Dakota Corn Growers Association Executive Director Tom Lilja said the
threat of cold summers continues to plague farmers.

"In 2004 and 2009, we had two of the coldest summers we've ever had," Lilja
said. "Those were very challenging growing seasons for the majority of the corn
crop."

Akyuz said it's important to understand that climate change means volatility,
not just warming, causing both heat waves and cold waves. In 2012, the U.S.
encountered its second-warmest year since 1890, but in 2013, it experienced its
33rd-coldest year, he said.

The assessment encourages proactive planning among local government officials
for the effects of climate change. Researchers also recommended "mainstreaming"
planning into natural resources, public health and emergency services
management.

Rep. Mike Schatz, R-New England, said, as a history teacher by training, he
believes that climate changes are only temporary.

"It warms up and it cools down at certain times," Schatz said. "For people to
say that it's absolute science is not correct."

In response to the assessment, U.S. Sen. John Hoeven, R-N.D., critiqued the
Environmental Protection Agency on how it is approaching curbing greenhouse gas
emissions, focusing on regulations instead of investments in new technologies.
The EPA is expected to propose new carbon regulations for coal-fired power
plants as a means to fight climate change in June.

"There's millions and billions of dollars that could go to energy instead,"
Hoeven said.

Hoeven said he is attempting to bring a bill to vote in the Senate that would
provide federal funds for more coal plants that produce synthetic gas and sell
its carbon dioxide byproduct. Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., is co-sponsoring the
bill.

Hoeven referenced Beulah's Dakota Gasification plant as the only
commercial-scale example of such a facility nationwide.

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, composed of thousands of
international scientists, asserts that human-induced greenhouse gas emissions
are the primary cause of climate change.

___ (c)2014 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140510-QX-Report-Climate-change-affects
-ND-agriculture-State-prone-to-more-extreme-weather-patterns-0510-20140510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2014 The Dickinson Press


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

2015 rate increases for Broomfield water won't affect residents

BYLINE: Megan Quinn, Broomfield Enterprise, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


June 17--The Northern Colorado Water Conservancy District next year is expected
to raise the rates it charges Broomfield and other municipal and agricultural
users for water, but that rate increase likely will not affect Broomfield
residents who turn on the taps in their homes or businesses.

The Northern Colorado Water Conservancy District operates the Colorado-Big
Thompson Water Project, or C-BT, which is a source of some of Broomfield's water
supply. In 2015, Northern Water plans to raise rates by 9 percent, which will
cost Broomfield about $39,000 more than last year.

David Allen, director of Broomfield Public Works, said the rate increase likely
will not affect residents in 2015. Broomfield is in the midst of creating its
2015 budget and aims to adjust the water budget to cover the expenses.

Broomfield's finance department will have a better picture of what the water
budget might look like sometime in the fall, Allen said.

The $39,000 increase "is pretty minor" considering the overall water-related
budget is around $16 million, he said.

Broomfield typically pays around $16 million a year for water and water-related
operations, such as treatment, maintenance, administration and utility billing,
he said.

That amount also includes paying for water from Broomfield's other two water
sources: Denver Water and the Windy Gap project.

Northern Water board members decided on the rate increase at their June 13
meeting.

"We have to put more money into protecting our water supply, both in terms of
quantity and quality," said Brian Werner, a spokesman for Northern Water.

Northern Water has been dipping into reserves, especially after some unforeseen
events such as last year's floods and fires, Werner said.

Two of Northern Water's main sources of revenue -- water rate assessments and
property tax revenues -- are not keeping up with costs, he said.

Property tax revenues, which make up about 50 percent of revenues, have remained
relatively flat since 2008, when the recession set in, he said.

Water rate assessments make up another 20 percent of Northern Water's revenue.
Rate assessments are charged per acre foot, or about 325,851 gallons of water.

The board said the water agency has taken steps to control expenses, including
deciding not to fill open positions, but eventually a rate increase was needed,
he said.

Broomfield's Allen said residents might see their water bills go up in future
years, because of operations and water cost factors, but the rate increase from
Northern Water is not expected to trickle down to Broomfield residents in 2015.

Broomfield did raise water rates in early 2013, when residents saw their first
water rate increase since 2008. Average households saw a 7 percent increase in
water rates, plus a $2 per month fee to fund the state's new water quality
regulations set to go into effect in 2018.

The residential flat monthly water service charge went from $8.74 to $9.35 per
dwelling unit, and the charge for water use per 1,000 gallons went from $2.80 to
$3.

Though some water costs are rising, 2014 has been a good year for water
availability, Allen said.

A wet winter and spring means snowpack in the watersheds from which C-BT draws
water are above average, so Broomfield is "well-positioned" for water through
the rest of the year, he said. In April, Northern Water announced it would offer
10 percent more water than originally allocated this year.

The increased allotment allows Broomfield a cushion in case it is a hot, dry
summer.

The C-BT project will offer Broomfield 7,709 acre-feet of water this year
instead of 6,424 acre-feet originally allocated, Allen said.

At its highest, Broomfield's water demand is about 12,745 acre-feet a year. Last
year, peak demand was closer to 11,000 acre-feet.

Contact Enterprise Staff Writer Megan Quinn at 303-410-2649 or
quinnm@broomfieldenterprise.com

___ (c)2014 the Broomfield Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) Visit the Broomfield
Enterprise (Broomfield, Colo.) at www.broomfieldenterprise.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140617-1BE-2015-rate-increases-for-Broomfield-water-won-t-affect
-residents-0617-20140617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BE


                      Copyright 2014 Broomfield Enterprise


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Justices take up trademark case that could affect Redskins

BYLINE:  By SAM HANANEL Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 382 words


WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court is taking up a First Amendment clash over the
government's refusal to register offensive trademarks, a case that could affect
the Washington Redskins in their legal fight over the team name.

The justices agreed Thursday to hear a dispute involving an Asian-American rock
band called the Slants, but they did not act on a separate request to hear the
Redskins case at the same time.

Still, a high court ruling in favor of the Slants could bolster the football
team's legal fight. Both groups argue that it is unconstitutional for the
government to reject trademark rights for offensive speech.

In the Slants case, frontman Simon Tam tried to trademark the name in 2011, but
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office denied the request on the ground that it
disparages people of Asian descent. He sued, and a federal appeals court ruled
last year that the law barring offensive trademarks violates free speech rights.

The Redskins hoped to piggyback on the band's case, asking the high court to
consider both at the same time. The trademark office canceled the team's
trademarks last year.

But the team's appeal has not even been heard yet by a federal appeals court in
Richmond, Va. In an unusual request, the team asked the Supreme Court to
intervene before the lower court acts. The high court almost never grants such
requests.

Tam says his goal in choosing the name was to transform a derisive term about
the shape of Asian eyes into a statement of ethnic and cultural pride. The
Redskins have similarly claimed their name honors American Indians, but the team
has faced years of legal challenges from Indian groups that say the name is
racist.

In the band's case, a divided federal appeals court in Washington, D.C., struck
down a portion of the 70-year-old federal trademark law. The court's majority
said the First Amendment protects "even hurtful speech that harms members of
oft-stigmatized communities."

"It is a bedrock principle underlying the First Amendment that the government
may not penalize private speech merely because it disapproves," Judge Kimberly
Moore said for the majority.

In dissent, Judge Alan Lourie said the decision interferes with the government's
authority "to filter out certain undesirable marks from the federal trademark
registration system."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This photo provided by Anthony Pidgeon, taken Aug. 21, 2015, shows the
Asian-American band The Slants, from left, Joe X Jiang, Ken Shima, Tyler Chen,
Simon "Young" Tam, Joe X Jiang in Old Town Chinatown, Portland, Ore. The Supreme
Court will hear a First Amendment challenge over the government's refusal to
register offensive trademarks in a case that could affect the Washington
Redskins. The justices agreed Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, to take up a dispute
involving an Asian-American rock band called the Slants, but did not act on a
separate request to hear the higher-profile Redskins case at the same time.
(Anthony Pidgeon/Redferns via AP)  In this photo taken Sept. 18, 2016, a
Washington Redskins helmet is seen on the sidelines during the first half of an
NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys in Landover, Md. The Supreme Court
will hear a First Amendment challenge over the government's refusal to register
offensive trademarks in a case that could affect the Washington Redskins. The
justices agreed Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, to take up a dispute involving an
Asian-American rock band called the Slants, but did not act on a separate
request to hear the higher-profile Redskins case at the same time. (AP
Photo/Nick Wass)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Justices take up trademark case that could affect Redskins

BYLINE:  By SAM HANANEL Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 771 words


WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court is taking up a First Amendment clash over the
government's refusal to register offensive trademarks, a case that could affect
the Washington Redskins in their legal fight over the team name.

The justices agreed Thursday to hear a dispute involving an Asian-American rock
band called the Slants, but they did not act on a separate request to hear the
higher-profile Redskins case at the same time.

Still, a high court ruling in favor of the Slants could bolster the football
team's legal fight. Both groups argue that it is unconstitutional for the
government to reject trademark rights for offensive speech.

The trademark dispute is one of eight new cases the Supreme Court added to its
calendar for the term that starts Monday. The court continues to operate with
only eight justices since Antonin Scalia died in February. His successor appears
unlikely to be confirmed until sometime after the election.

In the Slants case, frontman Simon Tam tried to trademark the name in 2011, but
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office denied the request on the ground that it
disparages people of Asian descent. He sued, and a federal appeals court ruled
last year that the law barring offensive trademarks violates free speech rights.

The Redskins hoped to piggyback on the band's case, asking the Supreme Court to
consider both disputes at the same time. The trademark office canceled the
team's trademarks last year after finding they are disparaging to Native
Americans.

But the team's appeal has not even been heard yet by a federal appeals court in
Richmond, Va. In an unusual request, the team asked the Supreme Court to
intervene before the lower court acts. The high court almost never grants such
requests.

Tam says his goal in choosing the name was to transform a derisive term about
the shape of Asian eyes into a statement of ethnic and cultural pride. The
Redskins have similarly claimed their name honors American Indians, but the team
has faced years of legal challenges from Indian groups that say the name is
racist.

The team has also come under intense public pressure to change the name, but
owner Dan Snyder has refused.

In the band's case, a divided federal appeals court in Washington, D.C., struck
down a portion of the 70-year-old federal trademark law. The court's majority
said the First Amendment protects "even hurtful speech that harms members of
oft-stigmatized communities."

"It is a bedrock principle underlying the First Amendment that the government
may not penalize private speech merely because it disapproves of the message it
conveys," Judge Kimberly Moore said for the majority.

In dissent, Judge Alan Lourie said the decision interferes with the government's
authority "to filter out certain undesirable marks from the federal trademark
registration system." He said the ruling would lead to "further the degradation
of civil discourse."

President Barack Obama's administration is urging the high court to overturn the
ruling. The government says the law "simply reflects Congress' judgment that the
federal government should not affirmatively promote the use of racial slurs and
other disparaging terms by granting the benefits of registration."

The administration also argues that the law does not restrict speech because the
band is still free to use the name even without trademark protection.

The American Civil Liberties Union and other groups have supported the Slants
and the Redskins in their legal fights. The ACLU says the government can't
withhold benefits just because it disagrees with the content of someone's
speech.

The Slants and the Redskins can continue using their preferred names even
without trademark protection. But a trademark confers certain legal benefits,
including the power to sue competitors that infringe the trademark. For the
Redskins, the team could lose millions if it can't block the sale of counterfeit
merchandise.

The Redskins say they have an even stronger case against the government than the
Slants because the team already has relied on financial advantages of trademark
protection for many years. The team registered six trademarks including the name
from 1967 to 1990.

The justices will hear arguments in Lee v. Tam, 15-1293, early next year.

Other new cases the justices agreed to take up on Thursday include:

- A dispute over the minimum standards that public schools must meet to help
learning-disabled students.

- Whether state laws can prohibit merchants from imposing fees on customers who
use credit cards.

- The Obama administration's appeal of lower court rulings making it harder to
deport immigrants who have been convicted of crimes.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This photo provided by Anthony Pidgeon, taken Aug. 21, 2015, shows the
Asian-American band The Slants, from left, Joe X Jiang, Ken Shima, Tyler Chen,
Simon "Young" Tam, Joe X Jiang in Old Town Chinatown, Portland, Ore. The Supreme
Court will hear a First Amendment challenge over the government's refusal to
register offensive trademarks in a case that could affect the Washington
Redskins. The justices agreed Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, to take up a dispute
involving an Asian-American rock band called the Slants, but did not act on a
separate request to hear the higher-profile Redskins case at the same time.
(Anthony Pidgeon/Redferns via AP)  In this photo taken Sept. 18, 2016, a
Washington Redskins helmet is seen on the sidelines during the first half of an
NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys in Landover, Md. The Supreme Court
will hear a First Amendment challenge over the government's refusal to register
offensive trademarks in a case that could affect the Washington Redskins. The
justices agreed Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, to take up a dispute involving an
Asian-American rock band called the Slants, but did not act on a separate
request to hear the higher-profile Redskins case at the same time. (AP
Photo/Nick Wass)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Justices take up trademark case that could affect Redskins

BYLINE:  By SAM HANANEL Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 236 words


WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court is taking up a First Amendment clash over the
government's refusal to register offensive trademarks, a case that could affect
the Washington Redskins in their legal fight over the team name.

The justices agreed Thursday to hear a dispute involving an Asian-American rock
band called the Slants, but they did not act on a separate request to hear the
Redskins case at the same time.

In the Slants case, frontman Simon Tam tried to trademark the name in 2011, but
the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office denied the request on the ground that it
disparages people of Asian descent. He sued, and a federal appeals court ruled
last year that the law barring offensive trademarks violates free speech rights.

The Redskins hoped to piggyback on the band's case, asking the Supreme Court to
consider both disputes at the same time. The trademark office canceled the
team's trademarks last year.

But the team's appeal has not even been heard yet by a federal appeals court in
Richmond, Va. In an unusual request, the team asked the Supreme Court to
intervene before the lower court acts. The high court almost never grants such
requests.

In the band's case, a divided federal appeals court in Washington, D.C., struck
down a portion of the 70-year-old federal trademark law. The court's majority
said the First Amendment protects "even hurtful speech that harms members of
oft-stigmatized communities."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This photo provided by Anthony Pidgeon, taken Aug. 21, 2015, shows the
Asian-American band The Slants, from left, Joe X Jiang, Ken Shima, Tyler Chen,
Simon "Young" Tam, Joe X Jiang in Old Town Chinatown, Portland, Ore. The Supreme
Court will hear a First Amendment challenge over the government's refusal to
register offensive trademarks in a case that could affect the Washington
Redskins. The justices agreed Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, to take up a dispute
involving an Asian-American rock band called the Slants, but did not act on a
separate request to hear the higher-profile Redskins case at the same time.
(Anthony Pidgeon/Redferns via AP)  In this photo taken Sept. 18, 2016, a
Washington Redskins helmet is seen on the sidelines during the first half of an
NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys in Landover, Md. The Supreme Court
will hear a First Amendment challenge over the government's refusal to register
offensive trademarks in a case that could affect the Washington Redskins. The
justices agreed Thursday, Sept. 29, 2016, to take up a dispute involving an
Asian-American rock band called the Slants, but did not act on a separate
request to hear the higher-profile Redskins case at the same time. (AP
Photo/Nick Wass)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Abortion bill won't affect Wisconsin clinics, operators say

BYLINE: By Andrew Hahn Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 651 words


Legislation that would ban abortions after 20 weeks from fertilization would not
affect operations at the state's four clinics that perform abortions, according
to officials from the clinics.

Kathy King, the medical director of Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin and an
assistant professor at the Medical College of Wisconsin, said those clinics
don't perform the procedure after that point in a pregnancy. Those cases are
handled in hospitals and are typically considered a medical necessity.

"Even though (the bill) doesn't affect large numbers of women and families,
those that it does affect may be the most vulnerable because these are
circumstances where the woman's health is severely threatened or the fetus
essentially is nonviable," King said.

Operators of a separate Milwaukee clinic also confirmed they do not do abortions
after 20 weeks. If a woman wants one, they refer her to out-of-state clinics.

Donna Harrison, a doctor and executive director of the American Association of
Pro-Life Obstetricians and Gynecologists, said the bill would not prevent women
from getting necessary medical treatment. The bill outlaws optional abortions,
she said. When they aren't optional, it asks doctors to choose a method that
gives the fetus the best chance of survival.

"An elective abortion is not a lifesaving procedure," Harrison said. "An
elective abortion is designed specifically to produce a dead baby. A lifesaving
procedure is designed to produce a living mom and, if possible, a living baby.
It's completely different procedures."

Under the bill, doctors convicted of performing abortions after 20 weeks of
conception would face up to 31/2 years in prison and a fine of as much as
$10,000. Senate President Mary Lazich (R-New Berlin), who authored the bill,
said it would prevent fetuses from feeling pain.

At a public hearing this month, doctors on both sides of the issue gave
contradictory testimony as to whether fetuses at that stage of development are
capable of feeling pain.

Court loss likely

The Senate approved the bill; Assembly leaders have not decided whether to take
it up in June or the fall.

The measure would almost certainly be struck down by a federal trial court if a
lawsuit against the measure is eventually brought, legal experts told the
Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.

Only the U.S. Supreme Court could uphold the measure, which carries no
exemptions for rape, incest or the health of the mother, the constitutional law
experts said. For district and appellate judges, existing Supreme Court
precedent leaves them little leeway to sustain the legislation.

Of the 14 states that have already passed similar legislation, opponents of the
laws have brought challenges in three states, and the laws have been blocked
there. There have not been more challenges in the remaining states because of
difficulties finding potential plaintiffs with the legal standing to sue.

In Wisconsin, King said: "I'm aware of several physicians in the community that
do provide those services, and (legal action) is obviously something that we as
a whole would have to look at. I am among a group of physicians that do provide
these services in a hospital setting."

Affiliated Medical Services in Milwaukee provides abortions up to 20 weeks after
conception. After that, patients are referred to out-of-state clinics that do
abortions later in pregnancy.

"We do deal with young women who may be in denial about the pregnancy, we may
deal with women who have been sexually assaulted and are fearful about coming
out with the pregnancy, but a good majority of women that we see in those later
terms are fetal anomaly," said Wendie Ashlock, the clinic's director.

Affiliated is a plaintiff in an existing lawsuit against a 2013 law that
requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a
hospital within 30 miles of the doctor's practice. A judge in that case has
blocked the law from taking effect.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Wisconsin Capitol in Madison (AP Photo/Wisconsin State Journal,
M.P. King, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Chesapeake Bay health affects us

BYLINE: The Sentinel, Carlisle, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 455 words


June 17--The drainage of Cumberland County's creeks and rivers are linchpins to
the health of the Chesapeake Bay. The vital tidal basin might be out of sight --
and perhaps out of mind -- to many county residents, but the impact each of us
make on that magnificent work of nature can't be underestimated.

The state of our environment here is intricately connected with the health of
the bay. Monday, in the Maryland capital of Annapolis, governors from Maryland,
Virginia, West Virginia and Pennsylvania and representatives from the District
of Columbia and the Environmental Protection Agency signed the third update of a
1983 agreement regarding bay restoration targets.

That's welcome action on an issue affecting every resident up and down the
gradient feeding the threatened East Coast estuary.

But the signing of the Chesapeake Bay Executive Council agreement comes less
than a week after the release of a report by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation and a
coalition of citizen groups concerned with water quality who are critical of
Pennsylvania's participation in bay restoration.

The report claims funding and staffing reductions in essential agricultural best
practices at the state Department of Environmental Protection share the blame
for Pennsylvania not reaching several goals established for water runoff and
pollution from agricultural water.

Worse, the report says the state is nowhere near meeting the Chesapeake Clean
Water Blueprint established by the EPA in 2010 to meet major chemical and
sediment reduction benchmarks by 2017.

Harry Campbell, executive director of Chesapeake Bay Foundation Pennsylvanian,
cited our state as "the largest contributor of nitrogen pollution" damaging the
bay, and stressed that the efforts begin "in our own backyards and in
Pennsylvania's rivers and streams. Investments made here have benefits here --
protecting drinking water and human health, improving the quality of life in
local communities, and improving agricultural production."

There have been significant gains: the report said the state met or exceeded
goals regarding barnyard runoff controls, stormwater infiltration practices,
wastewater treatment plants, and conservation plans but fell far short when it
came to conservation tillage, and erosion and sediment control.

Let's hope the signing of the bay restoration agreement update refocuses our
efforts.

Out of sight, out of mind is an irresponsible attitude regarding the Chesapeake.
Ensuring the future health of the bay is an inherited responsibility of all
Pennsylvanians, not just those living within the fragile bay's watershed.

___ (c)2014 The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) Visit The Sentinel (Carlisle, Pa.) at
www.cumberlink.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140617-JV-EDITORIAL-Chesapeake-Bay-health-affects-us-0617-20140617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JV


                          Copyright 2014 The Sentinel


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     November 2, 2000, Thursday, Edition 1

FOOTBALL NOTES JACKSONVILLE BEATS OUT MIAMI FOR 2005 SUPER BOWL

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 440 words



Houston, Detroit

also land game in

uncontested bids

Jacksonville's ship came in yesterday. With the help of some shipping companies
that will bring in 10 cruise ships to help provide rooms, NFL owners voted in
Atlanta to bring the Super Bowl to north Florida for the first time.

Jacksonville beat out Miami, which has played host to eight Super Bowls, in a
closely contested race for the 2005 game.

As expected, the owners gave the 2004 Super Bowl to Houston and the 2006 game to
Detroit, rewarding both cities for building new stadiums. Neither had
opposition.

INJURY UPDATES: The Seattle Seahawks' leading rusher, Ricky Watters, is listed
as
 questionable for Sunday's game because of an injured toe. . . .
 St. Louis running back Marshall Faulk said he's not considering
 surgery until after the season unless the piece of cartilage that
 came loose in the knee lodged in a place that affects his
 mobility. . . . Titans running back Eddie George didn't aggravate
 his sore knee against the Redskins, but he did do harm to the
 rest of his right leg. George slightly twisted his ankle near the
 end of the Titans' 27-21 victory over the Redskins on Monday
 night.

 IN DEFENCE OF GRIESE: Denver Broncos coach Mike Shanahan stated flatly that
quarterback
 Brian Griese's arrest for driving under the influence "won't
 affect the team. I will guarantee you that."

 Shanahan said yesterday that the only question is whether the legal troubles
affect Griese himself.

"I think it's human nature to have it affect you a little bit, any time you deal
with a situation like that," the coach said.

RAMMING WHITE'S DECISION: St. Louis Rams coach Mike Martz suggested yesterday
that Reggie
 White should have stayed out of football.

 Martz, whose team plays White and the Carolina Panthers on Sunday night, was
critical of White's contribution to the Carolina defence. Martz said White has
been "very inconsistent."

"He at times will make some great plays," Martz said. "He's a guy that is at the
end of his career."

White, 38, came out of retirement this season after taking a year off from the
game. He has 12 solo tackles, 10 assists and 3 1/2 sacks.

DR. PINBALL TO YOU: Coach Clemons will become Dr. Pinball this weekend.

 That's when York University confers an honorary doctorate degree on Toronto
Argonaut head coach Pinball Clemons.

PLAYER OF WEEK: Saskatchewan Roughriders running back Darren Davis was named the

 CFL's player of the week yesterday after he ran for 220 yards in
 a 54-52 overtime win over Edmonton.

 WITH FILES FROM STAR WIRE SERVICES


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 1, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

TRADE ANALYSES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 781 words


DODGERS-TWINS DODGERS GET . . .
RHP Kevin Tapani
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   6-11  133 2/3  0  88  4.92

LHP Mark Guthrie
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   5-3    42 1/3  0  48  4.46

How it affects the Dodgers: The Dodgers waited until they saw Colorado made a
major addition (Bret Saberhagen) and decided they had better make a move
themselves. Dodgers pitching has been excellent this season, but Tapani, 31,
rounds out the rotation with someone with post-season experience. None of the
prospects figured to have more than a marginal role. TWINS GET . . .
3B Ron Coomer, RHP Greg Hansell and RHP Jose Parra all from Albuquerque (AAA)
How it affects the Twins: The Twins parted with a large salary ($ 3.6 million
this season). Coomer has been a minor-league star (.338, 23 HR last year).
Hansel and Parra are borderline bullpen candidates.

BRAVES-RED SOX RED SOX GET . . .
LHP Mike Stanton
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   1-1   19 1/3   1  13  5.59

How it affects the Red Sox: LHP Mike Stanton's arrival will give the Red Sox
added depth in the bullpen so that they can move either LHP Rheal Cormier or RHP
Mike Maddux to the rotation, which is hurting, including RHP Roger Clemens'
elbow problem. BRAVES GET . . .
Player to be named How it affects the Braves: LHP Pedro Borbon has stepped into
Stanton's old role and done well. Manager Bobby Cox lost confidence in Stanton,
and made RHP Mark Wohlers the closer.

REDS-TIGERS REDS GET . . .
LHP David Wells
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   10-3  130 1/3  0  83  3.04

How it affects the Reds: Hurting for starting pitching because ace RH Jose Rijo
might be out for the season with a bad elbow, the Reds land an All-Star. The
Reds see Wells as a potential playoff plus against the Braves' LH power. TIGERS
GET . . .
LHP C.J. Nitkowski
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   1-3   32 1/3   0  18  6.12

RHP Dave Tuttle
Player to be named How it affects the Tigers: Wells' ($ 2 million this year)
large salary is trimmed from a fat payroll. Nitkowski, 22, was a first-round
pick out of St. John's last year who has the potential to be a No. 2 or No. 3
starter. Tuttle is a borderline prospect.

MARINERS-PADRES MARINERS GET . . .
RHP Andy Benes
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   4-7   118 2/3  0  126  4.17

Player to be named How it affects the Mariners: Benes gives the Mariners a third
quality starter to go with LH Randy Johnson and RH Chris Bosio. Benes might be a
free agent after this season, depending on the terms of the new bargaining
agreement. Newfield never stepped up in the Mariners' pursuit of a LF, and
Villone was not able to crack the Mariners bullpen. PADRES GET . . .
OF Marc Newfield
Year   Avg.  H   HR  RBI
1995   .188  16  3  14

LHP Ron Villone
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   0-2   19 1/3   0  26  7.91

How it affects the Padres: Benes, 27, has never quite lived up to his billing as
one of the game's top pitchers. Villone, 25, provides the LH relief the club has
needed since trading Pedro A. Martinez to Houston in December. Villone, a former
first-rounder, has a chance to become a big-league closer. Newfield is also a
former first-rounder. He can play LF or 1B for the Padres.

ROCKIES-METS ROCKIES GET . . .
RHP Bret Saberhagen
Year   W-L   IP   SV K   ERA
1995   5-5   110  0  71  3.35

Player to be named How it affects the Rockies: The surprise first-place team in
the NL West adds an ace to help make up for the arm troubles that have plagued
Bill Swift. Saberhagen gives the Rockies a dominant starter to fuel their bid to
hold on to first place. Acevedo is a loss, but the Rockies have loaded up with
so many young pitchers and pitching prospects (RHP Bryan Rekar and LHP Doug
Million, for example), they could afford to deal him. Rockies also acquired LHP
Bryan Hickerson from the Chicago Cubs for future considerations. METS GET . . .
RHP Juan Acevedo
Year   W-L   IP       SV K   ERA
1995   4-6   65 2/3   0  40  6.44

RHP Arnold Gooch How it affects the Mets: The Mets have unloaded their staff ace
They also unload one of the fatttest and most cumbersome contracts in the game,
part of which they will pick up for the Rockies. They add one more starting
pitcher to possibly the finest collection of young pitching and pitching
prospects in baseball. Gooch, 18, has the arm to be a decent prospect.

LOAD-DATE: August 03, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Photonic Systems, Inc. (Massachusetts) applies for US Patent titled as "Method
and Apparatus for Electromagnetic Field Manipulation Using Near-Field and
Far-Field Sensing"

LENGTH: 174 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160359228 for US Patent, published on December 8, 2016, by
Photonic Systems, Inc. (Massachusetts), titled as "Method and Apparatus for
Electromagnetic Field Manipulation Using Near-Field and Far-Field Sensing"  for
the registration of patent.



Inventors: Cox; Charles H.; (Carlisle, MA) ; Ackerman; Edward I.; (Cambridge,
MA)

Applicant: Photonic Systems, Inc. Billerica MA (Massachusetts)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
electromagnetic field optimization apparatus providing a means of more
independently modifying the field in either the reactive near-field region or
the far-field region while having significantly less modification to the other
field. This means that a design to affect the real component of the impedance
that affects the radiation in the far-field region does not affect, or minimally
affects, the reactive component of the impedance that affects the field in the
reactive near-field region."


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

Red Cross: Storm aftermath may affect blood donations

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


July 03--CUMBERLAND -- The American Red Cross anticipates that recent powerful
storms that hit parts of Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio, Virginia and West Virginia
also has the potential to impact blood drives scheduled throughout those states.
Across the Midwest and mid-Atlantic states, Red Cross blood drives representing
1,700 potential blood donations were canceled through Tuesday due to the violent
weather.

While only a few blood drives have been canceled in the local Greater
Alleghenies Blood Services Region, the loss of power and fallen trees in some
area may hamper many people from honoring their prior commitments to donate at
local blood drives.

"Individuals who have power and are able to get out, are urged to donate blood,"
said John Hagins, CEO of the Greater Alleghenies Blood Services Region. "This
storm comes during our emergency appeal for blood donors and has the potential
to cause a further decline in already low numbers of blood donations."

The Red Cross continues an emergency appeal for all blood types, but especially
types O negative, A negative, B negative and O positive.

Other factors are also causing a decline in blood donations. Many regular blood
donors are expected to take extended vacations for the mid-week Independence Day
holiday. In addition, many people don't want to leave their air conditioned
homes and businesses to donate blood during heat waves.

Call 1-800-RED CROSS or visit redcrossblood.org  to make an appointment or for
more information. A blood donor card or driver's license, or two other forms of
identification are required at check-in. Individuals who are 17 years of age (16
with signed parental permission consent form in some states), weigh at least 110
pounds and are in generally good health may be eligible to donate blood. High
school students and other donors 18 years of age and younger also have to meet
certain height and weight requirements.

Among blood donation drives in the area are on Thursday at the Flintstone United
Methodist Church, 21609 National Pike NE, from noon to 6 p.m. and Friday at the
Oakland Volunteer Fire Department, 31 South 3rd St., from noon to 6 p.m.

___ (c)2012 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120703-UM-Red-Cross-Storm-aftermath-may-affect
-blood-donations-0703-20120703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                           September 22, 2003, Monday

Impact of medical costs on insurance is far-reaching

BYLINE: Katie Merx

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 374 words


Escalating business insurance rates are raising eyebrows and ire at businesses
across the region and the country, but business insurers say there's little that
can be done about it as long as health care costs continue to run out of
control.

Medical inflation affects all types of business insurance, said Robert Cubbin,
president and CEO of Meadowbrook Insurance Group Inc. in Southfield.

It affects workers' compensation rates because medical costs are the largest
part of workers' compensation costs.

It affects short- and long-term disability rates for the same reason.

It affects property and casualty rates because medical costs are the largest
part of most slip-and-fall claims.

Medical costs also affect professional liability coverage, such as medical
malpractice policies.

Unfortunately, there's no light at the end of the tunnel as far as medical costs
are concerned, said Robin Mancuso, area president of Gallagher Benefit Services
of Michigan Inc. in Troy.

''It comes back to the basic problem that the (health care) system is broken,''
Mancuso said. ''No one is demanding that the rates come down. ... Well, the
employers are, but employees are using what they've got.''

Mancuso said he's continuing to see rates for health benefits in Michigan
increase by 12 percent to 18 percent annually. Nationwide, he said the range of
increase is about 13 percent to 17 percent annually for large employers.

Timothy Hite, a benefits consultant for the Troy-based Reaume Co., said he's
seeing similar increases.

''Medical insurance is going up and will continue to go up,'' Hite said. ''Group
life, disability and dental are also going up.''

There's no sign of relief, either.

Business health insurance rates have been rising by double digits annually for
more than three years. Drug costs easily have kept pace. The number of working
people without insurance has been growing. And federal and state reimbursement
for treating Medicaid patients has remained flat.

All of that means the cost to those who can pay is rising, and there's no
promise of a plateau.

And that means there's no promise of a plateau in many areas of business
insurance, Cubbin said.

Katie Merx: (313) 446-0337, kmerx@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             June 25, 2002, Tuesday

DEATH SENTENCE DECISION COULD AFFECT 800 INMATES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 298 words


The US Supreme Court declared it unconstitutional yesterday for judges rather
than juries to decide whether to sentence a convicted killer to death, a ruling
that could affect nearly 800 death-row inmates in nine states.

The High Court by a 7-2 vote overturned its 1990 decision and struck down an
Arizona capital sentencing law that gives sole responsibility to the judge to
make factual findings necessary to sentence a convicted murderer to death. The
ruling followed a landmark decision last week in which the nation's highest
court by a 6-3 vote declared that executing the mentally retarded in capital
cases violated the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment.

In striking down Arizona's law, the ruling could affect the death sentences of
nearly 800 inmates, accounting for more than a fifth of the national total,
legal experts have said. Although juries decide guilt or innocence, Arizona
requires that a trial judge must decide whether a particular case involved
certain 'aggravating circumstances' that justify the death sentence.

'We hold that the Sixth Amendment secures to capital defendants, no less than to
noncapital defendants, the right to a jury determination of any fact on which
the legislature conditions an increase in their maximum punishment,' Justice
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said from the bench for the majority.

Juries in Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana and Nebraska have no role in
sentencing those convicted in capital cases. In Florida, Alabama, Delaware and
Indiana, juries make sentencing recommendations, but judges have the final
decision.

In the 29 other states with the death penalty and in the federal system, juries
determine whether aggravating factors exist and weigh those against any
mitigating circumstances.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             June 25, 2002, Tuesday

DEATH SENTENCE DECISION COULD AFFECT 800 INMATES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 298 words


The US Supreme Court declared it unconstitutional yesterday for judges rather
than juries to decide whether to sentence a convicted killer to death, a ruling
that could affect nearly 800 death-row inmates in nine states.

The High Court by a 7-2 vote overturned its 1990 decision and struck down an
Arizona capital sentencing law that gives sole responsibility to the judge to
make factual findings necessary to sentence a convicted murderer to death. The
ruling followed a landmark decision last week in which the nation's highest
court by a 6-3 vote declared that executing the mentally retarded in capital
cases violated the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment.

In striking down Arizona's law, the ruling could affect the death sentences of
nearly 800 inmates, accounting for more than a fifth of the national total,
legal experts have said. Although juries decide guilt or innocence, Arizona
requires that a trial judge must decide whether a particular case involved
certain 'aggravating circumstances' that justify the death sentence.

'We hold that the Sixth Amendment secures to capital defendants, no less than to
noncapital defendants, the right to a jury determination of any fact on which
the legislature conditions an increase in their maximum punishment,' Justice
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said from the bench for the majority.

Juries in Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana and Nebraska have no role in
sentencing those convicted in capital cases. In Florida, Alabama, Delaware and
Indiana, juries make sentencing recommendations, but judges have the final
decision.

In the 29 other states with the death penalty and in the federal system, juries
determine whether aggravating factors exist and weigh those against any
mitigating circumstances.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 17, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

How the swap breaks down

BYLINE: David DuPree

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 446 words


The trade: In the three-team deal involving Philadelphia,
Chicago and Golden State, Toni Kukoc goes from the Bulls to the
76ers, Larry Hughes and Billy Owens goes from the 76ers to the
Warriors, Bruce Bowen goes from the 76ers to the Bulls and the
Warriors send John Starks and a 2000 first-round draft pick to
the Bulls. If the pick, originally held by Washington in the 1994
trade for Chris Webber, is among the first three, the Wizards
get to keep it and the Bulls get their pick in 2001.

How it affects Philadelphia: In Kukoc, the 76ers get the
perfect player for Larry Brown's offense. At 6-11, he is a nightmare
to match up against. He plays either forward spot. When he's at
power forward, he takes his man outside and shoots threes over
him or drives by him. At small forward, he posts up and uses his
height advantage. He is also one of the best passing big men in
the league and his ballhandling skills will take more pressure
off Allen Iverson, helping him get better and easier shots. Kukoc
also gives the 76ers a much-needed second scorer to complement
Iverson. The 76ers are the worst three-point shooting team in
the league, and now they have a real three-point threat.


How it affects Golden State: They are trying to get younger
and with this not projected to be a strong draft, getting a player
with the potential Hughes has is well worth a first-round pick.
He wasn't going to get much time with the 76ers because he played
behind Iverson most of the time, and he and Brown didn't see things
the same way most of the time. He will get the minutes he needs
to develop with the Warriors, who already are out of the playoff
race. He will play shooting guard, so the veteran Starks was expendable
and this makes the salaries work. With Hughes (21) at shooting
guard and Antawn Jamison (23) at small forward, the Warriors are
now set at those two positions and can build around them. Hughes
is a great offensive player and will provide a lot of excitement.

How it affects Chicago: The Bulls are looking at the future,
stockpiling first-round picks and getting rid of veteran players.
The draft pick is probably more valuable to them than Starks.
They'll probably deal him elsewhere before the Feb. 24 deadline.

How it affects the rest of league: The Los Angeles Lakers
and Portland Trail Blazers were looking into acquiring Kukoc.
They are the teams with the two best records in the league, by
far. So because neither got him, each is at least relieved that
the other didn't get him. The 76ers feel they are now able to
compete with Indiana, Miami and New York for supremacy in the
Eastern Conference.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Rhona Wise, AFP; Tough matchup: At 6-11, Toni Kukoc can
play small or power forward, able to score by pushing the ball inside or by
shooting three-pointers from the perimeter. He fits neatly into coach Larry
Brown's offense.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Flood Warning Issued by NWS QuadCities (Eastern Iowa and Northwestern Illinois -
Quad Cities)

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Weather Service has issued the following news release:



 Flood Warning

 Alert:



 .Rounds of very heavy rain have occurred over northern Iowa,

 portions of east-central Iowa, southeastern Minnesota, and western

 Wisconsin over the past five days. A widespread 3 to 5 inches of rain

 has fallen, mainly along and northwest of a Cedar Rapids to Dubuque

 line. Further to the north and northwest some area have received

 6 to 10 inches with isolated higher amounts. These extreme rainfall

 amounts will result in significant river level rises into next week.



 Confidence: High on the occurrence of river flooding, moderate on

 site specific crest forecasts. Please monitor for daily forecast

 updates throughout this event as changes to the crest forecasts are

 possible

 River forecasts include past precipitation and forecast rainfall for

 the next 48 hours.



 ...Flood Warning remains in effect until further notice...

 The Flood Warning continues for

 The Mississippi River at Burlington.



 * Until further notice.



 * At  3:00 PM Friday the stage was 14.6 feet...and steady.



 * Flood stage is  15 feet.



 * No flooding is occurring and Major flooding is forecast.



 * Forecast...Rise above flood stage Monday evening...and continue

 rising to 18.2 feet Friday morning.



 * Impact...At  18.0 feet...Water affects the Burlington Auditorium

 parking lot. Water also affects Bluff Harbor Marina. Water affects

 North Shore Marina in Fort Madison. In Dallas City, water affects

 First Street at the ball park.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Flood Warning Issued by NWS QuadCities (Eastern Iowa and Northwestern Illinois -
Quad Cities)

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Weather Service has issued the following news release:



 Flood Warning

 Alert:



 .Rounds of very heavy rain have occurred over northern Iowa,

 portions of east-central Iowa, southeastern Minnesota, and western

 Wisconsin over the past five days. A widespread 3 to 5 inches of rain

 has fallen, mainly along and northwest of a Cedar Rapids to Dubuque

 line. Further to the north and northwest some area have received

 6 to 10 inches with isolated higher amounts. These extreme rainfall

 amounts will result in significant river level rises into next week.



 Confidence: High on the occurrence of river flooding, moderate on

 site specific crest forecasts. Please monitor for daily forecast

 updates throughout this event as changes to the crest forecasts are

 possible

 River forecasts include past precipitation and forecast rainfall for

 the next 48 hours.



 ...Flood Warning remains in effect until further notice...

 The Flood Warning continues for

 The Mississippi River at Burlington.



 * Until further notice.



 * At  3:00 PM Friday the stage was 14.6 feet...and steady.



 * Flood stage is  15 feet.



 * No flooding is occurring and Major flooding is forecast.



 * Forecast...Rise above flood stage Monday evening...and continue

 rising to 18.2 feet Friday morning.



 * Impact...At  18.0 feet...Water affects the Burlington Auditorium

 parking lot. Water also affects Bluff Harbor Marina. Water affects

 North Shore Marina in Fort Madison. In Dallas City, water affects

 First Street at the ball park.

 &&



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Idaho: Hyundai recalls 239,000 Sonata, Azera models

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Boise


Department of Transportation, The State of Idaho has issued the following press
release:

Hyundai is recalling 239,000 Sonata and Azera sedans in cold-weather states
because road salt can corrode the rear suspension.

The recall affects 215,000 Sonata midsize sedans from the 2006 to 2010 model
years and 24,000 Azera full-size sedans from 2006 to 2011.

Hyundai says salt can corrode the rear suspension crossmember, which is part of
the vehicle's frame. In advanced cases, the crossmember could detach from the
control arms that lead to the wheels, which could affect wheel alignment and
increase the risk of a crash.

Hyundai will inform owners next month. Dealers will inspect the cars and repair
or replace the defective parts.

The recall affects vehicles registered in Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois,
Indiana, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New
Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, West
Virginia, Wisconsin, Delaware and Washington, D.C.

For further information please visit: http://apps.itd.idaho.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: Reduced water supply forecast affects hydropower outlook in Pacific
Northwest

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Energy Information Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Northwest River Forecast Center (a unit of the Department of Commerce)
released on January 8 its first water supply projection of 2014 for the Pacific
Northwest. The forecast indicates a below-normal runoff, as compared to the
30-year average (1981-2010), for a majority of the observation stations in the
region. The map above shows observation stations throughout the watershed region
of the Pacific Northwest. Forecasts for the percent-of-normal water supply for
each station are indicated by color: above normal (blue), near normal (green and
yellow), or below normal (orange and red).

The Pacific Northwest is home to the largest concentration of hydroelectric
capacity in the country. Because water supply and the subsequent hydroelectric
generation can vary widely from year to year, these forecasts are closely
monitored. Reduced generation not only affects the immediate area; it can also
affect neighboring regions, including California, that import hydropower from
the Pacific Northwest. Water supply in California, as discussed in yesterday's
Today in Energy article, is also extremely low.

Precipitation for the hydrological year that began last October has been below
70% of normal levels throughout most of the Northwest, with the middle-to-lower
Snake River basin in southeast Washington experiencing a particularly large
precipitation deficit. Hydroelectric supply can have implications for the
dispatch of other generators (such as wind turbines, thermal generators, and the
Columbia nuclear station) in the Pacific Northwest, where four states
(Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and Montana) host 35% of U.S. hydroelectric
capacity. The level of hydroelectric output in this region can also greatly
influence regional wholesale power prices. Absent an abundant supply of
hydroelectric output, wholesale power prices may be increasingly determined by
the cost of natural gas generation in the region.

For more information please visit: http://www.eia.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Runway extension could affect wind farm plans

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


June 17--Cielo Wind Power has been thinking about building a wind farm somewhere
on Port of Brownsville property for a decade or so.

The Austin-based company is still thinking about it, and it's by no means
certain all the pieces will fall into place and all the obstacles will be
cleared away for such a project to become a reality.

So says Walter Hornaday, who founded Cielo in 1998. According to its website,
the firm has completed more than a dozen wind farm projects, most of them in
Texas and two in New Mexico. The company recently began another wind farm
outside Amarillo that will feature 87 GE wind turbines.

Brownsville is a promising site for a wind farm, though the project could meet
an obstacle in the form of Brownsville South Padre Island International
Airport's plans to extend its runway, Hornaday said.

A longer runway would mean planes on approach would fly lower farther away from
the airport, which could preclude construction of towering wind turbines.

It's premature to say, though, since it all comes down to where Cielo wants to
build versus how airspace is affected. Airport officials hope to extend the main
runway from its current 7,400 feet to 10,000 feet or longer. An environmental
review is still under way, though, and no funding has been allocated for the
project yet.

"Obviously if you extend the runway there's more airspace that's going to be
covered," Director of Aviation Larry Brown said.

That said, it's not yet clear to what extent changes in airspace would affect
Cielo's plans, he said.

"Until we know more details, we can't answer the question," Brown said. "It's
all going to be a function of math."

He said Corpus Christi's airport is dealing with airspace issues arising from
wind farms located south and east of Sarita.

Hornaday said he hopes Cielo, if it does decide to move forward with a project
at the port, can come to an arrangement with the airport amenable to all parties
concerned.

"We're trying to see what they will allow to be done," he said. "It's highly
speculative at this point. It's a great, windy area. The pieces are there. It's
a good wind resource and there's a growing demand for electricity, but there are
a lot of moving parts."

sclark@brownsvilleherald.com

___ (c)2013 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130617-BV-Runway-extension-could-affect-wind-farm-plans-0617-20130617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2013 The Brownsville Herald


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

'Outside refreshment areas' bill may affect Toledo, goes to Senate

BYLINE: Jim Provance, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


April 07--COLUMBUS -- Most of the focus has been on baseball's All-Star Game in
Cincinnati, but a bill that would allow the creation of "outdoor refreshment
areas" has some in Toledo envisioning the Warehouse District as the next Bourbon
Street.

House Bill 47 recently passed the House and is now in the Senate, where a
similar bill had been introduced.

It would allow cities with populations of at least 35,000 to create a district
where patrons of local bars and restaurants could walk outside with open
containers of alcohol without fear of violating the law. Cities with 50,000 or
more people could have two such districts.

The goal is to have this in place in time for festivities surrounding
Cincinnati's hosting of Major League Baseball's All-Star Game on July 14, as
well as the Republican National Convention set for 2016 in Cleveland. But the
bill's effects could reach well beyond those high-profile events.

"When people think of New Orleans, they think of Bourbon Street where there are
so many places and people can bar hop, check out music, and get to-go cups to
wander up and down the street," said Jim Mettler, owner of the Ye Olde Cock n'
#8226 Tavern on North Huron Street in Toledo. "It's a good way to help cities
that are trying to rebuild their urban cores."

Brian Dicken, vice chairman of public affairs at the Toledo Regional Chamber of
Commerce, said the chamber has heard from other businesses in the Warehouse
District who are intrigued by the idea.

There hasn't been much discussion on city council yet, but the Warehouse
District immediately came to Toledo City Councilman Tom Waniewski's mind.

"I was at Table Forty 4 last week, and we talked about this exact same thing,
about having an outdoor atmosphere," he said. "There are these new restaurants
on Monroe Street. ... That would open itself up for some opportunity there."

Cities would determine if and where they would want such a district and could
set limits establishing specific boundaries and hours of operation.

"We'd always have to vet this out," Mr. Waniewski said. "We don't want a bunch
of drunkards running around."

The bill passed the House 82-12 two weeks ago with near unanimous support from
the northwest Ohio delegation. The sole exception was Rep. Bob Cupp (R., Lima),
a former Ohio Supreme Court justice.

"Since the end of Prohibition, states have been the ones who regulate the sale
and use of alcohol," he said. "One can get a permit for a big three-day
festival, but it's always the state that has the final say on it. This turns
that on its head."

He said he also believes the population thresholds in the bill are too low.

"This is really an experiment, so I'd like to see it confined to fewer venues,"
Mr. Cupp said.

Rep. Tim Brown (R., Bowling Green), who chairs the House Government
Accountability and Oversight Committee that ushered the bill to the floor, said
he doesn't think there's going to be a mad rush to do this.

"It is largely about the All-Star Game ...," he said. "It's a fairly expensive
proposition. If a community has a festival under a tent, that's one thing, but
this is a fairly substantial departure from current open-container law. ... With
a place like Bourbon Street, there's only one in the entire state of Louisiana."

While some might argue the bill would lead to more public drunkenness, Mr.
Mettler suggested it could have the opposite effect. He pointed to cases where
someone has ordered a beer in a bar just as his friends decide to move on to the
next stop. He guzzles it on the spot because he can't carry it outside.

"You do that at four or five stops in the evening, drinking at a pace that
you're not used to, and that just adds to the situation," he said.

Contact Jim Provance at: jprovance@theblade.com or 614-221-0496.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150407-TO-Outside-refreshment-areas-bill-may-affect
-Toledo-goes-to-Senate-0407-20150407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE OPEN FORUM - Letters to the editor

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 1281 words


TV ads dictate shopping choices, not behavior Re: "Does TV affect behavior?"
Jan. 27 Open Forum.

John P. Cardie's letter offers a poor argument, an apples-to-oranges comparison,
between Super Bowl TV commercials and "violent movies with profane language."

Cardie claims advertisers will spend millions on Super Bowl commercials because
they believe "what people observe on TV will affect their behavior." Then he
says that Hollywood film producers have sworn to Congress that their movies do
not affect behavior, and that both premises can't be correct.

Here is the flaw in this argument: TV commercials do not affect behavior; they
affect which brand consumers select at the store. This isn't a "behavior," it's
a shopping choice. People don't decide to drink beer because of those clever Bud
Light commercials. They're already drinking the stuff and decide to try Bud for
a change. My decision to try a brand of Product A that I've never tried before
is not "behavior." It's shopping.

As for whether or not violent films make people violent, I always thought that
violence in the home was what created criminal behavior. Don't tell me that
films and rap videos have more of a negative influence on kids than their
alcoholic or drug-using parents who communicate with fists rather than with
brains.

Kourttni Lance, Golden

---------------------------------------- Survey of schools on value of No Child
law

Re: "Educators assail No Child Left Behind," Jan. 23 news story.

The headline on your story spoke volumes. Your subheadline, "Almost all in a
poll sent out by Sen. Ken Salazar say the federal law's goals are not
achievable," spoke mega-volumes. And the article's statement that "Almost all of
those who responded to the survey - sent to all Colorado school districts as
well as a handful of parent advocacy organizations and administrators - said the
law's goal of all students reaching 100 percent proficiency by the 2013-14
school year was not achievable," was a very, very loud concession speech.

Colorado teachers, principals and administrators overwhelmingly said, in this
survey, that they could not bring all students up to proficient levels within
the next seven years unless - big surprise - they get more money. Aren't these
the same people who are attempting to eviscerate charters and online schools,
some of which are already at 100 percent proficiency?

Colorado Education Association spokeswoman Deborah Fallin said that the union
"supports accountability" but "the pendulum has swung too far." Excuse me, but
expecting that all of our kids can read, write and subtract just at grade level
is not going far enough.

If the 1,700-plus teachers and principals who responded to the survey cannot get
the job done, then let the kids who are expecting and are entitled to a quality
education go. Their (and our) futures are too important to leave in the hands of
people who have already told us they cannot do the job.

Steve Schuck, Colorado Springs

...

"Unrealistic." "Not achievable." These were words once used to label the
academic prospects of disadvantaged and minority children. Now, according to a
recent survey conducted by Sen. Ken Salazar, they're being used to describe the
goals of the No Child Left Behind act.

It's time to bust this myth. No Child Left Behind calls on students to read and
do math at grade level or better by 2014. It holds schools accountable for
steady progress each year until they do. As a mom, I don't think that's too much
to ask. I believe most parents, whose views were severely underrepresented in
the survey, would agree. They want their children to be taught to grade level
now.

In 2005-06, 91 percent of Colorado's school districts met at least 90 percent of
their adequate yearly progress goals as called for by NCLB - slightly better
than in 2004-05. Nationally, math scores for young students have reached new
heights, according to the Nation's Report Card, while achievement gaps in
reading and math between African-American and Hispanic students and their white
peers have fallen to all-time lows. This tells me progress is both realistic and
achievable.

Of course, it will take time and hard work to achieve our goals. We are
committed to working with our dedicated teachers and principals to make it
happen. That is why President Bush has proposed the use of growth models to
track student progress over time and offered new flexibility and resources for
teachers and students in rural school districts.

Margaret Spellings, U.S. Secretary of Education, Washington D.C.

---------------------------------------- In defense of retaining Columbus Day

Re: "What Columbus Day backers have wrought," Jan. 26 Open Forum.

We take great offense at letter- writer Joe Aiello's unfounded assertions as
well as his pre-conclusions concerning Julia Martinez's Jan. 22 column "A new
name for Columbus Day?"

Mr. Aiello was not present during the years of "negotiations" that have spanned
almost 20 years; therefore, how can he assume what transpired during those
meetings? Having not been there, he has no awareness of the impossible demands
of the parade opponents.

We, the parade supporters, have not contributed to the eventual loss of the
holiday across the country. To appease the protesters in their "demand" of a
name change would have contributed to the dominoes tumbling toward the eventual
fall of more First Amendment rights for all Americans.

John Callor, Vice President, Columbus Day Parade Committee, Longmont

----------------------------------------

Hillary's candidacy

As a registered Democrat who usually votes for the candidate rather than the
party, I cannot support Hillary Clinton for president of the United States. I do
not think she has demonstrated the integrity I find necessary to lead this
country. She was involved with her husband in the Whitewater debacle. And, after
the Monica Lewinsky incident, she wasn't "standing by her man" so much as she
was measuring her own political future. I am a pro-choice feminist, but that
does not automatically translate into a vote for Hillary.

Raye Highland, Castle Rock

----------------------------------------

Necessity of recess

Re: "Recess takes a break as lessons lengthen," Jan. 22 news story.

As a pediatrician and mother of three sons, I support the parents of Greeley
elementary students who are advocating for daily recess. Physical activity
improves mood and strength, and positively impacts cognition. Physical activity
also decreases stress, blood pressure, prevalence of obesity, cardiovascular
diseases, diabetes, stroke and certain cancers. Children benefit from time to
exercise and socialize.

I have practiced medicine for more than 20 years and have witnessed an increase
in overweight, inactive and stressed children. Most children in the state of
Colorado do not have daily physical education, and nationally, less than 20
percent of children walk or bike to school. If we want our children to thrive
and succeed, we must support their physical, cognitive and emotional
development.

Sandra Hoyt Stenmark, M.D., Denver

----------------------------------------

Family kicked off plane

Re: "Airline says family's ouster was proper," Jan. 24 news story.

I read with disbelief the story of the couple who were angry after being removed
from a flight because their unruly 3-year-old wouldn't sit in her chair, thereby
holding up 112 well-behaved passengers from leaving Florida on time. What I
learned was that kicking, screaming, climbing under the seats and generally
disobeying FAA rules will result in my trip being reimbursed, getting an
additional round-trip ticket to anywhere I'd like and get me a write- up in
newspapers across the country! Sign me up!

Emily Frazee, Colorado Springs

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Indian Trademark News

                     January 28, 2016 Thursday 7:47 AM EST

Brookings Institution Receives Approval for Trademark BROOKINGS

LENGTH: 403  words


Mumbai, Jan. 28 -- Brookings Institution of Washington, USA received approval
from Office of The Trade Marks Registry on the trademark BROOKINGS (2796503).

The description of the mark registered is "Cl.

9 - Electronic publications, namely, newsletters, alerts, and rises feeds
featuring information on economic, governmental, foreign policy, political and
social science issues that affect united states and foreign public policy
recorded on computer media, digital materials, namely, downloadable audio files,
video files, webcasts, podcasts, multimedia files, text files, and MP3 files,
featuring information on economic, governmental, foreign policy, political and
social science issues that affect united states and foreign public policy. Cl.
16,printed materials, namely, booklets, pamphlets, policy briefs, research
reports, conference reports, surveys, and book catalogs featuring or relating to
economic, governmental, foreign policy, political and social science issues that
affect united states and foreign public policy. Cl. 35 - Promoting public
awareness of economic, governmental, foreign policy, political and social issues
that affect United States and foreign public policy. Cl. 41 - Publication of
books of others featuring economic, governmental, foreign policy, political and
social science issues that affect united states and foreign public policy,
educational services, namely, organizing and conducting conferences, symposiums,
seminars, forums, classes, workshops, certificate programs and fellowship
programs on economic, governmental, political, social science and other united
states and foreign policy issues, educational research services. Cl. 42 -
Research services in the field of public policy." It comes under Class 99 of the
Trademark classification.

The application for the trademark was filed on Aug. 25, 2014.

Brookings Institution has been using BROOKINGS (2796503) since April 30, 2011.

The Trademark was published in the Trade Marks Journal No. 1724 on Dec. 21,
2015.

About the Organization

Brookings Institution is a USA-based organization. It is situated in Columbia in
South Carolina. The organization is engaged in organizing and conducting
conferences, symposiums, seminars, forums, classes, workshops, certificate
programs and fellowship programs on economic, governmental, political, social
science and other united states and foreign policy issues, educational research
services.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Ruling affects forest use fees

BYLINE: Paul Fattig, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 747 words


Feb. 23--A ruling in an Arizona case by the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in
San Francisco may ultimately cut fees for visiting undeveloped sites on national
forestland in the Pacific Northwest.

The unanimous decision by the court concluded that the 2004 Federal Lands
Recreation Enhancement Act prohibits the U.S. Forest Service from charging fees
to visitors interested in such activities as hiking, picnicking or camping in
undeveloped areas on national forests.

The ruling involved four hikers who objected to paying what is known as an
Adventure Pass fee of $5 per day or $30 a year while visiting Mount Lemmon in
the Coronado National Forest in Arizona. The decision reversed a district court
ruling.

In national forests in Oregon and Washington, a fee for recreational use is
called the Northwest Forest Pass, and separate fees exist for various
recreational sites. No sites in the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest require
a Northwest Forest Pass, although the forest has three day-use recreational
sites where fees are charged, officials said. Those fee sites aren't expected to
be affected by the ruling, they added.

Fees for recreational use were authorized by Congress as the Recreation Fee
Demonstration Program in 1996 to raise funds for the upkeep of recreational
sites. The program was met by opposition from many forest users throughout
Oregon. The 1996 law was superseded by the 2004 act.

Agency officials, who have 90 days to appeal the Coronado forest ruling to the
U.S. Supreme Court, declined to comment on specifics in the case, noting it
remains in litigation. The appeals court decision was released Feb. 9.

"The Forest Service is reviewing the ruling," said Virginia Gibbons, spokeswoman
for the Rogue River-Siskiyou forest. "The fee program will continue unchanged
for now."

Mary Ellen Barilotti, an attorney based in Hood River who argued the case for
the plaintiffs, told the Mail Tribune that the decision is significant and will
affect similar fees in the West.

"I would not be surprised if they make changes to whole fee program," said
Barilotti, a veteran of similar cases. "They have lost a couple of these cases
in the last few years."

In the 9th Circuit case, the judges were interpreting the 2004 act, she said,
and ruled that someone hiking through a developed area in a national forest but
not using the facilities is also not required to pay a fee.

"This has been going on for quite some time," she said of the recreational fee
controversy. "In the Columbia River basin (on national forestland), both in
Washington and Oregon, you are required to pay a fee just to take a walk."

The appeals court decision is likely to change that, she said.

"The decision is outstanding," said Bend resident Scott Silver of the Wild
Wilderness group. "The decision didn't rely on some esoteric, controversial
reading of the law. Any person with any integrity and competence would reach the
same conclusion as the court did.

"The Forest Service has been remiss in its interpretation of the (2004) law
since it was written," he added.

The 9th Circuit Court judges concluded the act "unambiguously prohibits" the
agency from charging the recreational fees in the Mount Lemmon case.

As written, the act prohibits the U. S. Forest Service from charging fees
"solely for parking, undesignated parking, or picnicking along roads or trail
sides," for "hiking through ... without using the facilities and services," and
"for camping at undeveloped sites."

In the 15-page ruling, Judge Robert W. Gettleman wrote, "Everyone is entitled to
enter national forests without paying a cent."

Moreover, in the Adventure Fee case, the agency failed to differentiate between
recreational users, he noted.

"The Forest Service fails to distinguish -- as the statute does -- between
someone who glides into a paved parking space and sits at a picnic table
enjoying a feast of caviar and champagne, and someone who parks on the side of
the highways, sits on a pile of gravel, and eats an old baloney sandwich while
the cars whizz by," Gettleman wrote. "The agency collects the same fee from both
types of picnickers. That practice violates the statute's plain text."

However, any forest visitor who uses a developed site that offers amenities such
as picnic tables, permanent toilets, garbage cans and running water may be
charged, the judges ruled.

___ (c)2012 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120223-ME-Ruling-affects-forest-use-fees-0223-20120223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2012 Mail Tribune


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 7, 2011 Monday

Post Office worker says consolidation might affect local service

BYLINE: Aaron Krause, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


Nov. 07--The U.S. Postal Service could eliminate 67 positions from the Mansfield
processing center as part of a plan to move some processing operations to
Cleveland.

David Van Allen, spokesman for the U.S. Postal Service in Ohio, said that number
is a projection -- it could change.

He added, though, that the postal service has been "very good" at finding laid
off employees other positions according to union contract agreements.

If the number of eliminations stands, 60 craft positions and seven
supervisory/management positions would be eliminated, Van Allen said. He could
not say how many of those positions are currently filled.

"Given the drastic 20-percent decline in mail volume the postal service has
experienced since 2007, we must take action to reduce the size of our mail
processing network," said Northern Ohio District Manager Todd Hawkins.
"Consolidating operations and placing our people where we need them is necessary
if the postal service is to remain viable to provide mail service to the nation.

"I understand our employees' concern over this move, but the consolidation makes
sense given the fiscal realities. The Cleveland (processing and distribution
center) has the capacity to handle the additional workload and we can realize
significant savings by shifting operations there."

Will the change, expected to be complete by March, affect customers?

"It shouldn't affect them at all," Van Allen said. "It should be seamless as far
as local post offices are concerned. All that's affected is mail processing.
That's behind the scenes."

"This move will not cause any changes in local mail delivery," Hawkins said.
"Letters mailed to local addresses will be delivered the next day, the same as
before. I am confident the transition will be smooth and transparent to our
customers and they will continue to receive the same excellent service they
always have."

But Darrell See, president of Local 903 of the American Postal Workers Union,
isn't so sure.

"Most of the other (post office) consolidations have had negative impacts," See
said. He said currently, most mail from Ohio goes to Cleveland for processing on
Saturday. See added the mail needs to be back by Monday morning, and that hasn't
always been the case.

"They can't do it now, how can they do it with more mail?" See said about
processing mail in Cleveland.

See said union members will probably contact senators and congressmen about the
change and protest.

Full retail services will still be available at the Mansfield Post Office,
according to a press release.

The Mansfield Business Mail Entry Unit will remain open for large volume
business mailers.

The U.S. Postal Service conducted a study at the Mansfield facility for possible
consolidation of some operations into the Columbus and Cleveland processing and
distribution centers.

The study, known as an Area Mail Process Study (AMP), "involved a review of the
mail processing and transportation operations to determine capacity needs at a
facility in order to increase efficiency and improve productivity."

Van Allen said following the study, after taking into consideration, which
included public comments and data collected, officials decided to move some mail
processing operations to Cleveland.

___ (c)2011 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111107-1NW-Post-Office-worker-says-consolidation-might-affect
-local-service-1107-20111107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2011 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 28, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Recall likely to widen abroad Venezuela plant cited as source of targeted tires

BYLINE: David Kiley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 371 words


Bridgestone/Firestone is expected to announce, perhaps as early
as today, an expanded recall of tires in Venezuela. The recall
is expected to affect General Motors and Toyota sport-utility
vehicles as well as Fords.

Officials close to Firestone and Ford said the new recall, which
will not affect the USA, involves tires made at Bridgestone's
Valencia, Venezuela, plant. It comes after a Ford analysis of
Bridgestone data found quality-control problems.


Firestone is already recalling tires in Venezuela that were made
at its Decatur, Ill., plant. Those are part of a recall, announced
Aug. 9, of 6.5 million Firestone ATX, ATX II and Wilderness AT
tires. The companies also have replaced Firestone tires on Ford
vehicles in Latin America and the Middle East for two years.

The Valencia plant data are expected to be presented to Venezuelan
officials today. On Friday, Samuel Ruh, head of Venezuela's consumer
protection agency, said he would report this week on his probe
of the tire situation. He said criminal action might result.

Bridgestone/Firestone said Sunday that the company was not ready
to announce any action in Venezuela. "We are cooperating with
the government but have not yet examined all the tires in question,"
spokeswoman Cynthia McCafferty said.

GM said it has been told by Bridgestone that any recall in Venezuela
would not affect GM vehicles. Toyota could not be reached for
comment. A Venezuela recall would not affect the USA, except that
it casts further doubt on Bridgestone's quality control systems.

And it gives critics additional ammunition in calling for a wider
recall. "I think we are getting to the point where erring on
the side of safety in this matter is not a bad thing," Clarence
Ditlow, executive director of The Center for Auto Safety, said
Sunday. Also:

* Ford said it's picking up the tab for dealers who provide
loaner cars for customers too worried to drive their vehicles
while they wait for replacement tires.

* Lawyers said Firestone CEO Masatoshi Ono has been ordered
to testify Sept. 15 in the Texas trial of a couple killed in May
1999 when their Ford Explorer, equipped with Firestone ATX tires,
overturned.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 28, 2000, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Recall likely to widen abroad Venezuela plant cited as source of targeted tires

BYLINE: David Kiley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 368 words


Bridgestone/Firestone is expected to announce, perhaps as early
as today, an expanded recall of tires in Venezuela. The recall
is expected to affect General Motors and Toyota sport-utility
vehicles as well as Ford's.

Officials close to Firestone and Ford said the new recall, which
will not affect the USA, involves tires made at Bridgestone's
Valencia, Venezuela, plant. It comes after a Ford analysis of
Bridgestone data found quality-control problems.


Firestone is already recalling tires in Venezuela that were made
at its Decatur, Ill., plant. Those are part of a recall, announced
Aug. 9, of 6.5 million Firestone ATX, ATX II and Wilderness AT
tires. The companies also have replaced Firestone tires on Ford
vehicles in Latin America and the Middle East for two years.

The Valencia plant data are expected to be presented to Venezuelan
officials today. On Friday, Samuel Ruh, head of Venezuela's consumer
protection agency, said he would report this week on his probe
of the tire situation. He said criminal action might result.

Bridgestone/Firestone said Sunday that the company was not ready
to announce any action in Venezuela. "We are cooperating with
the government but have not yet examined all the tires in question,"
spokeswoman Cynthia McCafferty said.

GM said it has been told by Bridgestone that any recall in Venezuela
would not affect GM vehicles. Toyota could not be reached for
comment.

A Venezuela recall would not affect the USA, except that it casts
further doubt on Bridgestone's quality control systems, already
in question at Decatur.

And it gives critics additional ammunition in calling for a wider
recall. "I think we are getting to the point where erring on
the side of safety in this matter is not a bad thing," Clarence
Ditlow, executive director of The Center for Auto Safety, said
Sunday.

Also Sunday, Ford said it's picking up the tab for dealers who
provide loaner cars for customers too worried to drive their vehicles
while they wait for replacements for recalled tires. But given
the limited supply of loaner cars, dealers are using that solution
as a last resort after trying to find replacement tires.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 12, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Troubled waters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 143 words


Environmental group American Rivers designated 10 most endangered rivers and
cited these as their problems:
Klamath: Diversion of water to Oregon power generators could lower water for
rafting, fishing.
South Platte: Proposed dam would flood 24 miles in Colorado's Pike National
Forest.
Penobscot: Dam construction could end a fledgling salmon fishery in Maine.
American: Dams could flood scenic canyons in California.
Bruneau, Jarbidge: Expansion of U.S. Air Force's Saylor Creek Range could harm
these Idaho high desert rivers.
Alsek, Tatshenshini: Mining operation could affect Alaskan wilderness rivers.
Passaic: New Jersey river could lose 600 acres of wetlands.
Cahaba: Methane mines could affect South Alabama river.
Jemez: Pumice mine possible in New Mexico river valley.
James: Dam could affect classic Missouri float stream.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Statesline

Accompanies; Oregon river clash spills into Congress

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 4, 2002 Wednesday

BRIEFLY

LENGTH: 398 words


Firefighters get collapse training FARGO (AP) -- About 40 firefighters from
Fargo-Moorhead, Bismarck, Grand Forks and Minot are getting a crash course this
week in building-collapse rescues. An urban search and rescue team from New
England is doing the training in Fargo. Instructor Tom Kenney of Hyannis, Mass.,
was part of a team sent to the World Trade Center towers in New York immediately
after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The team spent eight days conducting
searches of the collapsed buildings. The training team is one of 26 such groups
sent around the country by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. "An act of
nature such as a hurricane or tornado or snow load ... all kinds of things can
cause a structural collapse, so (the training) is not just focused on a
terrorist act," Kenney said.

Shutdown affects 20 workers FARGO (AP) -- The shutdown of Consolidated
Freightways will affect more than 20 employees in North Dakota, a union official
says. The Vancouver, Wash.-based company is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection. It has halted operations and laid off more than 15,000 people around
the country. The move will affect 11 workers in Fargo, five each in Minot and
Bismarck and two in Grand Forks, said Dean Cypher, president of Teamsters Local
116. Cypher said the nation's economic slowdown and high fuel prices were
factors in the company's demise, but the union also blames government
deregulation. "When you look at the top 100 (trucking) companies that were in
business in 1980, there were six left until today," Cypher said Tuesday. "They
thought (deregulation) was going to allow the smaller companies to get bigger,
and all it did was put them all out of business."

Above-average beet yields expected WAHPETON (AP) -- Sugar beet farmers in the
southern Red River Valley are expecting above-average yields this year.
Wahpeton-based Minn-Dak Farmers Cooperative estimates the crop will yield 20.5
tons per acre, below last year's 21.5 tons but above the co-op's historic
average of 18.5 tons. Tom Knudsen, the co-op's vice president for agriculture,
said farmers are hoping for a dry September to increase sugar content in the
beets. Wet fields also would increase the risk of disease and make harvesting
tougher, he said. Last week, American Crystal Sugar officials said they expected
a yield of 17 tons per acre, compared to a normal 19- to 20-ton yield.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2002 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 10, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Sun's magnetic flip affects cosmic ray penetration Energy flies faster during
some cycles

BYLINE: Dan Vergano

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 524 words


Increasing evidence suggests that the direction of the sun's magnetic
field appears to affect how cosmic rays penetrate our solar system,
scientists say.

Since 1954, solar scientists have known that the sun's magnetic
field, or heliosphere, shields the solar system from the full
effects of cosmic rays, energetic atomic particles from space.

Cosmic rays are thought to play a role in initiating changes in
the upper atmosphere that affect Earth's weather, sparking increased
interest in their occurrence among scientists.


As the sun's magnetic field waxes and wanes every 11 years --
a pattern that climaxes with the flip of the solar magnetic pole
-- the number of cosmic rays striking our planet falls and rises.

"The sun's changing magnetic field is the driver in all of this;
the cosmic ray variations are a response," says physicist Edward
Cliver of the Air Force Research Laboratory, near Bedford, Mass.

Now, in a paper accepted by  The Astrophysical Journal,
Cliver and colleague Alan Ling looked at sunspot activity, a marker
of the sun's magnetic strength, to show how cosmic rays penetrate
the heliosphere in different ways, depending on which way the
sun's magnetic field points.

The heliosphere envelops Earth and the rest of our solar system
beyond Pluto.

They found that at the start of 11-year solar cycles, when the
sun's magnetic pole points northward, cosmic rays decrease as
sunspots increase. But, when the sun's magnetic pole faces south,
the cosmic ray and sunspot variations occur nearly in sync, Cliver
says.

The find represents "the last thing needed to nail down" the
controversial theory that the sun's magnetic field looks different
depending on the direction of the solar magnetic pole, says solar
physicist Randy Jokipii of the University of Arizona in Tucson.

Why the difference? Because the sun spins on its axis in one direction
only, even while its magnetic pole flips around, Jokipii says.

The difference in alignment of the sun's magnetic field with its
actual direction of rotation creates a magnetic field that screens
cosmic rays differently in different solar cycles.

Changes in the sun's magnetic field can take a year to propagate
from the solar surface to the edge of the heliosphere, according
to NASA.

This past February's flip in the direction of the sun's magnetic
pole from north to south provides a chance to test the finding,
Cliver says. "It would be my best guess that sunspots and cosmic
ray modulation would be more in sync" in the upcoming cycle.

A paper published last August in Geophysical Research Letters
by James Van Allen of the University of Iowa appears to support
the finding. It found similar alignments of cosmic rays and so-called
coronal mass ejections from the sun, powerful eruptions of the
material that makes stars that increase alongside sunspots during
the solar cycle.

Van Allen is the famed discoverer of the radiation belts, high
above Earth, that protect our planet from the worst effects of
such blasts, in much the same way as the heliosphere screens cosmic
rays.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source:National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, University of Chicago, Sunspot Index Data
Center(Line graphs)

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 24, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Deciphering software upgrades; year 2000 bugs

BYLINE: Tamara E. Holmes

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 498 words


Q: With all of the upgrades for software products, how do I
know if one is major or worth getting?

A: Usually when a product receives a major upgrade, its version
number will rise an entire number -- from 3.0 to 4.0, for example.
If it moves from 3.0 to 3.1, the upgrade is probably a fix for
some glitch or contains a few minor revisions. But you shouldn't
go by just the number. A software fix, while not meriting a whole
new version number, may be crucial. Before you decide whether
you need an upgrade, find out what it offers. Most software companies
have Web sites detailing new features. If not, call the company.


Q: Will the year 2000 glitch affect Mac users?

A: It won't affect the Macintosh operating system, but it may
affect some Mac applications. The year 2000 glitch will affect
software programmed to name years using the last two numbers --
1997 would be listed 97. In the year 2000, the software won't
know a new century has rolled around. The Mac operating system
is not programmed with the two-number date; neither are Windows
95 and Windows NT. (If your system is affected, one fix is at
http://www.rightime.com.) However, some applications might not
be year-2000-ready. The problem is more likely to affect old applications.
If you have applications that use dates, such as contact managers
or spreadsheets, enter the year 2000; if the application doesn't
recognize the year or otherwise malfunctions, you'll need to upgrade.
If you're using an application that's affected, it's probably
time to upgrade anyway.

Q: A utility program found a "bad sector" on my hard drive.
Is this a major problem?

A: It could be a big deal, if data are stored in it. A bad sector
is a segment of your hard drive that is physically impaired, preventing
data from being read from or written to it. Your operating system
will recognize and isolate bad sectors, so that as far as applications
and operations are concerned, that space doesn't exist. Many hard
drives have bad sectors that developed during manufacturing; these
usually don't pose a problem because no data were ever written
on them. But when a drive is damaged after data have been saved,
you would most likely need a special file recovery utility to
get your data back.

Q: I usually delete the README files that come with new software
because I prefer to look to the manual for instructions. But a
co-worker told me the README files contain different information.
Is he right?

A: Sometimes README files duplicate data in a manual, but more
often they contain information on last-minute changes or updates
to the software. Also, some software developers try to save money
by putting much of their explanatory information within the program
and having as little information printed up as possible. You should
always look at the README file (a text file that can be read in
any word processing program) or at least save it in case you need
it later.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday

Health Department: Smoke from Western U.S. wildfires likely to affect Front
Range air quality; worst effects to hit Western Slope

BYLINE: Nate A. Miller, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


Aug. 20--Smoke from the hundreds of wildfires burning in the western United
States has made its way to Colorado, prompting the Colorado Department of Public
Health and Environment to issue a wildfire smoke health advisory Thursday for
the western portion of the state and warn that the Front Range would be
affected.

"Light to locally heavy smoke transported from large wildfires in several
western states will impact large parts of northwest and west-central Colorado
through at least Friday morning," the advisory stated. "Smoke from those fires
in the western U.S. will also impact the rest of Colorado not currently under
the wildfire smoke health advisory, including the Front Range region."

Kari Bowen, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service, said it's not
unusual for smoke from the Western United States to make its way to northeastern
Colorado because of the jet stream.

"The upper-level jet can carry air from the north down into our region," she
said. "It has happened a number of times since I started living here a couple of
years ago, where we've had smoke from fires in the Northwest get picked up by
the jet and carried into the area."

She said with all the fires burning right now, it's likely the smoke is
affecting Colorado's air.

"A lot of the particulates can get trapped and create that hazy, reduced air
quality effect," she said. "There's definitely a lot of fires going on in the
Northwest so a lot of that smoke is getting trapped and being brought down into
the region. It's very much diluted in terms of the intensity of the smoke, but
it can cause some issues to folks who might be sensitive to that."

The health department advisory, which is in effect until 9 a.m. Friday, was
issued for areas of the state west of the Continental Divide below 9,000 feet.
It included Grand Junction, Delta, Montrose, Rifle, Glenwood Springs, Eagle,
Aspen, Gunnison, Hot Sulphur Springs, Walden, Steamboat Springs, Craig and
Meeker.

The health department advisory recommends that residents with heart disease and
respiratory illnesses, as well as the very young, and the elderly remain indoors
if smoke becomes heavy. Residents also should consider limiting outdoor
activities when moderate to heavy smoke is present.

Drought and heat have combined to make this fire season one of the most active
in recent years in the West. Nearly 29,000 firefighters are battling some 100
large blazes in states including Idaho, Oregon, Montana, Washington and
California.

___ (c)2015 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150820-GY-Health-Department-Smoke-from-Western-U-S-wildfires-likely-to-affect
-Front-Range-air-quality-worst-effects-to-hit-Western-Slope-0820-20150820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2015 Greeley Tribune


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 24, 2009, Thursday

SPORTS Briefs

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P3B

LENGTH: 843 words


Notre Dame QB: Turf toe could affect his play

SOUTH BEND, Ind. - Notre Dame quarterback Jimmy Clausen says the turf toe injury
to his right foot could affect his play against Purdue.

The injury affects the foot he uses to plant when making throws.

The Irish will also be without top receiver Michael Floyd because of a broken
collarbone. Duval Kamara, Robby Parris and three other receivers are expected to
vie for playing time.

Finchem says PGA Tour may lose events

ATLANTA - PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem says its highly unlikely that golf
will make it through the end of next year without losing corporate sponsors and
possibly some tournaments.

Finchem said Wednesday that marketing budgets remain small even as the economy
is showing signs of a recovery. The tour has about a dozen sponsors that have
contracts through 2010, and negotiations are ongoing.

"I think it's possible we could lose a couple of events,'' Finchem said. "It's
probable that we're going to lose some sponsors. They're two different things,
really. ... It most likely will be some more sponsorship loss.''

Zellous, Nolan help Shock beat Fever, 72-56

AUBURN HILLS, Mich. - Shavonte Zellous scored 23 points and Deanna Nolan added
22 as the Detroit Shock easily cruised to a 72-56 victory over the Indiana Fever
on Wednesday night in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference finals.

The Shock, seeking their fourth straight trip to the WNBA finals, have knocked
out the Fever in each of the last three postseasons. Game 2 is Friday night at
Indiana.

Katie Douglas led Indiana with 16 points.

NFL: Favre says NFL fines for Jets 'very unfair'

Brett Favre said Wednesday he believes the fines handed down by the NFL for his
absence from last year's New York Jets injury reports were "very unfair.''

Favre was asked by reporters for the first time about the $125,000 in penalties
levied on the Jets organization ($75,000), general manager Mike Tannenbaum
($25,000), and former head coach Eric Mangini ($25,000).

"I just think it's wrong,'' Favre said. "They did everything that I felt they
were supposed to.''

Favre earlier this month revealed the process he and the Jets went through in
assessing the health of his throwing arm last December. He played through a torn
biceps tendon, and his performance suffered. The NFL investigated and announced
the fines last week for Mangini's failure to list Favre on the injury report.

-The NFL has been granted more time to file documents asking a federal appeals
court to reconsider the league's plan to suspend Minnesota Vikings Pat Williams
and Kevin Williams.

-Matt Hasselbeck is watching practice while wearing a green baseball cap, yet
the Seahawks are not ruling their quarterback out of Sunday's game against
Chicago. Seattle coach Jim Mora said Wednesday that even if Hasselbeck doesn't
practice all week because of a broken rib, the three-time Pro Bowler will play
if he and team doctors say he can.

Source: Kansas' Tyshawn Taylor hurt in scuffle

LAWRENCE, Kan. - Tyshawn Taylor, a sophomore guard on the Kansas basketball
team, was treated at a hospital Tuesday night after being injured in a scuffle
among athletes, The Associated Press has learned.

A person close to the situation says Taylor was treated for an injury to his
hand that may sideline him for 4-6 weeks. The person spoke on condition of
anonymity because the school's inquiry was not complete.

Taylor is expected to be a major part of a Jayhawks team that will enter the
season with lofty expectations. He was Kansas' third-leading scorer as a
freshman, averaging almost 10 points.

The Lawrence Journal-World first reported the injury. It said the scuffle
involved football and basketball players at the building where athletes' meals
are served.

N.J. Nets, Russia's richest man agree to deal

NEW YORK - Russia's richest man has a deal to buy a controlling interest in the
New Jersey Nets and nearly half of a project to build a new arena in Brooklyn.

Mikhail Prokhorov's Onexim Group announced the deal Wednesday with Forest City
Ratner Companies and Nets Sports and Entertainment. They say they have signed a
letter of intent to create a partnership for the development of the Atlantic
Yards Project.

According to the agreement, entities to be formed by Onexim Group will invest
$200 million and make certain funding commitments to acquire 80 percent of the
NBA team, 45 percent of the arena project and the right to purchase up to 20
percent of the Atlantic Yards Development Company, which will develop the
non-arena real estate.

Prokhorov would be the first non-North American NBA owner.

Short orders

-Wake Forest has suspended safety Junior Petit-Jean for the rest of the season.
School officials said Wednesday they suspended the redshirt sophomore for
violating undisclosed team rules.

-Yankees catcher Jorge Posada has no broken bones in his foot after fouling a
ball off his toes during Tuesday's victory over the Angels.

-Veteran Utah Jazz forward Matt Harpring will not take part in the team's
training camp or preseason and will miss the start of the regular NBA season.

- the associated press

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Kelp supply puts spot prawn future in doubt

BYLINE: Susan Lazaruk, The Province

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 507 words


About half of all the kelp in Howe Sound has disappeared, thanks to starfish
dying off over the past two or three years, and that could affect the spot prawn
harvest in future.

As prawn lovers await the first batch of B.C.'s tasty, short-lived shellfish
delicacy - expected to hit the shore Friday, a day after the 2016 fishing season
opens - a Vancouver Aquarium researcher is warning the loss of kelp could hurt
baby prawns in future years.

The size of this year's harvest won't be known until Friday, according to Steven
Richards of the Pacific Prawn Fishermen's Association, but "it's looking good,
everyone's pumped."

But the depleted kelp beds are "nursery habitat" for the reddishbrown shrimp
known for its sweet flavour and firm texture, and popular around the world.

It takes a few years for the hermaphrodite shrimp to go from male to female and
be ready for harvest, and healthy kelp beds are important for their early
development, said researcher Jessica Schultz, who has released a paper on how
the loss of the kelp affects the Howe Sound ecosystem.

About 2,500 tonnes of the prawns with the distinctive spots on their tails and
legs are harvested every year in B.C., for six to eight weeks starting in May,
and 65 per cent of catch comes from the waters between Vancouver Island and the
mainland, according to the 2016 Spot Prawn Festival website.

"We don't want to be alarmist about (a harvest downturn), but it's what we're
keeping an eye on," Schultz said.

"Kelp is important for habitat and for food."

She said the depletion of kelp can also affect other sea life, such as hermit
crabs and small fish that feed larger species, and reduce the ecosystem's
important carbon storage.

She said she and other researchers have traced the killing of the kelp to the
overabundance of sea urchins.

The urchins are proliferating because their main predator in the area, the sea
star or starfish, has been dying off because of the "wasting syndrome," a virus
that has killed up 95 per cent of the starfish in some areas along the West
Coast, from Alaska to Mexico.

"There's nothing else that stands out (to explain the loss of kelp)," she said.

Droves of baby starfish are returning to the shores of Oregon and Northern
California, according to Oregon State University research reported by The
Associated Press.

The number of juveniles that survived the summer and winter of 2015 was
"unprecedented" and "as much as 300 times normal" in Oregon and California,
according to U.S. researchers, who called the abundance "encouraging." Schultz
said B.C. researchers are monitoring the starfish and "we haven't seen it (the
reported increase)."

She said there was a "larger recruitment" of "many, many juveniles" in B.C. in
2014, but the adults have yet to be seen.

Schultz said the young starfish may have moved out into the ocean or been lost
to the wasting syndrome.

She and other researchers will continue to monitor the sea stars and the kelp.

slazaruk@postmedia.com twitter.com/susanlazaruk !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vancouver Aquarium; Vancouver Aquarium Researcher Jessica Schultz has
just released a paper on how the loss of kelp affects the Howe Sound ecosystem.
It could affect the supply of spot prawn in the future.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          WPMT-TV (York Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Southwest cancels hundreds of flights; Philly, Baltimore feeling affect

BYLINE: Michael Gorsegner, WPMT-TV, York, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


April 04--YORK -- If you're hitting the friendly skies this morning, be aware
Southwest is cancelling about a 100 flights nationwide. Those cancellations,
following nearly 600 grounded flights over the weekend.

Southwest has grounded 79 of its Boeing 737-300's after a huge hole opened up
during a flight on Friday night. That flight, taking off in Phoenix, had to make
an emergency landing. And while no one was hurt, the out of service aircraft
will mean a ripple effect of cancellations all across the U.S.

A cell phone picture shows a five foot crack found in the Southwest plane Friday
night. The hole, opening up in the fuselage, caused the plane to lose altitude
and make an emergency landing. Since that flight, Southwest has taken 79 other
737-300's out of the air to be checked for similar problems.

Out of those 79 planes, Southwest has examined 21 of them, finding similar
cracking in two other planes. The rest of the safety inspections will be done
over the next two days with everyone saying, safety needs to be the paramount
concern.

"You want to hope this kind of thing never happens but certainly something were
to happen like it did that they would checking all the plans that were flying,"
said BWI passenger Bindi Johnson.

"Right now we are in the beginning stages of the investigation and we don't have
a great deal of the investigation. Boeing will be here to help provide technical
assistance to us," said Robert Sumwalt from the National Transportation Safety
Board.

There are over 900 of these same aircrafts in service worldwide, with almost 300
used domestically.

Southwest released this statement Sunday in response to the weekend's events.
"What we saw with Flight 812 was a new and unknown issue. We regret any customer
inconveniences as a result of the inspections currently underway. Delays and
cancelations are never the preference, however we are taking every precaution we
can to ensure that our operation is safe," said Mike Van De Ven, Southwest
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer.

Over the weekend, Southwest canceled nearly 600 flights and that is going to
continue until at least tomorrow, when the inspections are expected to be done.
Locally, Philadelphia International Airport saw four cancelations because of the
grounded flights. Baltimore Washington International Airport is reporting one
canceled flight for Southwest. Southwest doesn't fly into or out of Harrisburg
International Airport, so flights there are not affected.

To see more of WPMT-YV, go to http://www.fox43.com/ Copyright (c) 2011, WPMT-TV,
York, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110404-5YO-Southwest-cancels-hundreds-of-flights-Philly-Baltimore-feeling-
affect-0404-20110404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5YO


                             Copyright 2011 WPMT-TV


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 26, 2013 Tuesday

Departure from Michigan could affect recruiting

BYLINE: Rachel Lenzi, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 636 words


Feb. 26--At first glance, Jerry Montgomery's impending move from the University
of Michigan's football program to Oklahoma could appear to be a blip on the
national radar.

But when it comes to analyzing such a move, the Wolverines may have lost not
only a defensive line coach, but one of their key catalysts when it comes to
recruiting.

The Oklahoman and Scout.com reported Saturday that Montgomery has accepted a job
on Bob Stoops' staff at Oklahoma, though neither Michigan nor Oklahoma have
announced or commented on Montgomery's move. While Montgomery is expected to
work with the Sooners' defensive line, he's also likely to play a role in
Oklahoma's recruiting plans.

Montgomery is expected to bring a regional tilt to Stoops' staff,
recruiting-wise -- namely his reach in prospect-rich regions of Florida and his
ties to Ohio. Oklahoma draws the bulk of its 2013 recruiting class from Texas,
Oklahoma, and California.

Working under Wolverines recruiting coordinator Jeff Hecklinski, Montgomery
played a key role in Michigan landing commitments from defensive end Taco
Charlton of Pickerington and defensive tackle Henry Poggi of Baltimore. Before
he left, Montgomery established a working relationship with defensive end
Da'Shawn Hand of Woodbridge, Va., considered one of the nation's top 2014
recruits.

"Jerry Montgomery is a guy who prospects and recruits talked about a lot," said
J.C. Shurburtt, national recruiting director for the recruiting Web site
247Sports.com. "He's a person who has a way to relate and build relationships
with recruits. The fact that Michigan lost him, it's going to require some
circling of the wagons or an adjustment period. But if it's this early in the
process, it doesn't hurt [Michigan] as much. It's not necessarily a situation
where they might lose a couple recruits, where, at other schools, maybe
sometimes something like this is."

But another thing that works in Montgomery's favor, regardless of his employer?
His ability to establish some sort of common ground in working with and wooing
high school students as potential college football players. Montgomery is 32
years old and a former four-year starter at defensive tackle at Iowa who enters
his seventh year as a college football assistant following stints at Northern
Iowa, Wyoming, and Michigan.

"A lot of young kids feel that if a guy's not that old, or not too old, they'll
be able to relate to him," Shurburtt said. "If you've got someone who you look
at and think you can relate to, there's a certain comfort level.

"There's programs with tradition, programs that consistently win, programs that
have great fans and great facilities. But when you're talking about recruiting
at the level of a school like Michigan or Ohio State, for a lot of recruits, it
comes down to the relationships and the comfort level they have with top coaches
and recruiters."

ESPN.com reported Sunday that Montgomery has already reached out to 2014
recruits on behalf of Oklahoma, including Hand, but one of Hand's coaches told
ESPN.com that Michigan defense coordinator Greg Mattison will remain the point
person in recruiting Hand, who said last month that Michigan is one of his top
college choices.

"Short-term, there's plenty of time to re-establish relationships and a comfort
level," Shurburtt said. "But long-term, this could be a big move for Oklahoma.

"Michigan is a fast-starting team when it comes to recruiting, because they'll
get 18-20 commitments early and then fill out their needs. I don't think, given
recent history, it will slow certain things. But it will have a minimal impact,
long-term, at Michigan."

Contact Rachel Lenzi at:

rlenzi@theblade.com,

419-724-6510 or on

Twitter @RLenziBlade.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130226-TO-Departure-from-Michigan-could-affect
-recruiting-0226-20130226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              July 1, 2007 Sunday
                                WEB ONLY EDITION

TIPS ON COPING WITH THE SUMMER FLIGHT TRAVEL TROUBLES

BYLINE: David Bear, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 413 words


With one airline after another experiencing meltdowns this summer in the wake of
bad weather and labor-shortage problems, what's a passenger to do?

First, it's best to arm yourself with up-to-date information and be prepared to
advocate on your own behalf if a problem arises. Be proactive, not reactive.

Even if the day is sunny outside, never leave for the airport before getting
status updates both on your flight, as well as any circumstances that might
affect its departure or your ability to get to the gate on time.

You can call your carrier, but increasingly that can be a frustrating experience
as the automatic information is often outdated and it's difficult to get a live
person to find out more.

Most airline Web sites make it easy to check on estimated departure times, and
Pittsburgh International maintains its own helpful Web site,
www.flypittsburgh.com, which provides departure and arrival times for daily
flights, based on updates from carriers, as well as status reports on security
lines and on-site parking.

But flight information can be limited, not up to the minute and won't include
warnings about weather and air traffic conditions that may affect flight
schedules at your connecting or destination airports.

A better option is to check with another Web site, Flightstats.com. Its
computers automatically assemble, assimilate and analyze real time data from
airlines, airports and the FAA's Aircraft Situation Display to Industry, as well
as weather services to produce a more predictive portrait of pending factors
that might affect your journey.

In addition to informing you about flight delays at your local airport, you'll
learn when weather conditions in Philadelphia, New York, Chicago, Charlotte,
Atlanta and other airports will affect your connections there. What's more, it
offers provisional status forecasts up to three days before your departure. You
can access this free information from your computer, PDA or cell phone.

Other proactive tips to take to increase the chance you'll have a smooth trip:

Schedule flights early in the day, before afternoon storms cause delays or
cancellations.

If flying somewhere to join a cruise or tour, consider arriving a day early to
make sure you don't miss it if your flight is canceled or delayed.

If you have paid a lot of money in deposits for these arrangements, buy trip
interruption insurance.

If catching a connecting flight, make sure you schedule extra time between them
in case your first flight is delayed.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Affectiva, Inc. (Massachusetts) on November 22,
2016 titled as "Video recommendation using affect"

LENGTH: 199 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,503,786 on November 22, 2016, to Affectiva, Inc. (Massachusetts) titled as
"Video recommendation using affect"

Inventors: el Kaliouby; Rana (Milton, MA), Mahmoud; Abdelrahman (Somerville,
MA), Turcot; Panu James (San Francisco, CA)


Assignee: Affectiva, Inc. (Waltham, MA) (Massachusetts)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Analysis of mental states is provided to enable data analysis pertaining to
video recommendation based on affect. Analysis and recommendation can be for
socially shared livestream video. Video response may be evaluated based on
viewing and sampling various videos. Data is captured for viewers of a video
where the data includes facial information and/or physiological data. Facial and
physiological information may be gathered for a group of viewers. In some
embodiments, demographics information is collected and used as a criterion for
visualization of affect responses to videos. In some embodiments, data captured
from an individual viewer or group of viewers is used to rank videos."

The patent was filed on August 10, 2015 Application No. 14/821,896


LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   January 11, 2003 Saturday Marshall Edition

Officials always under siege

BYLINE: By DAVID HAUGH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1; COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1018 words



Sitting in the ABC Sports booth high atop Sun Devil Stadium last Friday night in
Tempe, Ariz., sitting next to broadcasting legend Keith Jackson, sitting in
judgment of Big 12 field judge Terry Porter, David Parry's first reaction when
he stood up was worry.

Parry, like the 29.1 million people at home watching the Fiesta Bowl on TV, had
just seen Porter call pass-interference on Miami cornerback Glenn Sharpe, whose
end-zone collision with Ohio State wide receiver Chris Gamble coincided with the
ball arriving.

Actually, Porter originally signaled defensive holding but called
pass-interference, which might explain why he waited too long -- several seconds
-- to throw the flag.

To compound the confusion, Porter made the call from the back of the end zone
even though another official was on top of the play.

It all happened on fourth down in overtime of the national championship Fiesta
Bowl: Ohioans had not had a call affect them this profoundly since Art Modell
phoned to say he was leaving town.

Instantly Parry, one of the most measured voices in college sports and the NCAA
Coordinator of Officials, knew the call would affect colleague and Big 12
Supervisor of Officials Tim Millis, watching the game a booth way, almost as
profoundly.

Not to mention how Parry knew the last few seconds might affect the next few
years of the career, and quite possibly the life, of Porter.

After all, like lawyers and journalists, referees are people, too, no matter how
low they rank on the public's respect meter.

"When I saw that particular play, immediately I guess I felt very sorry for the
supervisor (Millis),'' Parry recalled Friday from his home in Michigan City,
"and I began to feel for the official (Porter) and hoped he could support that
call.''

Replays showed he couldn't beyond a doubt.

Parry prefers not to "pass judgment'' until he sees the game film referees use
to evaluate their performances, but allows that the call deserves the scrutiny
it has received.

He thinks Porter made a bad situation worse by calling pass-interference on the
field but describing defensive holding in his post-game explanation. He also
understands why some Miami residents viewed the outcome as legitimate as their
state's election results in the 2000 Presidential election.

"What I saw on TV only,'' Parry said, "didn't look real strong to support (the
call).''

It capped a difficult year for the men in striped shirts everywhere, in every
conference.

Remember the blown TD call on Notre Dame receiver Omar Jenkins' apparent catch
in the Boston College game that might have changed the Irish season? Remember
the initial outcry to the Washington State fumble in the Nov. 23 loss to
Washington that then-coach Mike Price called an "unforgivable'' call?

When asked if the phrase "Officials Under Siege,'' might summarize the past
football season for him, Parry replied, "Yeah, that'd be a good way to describe
it.''

In the Big Ten, blown calls in the Purdue-Wake Forest game in September led to
reprimands for four officials. Ohio State had so many close calls in close games
that referees were being given as much credit as Maurice Clarett for the
Buckeyes' Big Ten title.

Of course, Penn State coach Joe Paterno, who ran down an official in the tunnel
and requested a formal review, believed his team had been jobbed so often that
someone close to Paterno childishly hung a referee in effigy on his front door
with his blessing.

No wonder the 67-year-old Parry considers this season the most taxing in his 12
years as the Big Ten Supervisor of Officials.

To think statistically it has been one of the best.

In 2001, for example, Parry cites evidence that says in 75 Big Ten games league
officials made 364 calls that were considered "down grades,'' or questionable
calls. In 2002, that number increased to 379 but Big Ten crews called 82 games -
seven more than the previous year. Thus, the '02 average of 4.6 bad calls per
game represents an improvement over the '01 average of 4.8 - at best, an
improvement; at worst, the status quo.

Remember, we're talking about roughly 165 plays a game and nearly 13,500 a
season.

Already this offseason, Parry met with Big Ten coaches last Tuesday in New
Orleans at the American Football Coaches Association meeting to address
installing instant replay, improving training methods, and instituting ways to
hold bad officials more accountable.

"It's never where you want it to be but looking at the numbers and the game
itself, the level of officiating is as good if not better than it's ever been,''
Parry said. "We had four or five of those flaws at the most inopportune times -
a game that was high-profile on TV.''

He has compared the task of being an official, which pays $725 per game
including round-trip airfare and $320 for expenses in the Big Ten - with police
work. "Nobody ever calls 911 to say, 'Have a nice day,' '' Parry likes to say.

"There's a real spotlight on officials these days, maybe unfairly, but that's
the world we're in,'' Parry said. "I tell our guys, 'If you want to work in the
Big Ten, if you want that Michigan-Ohio State game, you'd better be ready to
know that with one bad call, you could live in infamy.''

That reality entered Parry's mind before every one of the NFL games he
officiated in 15 seasons, including the 1983 Super Bowl. That same thought will
nag him today as he drives down to Florida for a well-deserved winter's vacation
- especially when Parry passes through Tennessee.

Parry's son, John, will officiate his first NFL Playoff game at 4:30 today in
Nashville when the Tennessee Titans take on the Pittsburgh Steelers.

With all the attention focused on NFL officiating after last Sunday's blown call
in the Giants-49ers game resulted in a rare apology from the commissioner's
office ("I applaud the NFL for that ... sometimes you have to bite the bullet,''
Parry said.), father hopes he doesn't see his son on SportsCenter tonight.

"He's pumped up about his first game,'' Parry said. "But we're all a little
nervous.''

After Parry's past few months, can you blame him?


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

A CLASSROOM FOR CLIMATE CHANGE;
SOME ATTACK $500,000 FOR LAB AS PORK

BYLINE: By MARK PITSCH mpitsch@madison.com 608-252-6145

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 959 words


A science education center in Monona, funded in part with a $500,000 taxpayer
grant slipped into the state budget with little scrutiny, could serve as a
national model for teaching young people about climate change, organizers said.

"Climate change is the single biggest issue that's going to affect our lives,
and it's not just global warming," said Terry Kelly, chairman of the Aldo
Leopold Nature Center, which is developing the $2.7 million, 4,000-square-foot
classroom addition and interactive laboratory on its campus.

"It affects food growing. It affects the spread of disease. It affects our
coasts and oceans. It just has a massive impact on life, not to mention energy
policy."

The "green" classroom and lab, complete with solar energy and heating, would
feature cutting-edge technology that adapts exhibits and programs to the
education levels of its visitors, which environmental education experts said
could be unique in the country. That would be combined with a curriculum and
research opportunities for students.

But the project has come under criticism from some as emblematic of wasteful
state spending during difficult economic times.

"It's part of a slew of earmarks (and) pork that have been inserted in the
budget at the last minute at a time when we have a $6.6 billion deficit," said
Sen. Alberta Darling, R-River Hills, the top Senate Republican on the
Legislature's budget committee.

In addition to the climate classroom and lab, lawmakers added dozens of earmarks
to the two versions of the 2009-11 budget, including $6.6 million for the Dane
County Yahara River Watershed Project, $50,000 for a public shooting range in
Eau Claire and $46,000 for recycling bins in Wrightstown.

Six months in the making

The Nature Center has been quietly laying the groundwork for the climate change
classroom and lab over the past six months, lining up partnerships with the Aldo
Leopold Foundation, academic departments at UW-Madison, the Madison schools and
the state departments of Natural Resources and Public Instruction.

But the project remained under wraps until two Democratic legislators, Rep. Mark
Pocan of Madison and Sen. Mark Miller of Monona, inserted a $500,000 state grant
in the 2009-11 budget plan issued by the powerful Joint Finance Committee, which
the men co-chair.

The Assembly and the Senate kept the grant in their versions of the budget,
passed earlier this year, so there's a good chance it will remain in the final
version agreed to by the two chambers. Gov. Jim Doyle also supports the project,
said spokesman Lee Sensenbrenner.

Kelly said the state money - and support from Doyle and state agencies - will
allow the group to raise the additional money, about $2.2 million, needed to
build the center, develop programming and curriculum and pay for initial
operations, Kelly said. A fundraising announcement could come next month, he
said.

Kelly also rejected the criticism over the earmark and said the project is
"fiscally responsible."

He said the spending will lead to construction jobs and other employment at the
center, the creation of climate-change curriculum that the Nature Center can
sell across the county and the climate classroom and lab becoming a regional
destination for students from pre-school to high school.

The climate classroom and lab could also be a model that can be replicated
across the county, he said.

"It can bring the state regional and national leadership," Kelly said.

"An incredibly audacious goal

The most unusual element of the classroom and lab will be its ability to change
exhibits and programs to match the educational level of visitors, Kelly said.

"It's an incredibly audacious goal, but we are intending to design the
interactive systems so that a teacher can enter the building and push a button"
to change the programming, he said.

Climate change has generated interest as a school subject recently. The
Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday issued a middle school "toolkit" on
the subject and NASA this month asked for proposals on creating teaching
materials on climate change as part of a $14 million initiative.

But Elaine Andrews, director of the Environmental Resources Center at UW-Madison
and a national leader in environmental education, said the new Nature Center
project is one of the "most comprehensive" youth science programs she's aware
of.

"Their proposal is state-of-the-art and certainly addresses a need for the Great
Lakes region," Andrews said.

Dan Seligson, a spokesman for the National Environmental Education Foundation,
said the climate classroom and lab is "fairly unique."

A destination for students

The Nature Center serves 30,000 youths annually, and Kelly said the climate
classroom and lab could serve as a second destination point for Wisconsin
schoolchildren who visit the Capitol.

Preliminary design work is underway on the building, and the group is lining up
"a very interesting and exciting architect," Kelly said.

Construction could start as early as this fall, he said.

STATE BUDGET EARMARKS

Selected fiscal earmarks, sometimes called pork or pet projects, included in
either the Senate or Assembly versions of the 2009-11 state budget proposal, or
both:

COST PROJECT COUNTY

$10 million Marquette University Engineering Building Milwaukee

$6.6 million Yahara River Watershed Project Dane

$5 million Bradley Center Milwaukee

$800,000 AIDS Resource Center Dane

$700,000 Pleasant Prairie Technology Incubator Center Kenosha

$500,000 Aldo Leopold Nature Center Dane

$500,000 Oshkosh Opera House Winnebago

$250,000 Madison Children's Museum Dane

Source: Legislative Fiscal Bureau

WEB EXTRA

DOCUMENTS: Legislative Fiscal Bureau memos to Republican lawmakers about
earmarks contained in the Senate and Assembly versions of their 2009-11 budget
bills.

Go to: madison.com/wsj

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Apps - State Journal Shania Weaver, 10, right, looks at the muck
she scooped up from a pond at the Also Leopold nature Center in Monona. Girls
from the Boys and Girls Club of Dane County examine life in a pond at the Aldo
Leopold Nature Center in Monona this week. With the help of a $500,000 state
grant, the center plans to build a 4,000-square-foot classroom and lab to study
climate change.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

Referendum affects local Sudanese

BYLINE: Jane Turpin Moore, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1018 words


Dec. 26--WORTHINGTON -- Yar Kang is on a mission, and she doesn't plan to stop
until she sees it fulfilled.

"Southern Sudanese people are made to feel like second-class citizens in their
own country, and that's just not right," Kang emphasized as she explained the
decades-long struggle between the predominantly Muslim-populated north Sudan and
the mainly Christian demographic of southern Sudan, of which she is a native.

The resulting civil war has seen over two million people killed and many more
fleeing Sudan, with some, like Kang, now granted political asylum in the U.S. or
elsewhere while others linger in refugee camps. Still others remain in Sudan,
hoping and working for positive change.

"We are calling for all American people to support us," Kang said in reference
to the Southern Sudan Referendum 2011, a long-awaited vote to be taken Jan. 9
that, if approved, would officially separate the governments of north and south
Sudan.

With a bright smile and statuesque presence--she's more than 6 feet tall--Kang
radiates energy and earnestness, with underlying notes of steely resolve and
sadness nevertheless readily apparent.

"I have lost many family members--more than 40--in the war," Kang said, lowering
her gaze and growing suddenly sober before adding that her brother, Hakim, was a
general in the south Sudanese army who was killed in battle. His wife and
children came to the U.S. after his death.

Kang, a 35-year-old single mother of two school-age sons, first made her way to
the U.S., which she says is a "beautiful country," when she was 19. Having
worked in Egypt as a nanny for an American family whose father was a professor
at American University there, she was aided by them in making the transition to
the U.S., promising she would some day return to Sudan.

Today she is working as a translator for families new to the U.S. and running an
annual "Miss Sudan" pageant both in Sioux Falls, S.D., where she currently
lives, and in Kansas City--but her most important task at present is advocating
for and assisting other Sudanese immigrants in voting on Jan. 9 in favor of
south Sudan's independence.

Omaha, Neb., is the regional voting site for Sudanese in the upper Midwest, and
eligible Sudanese must appear at Omaha in person on Jan. 9. Kang is involved in
organizing transportation, praying a blizzard or other bad weather won't
prohibit travel on that date, and working to surmount other obstacles.

For instance, because the southern region of Sudan is oil-rich, the north
Sudanese are not keen on losing access to and revenues from those oil fields.
Kang reports agents from north Sudan are actively bribing area Sudanese to not
vote on Jan. 9, and because 60 percent of eligible voters must turn out in order
for a positive referendum vote to be recognized, each vote is critical.

A simple majority vote would result in the south's independence, and southern
Sudanese citizens have waited six years, at the Sudanese government's
insistence, for the all-important referendum.

Mike Potter, president of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union, Local
1161, estimates that slightly over 100 Sudanese immigrants currently work at
Worthington's JBS plant. Because JBS has a strong employee recruitment and
retention program and does a good job of helping employees of various
ethnicities remain connected with their cultures, Potter guesses JBS has been
sympathetic to employees' efforts to make the Jan. 9 trip to Omaha.

A friend of Kang's, Alfred Wel, is another native of south Sudan who is
vigorously working to encourage area Sudanese people to "stand up for
separation," as he puts it.

Though endlessly grateful for the refuge he has found in the U.S.--"I am deeply
happy with America; I love America," he professed--Wel dreams of returning to
Sudan, and especially to a self-ruled south Sudan, "where Christians can worship
freely and where Islamic culture is not forced upon us."

"Three thousand, six hundred and sixty-eight days," Wel answered without a
moment's hesitation when asked how long he has been in the U.S., highlighting
his hope that his time here is only temporary.

Wel, 35, recalls that his mother made and sold beer as a means of supporting his
family when he was young.

"She wanted to buy me a pen and notebook, a book bag and clothes so I could go
to school," Wel reported.

But when he was in third grade, she was prohibited by Sharia, or Islamic law
(which forbids the sale or consumption of alcohol, among other things) from
continuing to peddle the beer, and thus the family's livelihood was wiped out.

"My mom was fighting for me to go forward and make a better life, and she was
shut down," Wel said.

Kang, who once worked at Worthington's JBS plant and plans to seek employment
there again when her efforts on behalf of the Southern Sudan Referendum are
completed, holds up Salva Kiir, the current president of Sudan's southern
region, as one of her heroes--along with past U.S. President George W. Bush, who
signed a peace accord for south Sudan during his presidential tenure.

She notes that U.S. Senator John F. Kerry and actor George Clooney are among
other well-known people who have taken up the cause of south Sudanese
independence, but she wishes all U.S. Congressmen would step forward on their
behalf.

"We think it's time," said Kang.

Meanwhile, Kang is in perpetual motion in her attempts to mobilize eligible
Sudanese voters for the Jan. 9 referendum, doing her best to reassure those
intimidated by the north Sudanese that their positive vote is worth whatever
risk they may be taking.

"I tell them, 'Think about your brother who was killed, your sisters who were
raped, your Bible,'" exhorted Kang. "If you believe in separation and want to be
free, you must go to Omaha on Jan. 9 and vote.

"This is my mission."

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101226-QG-Referendum-affects-local-Sudanese-1226-20101226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily Globe


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

New game importation rule will affect taxidermists and meat processors

BYLINE: Sam Cook, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 671 words


Oct. 09--A new Minnesota rule aimed at preventing the spread of chronic wasting
disease in deer may cost taxidermists and game processors thousands of dollars
in lost sales.

"It's huge," said Duluth taxidermist Randy Bowe of the new regulation. "Every
taxidermist in the state will be affected by it. Every meat processor in the
state will be affected by it."

Under the new ruling, hunters may no longer bring into Minnesota whole deer,
elk, moose or caribou from anywhere else in North America. Chronic wasting
disease is spread by brain tissue or spinal fluid from animals infected with the
disease.

"I went over my books, and this would have cost me 15 grand last year," said
Bowe, who owns Bowe Taxidermy.

Taxidermist Bob Christianson of International Falls said he has lost about
$3,000 in sales so far this fall due to the ruling.

Tom Provost, regional enforcement supervisor for the Minnesota Department of
Natural Resources in Grand Rapids, said different policies will guide
enforcement for those who bring in cervid carcasses from other states and
provinces. If someone brings in a carcass from regions where CWD has been found,
that animal will be seized, bagged and either incinerated or taken to a lined
landfill.

If a hunter brings in a carcass from a region where CWD is not present, "we will
work with the hunter to ensure the animal was from a non-endemic area, where the
level of contamination would be virtually nil, we'll do a little paperwork and
likely allow the hunter to continue the transaction with the taxidermist or meat
processor. We'll make sure the carcass is disposed of (properly)," Provost said.

John Chalstrom of Chalstrom's Bait and Tackle north of Duluth says the ruling
likely won't affect his venison processing business to a great degree.

"It could affect my late-season stuff," he said. "During that final weekend (of
deer season), I probably take in nine or 10 deer from local guys who hunt
Wisconsin's rifle opener and bring them back. The guys hunting out West always
bring their animals in quartered."

DNR officials say they initiated the change to keep Minnesota deer healthy. The
prevalence and geographic spread of chronic wasting disease is increasing, they
say.

"I understand the reasoning (behind the rule), and I agree with it,"
Christianson said. "We have to protect our herd here. That stuff (CWD
contamination from animal parts) stays in the ground a long time, and some
people just dump their carcasses in the woods."

Under the new law, hunters may bring to Minnesota only:

-- Meat that is boned out

-- Meat that is cut and wrapped, either commercially or privately

-- Quarters or other portions with no part of the spinal column or head attached

-- Hide and teeth

-- Antlers or clean skull plates with antlers attached and all brain tissue
removed

-- Finished taxidermy mounts.

Under the new rule, if a hunter brings an illegal out-of-state carcass to a
taxidermist, the taxidermist is required to take the hunter's contact
information and forward it to the DNR. A DNR conservation officer then will
issue a warning to the person who illegally imported the carcass. The
taxidermist is required to dispose of the carcass properly (lined landfill or
incinerator).

Wisconsin has an importation law similar to Minnesota's but with somewhat more
leeway for hunters. Under Wisconsin's game importation rules, whole cervid
carcasses and parts of carcasses, other than parts listed as permissible to move
in DNR regulations, from states and provinces where CWD has been found (listed
on Wisconsin DNR website) are not allowed into Wisconsin unless taken to a meat
processor or taxidermist within 72 hours of entry into Wisconsin.

In Minnesota, prior to August of this year, restrictions on bringing carcasses
of deer, elk, moose or caribou were in place only for animals harvested in areas
infested with chronic wasting disease.

___ (c)2016 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161009-DU-New-game-importation-rule-will-affect
-taxidermists-and-meat-processors-1009-20161009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2016 Duluth News-Tribune


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 14, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Childhood bonds keep their hold

BYLINE: Karen S. Peterson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 345 words


Understanding the dynamics that developed in childhood helps you see how sibling
bonds continue to affect your life today, says Elizabeth Fishel, author of
Family Mirrors (Houghton Mifflin, $ 19.95) due in June.

For example, ''If you had a domineering older sister, and you're a woman whose
female friendships end in fallings out, you may notice you're repeating what
went on with her,'' Fishel says.

Her intense relationship with her own younger sister, Annie, Fishel calls ''one
of the most important of my life.'' It sparked her earlier book, Sisters.

Mull these questions, adapted from Sisters.  Compare answers with siblings.

- Briefly describe your present relationship(s) with siblings. How often do you
see each other?  How close are you? Is that satisfying?

- Briefly describe your mother and father and your relationship with them.

- What is your earliest memory of your sibling? If you are older, can you
remember how life changed when he/she was born?

- At age 12 or 13, what is your most vivid memory of yourself with your sibling?

- What is the closest or happiest you've ever been with him/her? The angriest?

- How does the sibling birth position (oldest, youngest, middle) affect your
self-image, your relationships?

- How did/do your parents influence how you relate with siblings?

- What is your worst jealousy of your sibling? His/hers with you?

- What different parental messages did you get about what you could become?

- How are your sexual attitudes and experiences similar to his/hers?

- If your sibling is married, divorced or widowed, how did those events affect
your relationship?

- If you have children, how does that affect your relationship? How are you
different as mothers/fathers?

- What is the most shocking thing you've learned about a sib? Your most vivid
dream about a sib?

- How does having a brother/sister affect your attitudes about men/women?

- What is the most precious gift - tangible or intangible - a sib has given you?

- What books about siblings have influenced your thinking?

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Eliot Khuner

CUTLINE: CREATOR OF 'MIRRORS': Elizabeth Fishel, author of 'Family Mirrors,'
with her sons Willie, 3, in her lap, and Nate, 7.

UNTANGLING FAMILY TIES; Next to a relationship with a spouse, the bond with a
brother or sister is the most profound attachment in life. And it may last the
longest - longer than bonds with parents, partners or kids. USA TODAY's Karen S.
Peterson looks at how to fix broken bonds as adults; how yours may have become
bent a bit - and at how to help your kids solidify their attachments to each
other. And we glance at the relationship of twins-- , with some in-the-trenches
advice for their parents.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Business Management Daily

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Key Supreme Court case could affect controversial union shop fees

BYLINE: The HR Specialist, Business Management Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 819 words


Nov. 18--This article was originally written by The HR Specialist for Employment
Law
[http://www.businessmanagementdaily.com/category/human-resources/employment-law?
affilateid=Tribune]

by Subhash Viswanathan and Jacqueline Smith, Bond Schoeneck & King

Among the cases that the U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to hear during its
2015-2016 term is one of particular significance to those in the public
sector--Friedrichs v. California Teachers Association. A decision in favor of
the plaintiffs has the potential to affect the implementation and regulation of
union agency shop fees nationwide.

Union shop fees

The case was originally brought by a California public school teacher, Rebecca
Friedrichs, who argued that the mandatory payment of agency shop fees violated
her First Amendment right to free association and free speech.

Currently, public-sector employees in New York who choose not to join the union
that has been certified as their collective bargaining representative are
required (under the so-called Taylor Law) to pay fees associated with the
union's collective bargaining and contract administration costs.

These fees are called "agency shop fees."

Agency shop fees may not include any political costs associated with running the
union.However, the plaintiffs in Friedrichs argue that it is difficult to
separate the political costs associated with public employee unions from the
collective bargaining and contract administration costs.

In their Petition for a Writ of Certiorarito the Supreme Court, the plaintiffs
wrote: "In this era of broken municipal budgets and a national crisis in public
education, it is difficult to imagine more politically charged issues than how
much money cash-strapped local governments should devote to public employees."

The issue of agency shop fees in the public sector has recently been before the
Supreme Court.

In the 2014 Harris v. Quinn case, the court addressed the issue of whether the
First Amendment prohibits the collection of agency shop fees from certain State
of Illinois workers who choose not to join the union.

The facts in Harris led to a narrow opinion by the court that the First
Amendment rights of those employees would be violated by the collection of
agency shop fees because the customers (recipients of home care services),
rather than the State of Illinois, controlled most aspects of the employment
relationship. The scope of the collective bargaining provided by the union on
behalf of those employees was extremely limited.

The Court also noted that the traditional "free-rider" argument that had
previously supported agency shop fees in the past was weakening in light of
First Amendment scrutiny.

The defendants in Harris and in Friedrichs both rely on the Supreme Court's 1977
decision in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education.

In Abood, the Supreme Court held that although it was unconstitutional to
collect fees from non-member employees to support political causes, unions have
the right to require employees within the bargaining unit who choose not to
become union members to contribute to the cost of collective bargaining
activities.

Notably, unions are also required to provide some sort of notice to all the
members of the bargaining unit as to what the fees are being used for.

Impact on NY employers

The plaintiffs in Friedrichs are seeking to overrule the precedent set in Abood
by either abolishing agency shop fees, or, in the alternative, by creating a
system whereby non-member employees must opt in (rather than opt out) of the
payment of such fees.

Section 208.3 of the Taylor Law provides that each public employee union in New
York is entitled to have deducted from the wage or salary of non-member
employees within the bargaining unit the amount equivalent to the dues levied by
the union against member employees.

Section 208.3 also requires, as a condition of this agency shop fee deduction,
that the union must establish and maintain "a procedure providing for the refund
for any employee demanding the return of any part of an agency shop fee
deduction which represents the employee's pro rata share of expenditures by the
organization in aid of activities or causes of a political or ideological nature
only incidentally related to terms and conditions of employment."

If the Supreme Court rules in favor of the plaintiffs, the constitutionality of
this provision of the Taylor Law could also be subject to challenge.

In the meantime, employers should stay tuned for further developments regarding
this case, and be on the lookout for oral arguments in the next few months.

Subhash Viswanathan and Jacqueline Smith are attorneys in the Syracuse office
Bond Schoeneck & King.

Copyright 2015 Business Management Daily, a division of Capitol Information
Group, Inc. All rights reserved.

___ (c)2015 Business Management Daily Visit Business Management Daily at
www.businessmanagementdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151118-BMD-Key-Supreme-Court-case-could-affect
-controversial-union-shop-fees-1118-20151118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMD


                                 Copyright 2015


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 3, 2016 Sunday

General assignments to affect Fort Bragg

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


April 03--The Army's latest round of new general officer assignments will have
an impact on Fort Bragg.

The announcement from last month impacts three positions on post, and includes
several other generals with Fort Bragg ties.

The local moves include the departure of a U.S. Army Forces Command general, a
new deputy for 1st Special Forces Command and a brigade commander moving to a
higher position elsewhere on post.

Maj. Gen. Robert P. White, the deputy chief of staff, G-3/5/7 at Forces Command,
will leave to become commanding general of the 1st Armored Division and Fort
Bliss, Texas.

White has been with Forces Command since September.

Brig. Gen. Edwin J. Deedrick Jr. will move to Fort Bragg from Korea, where he is
commander of Special Operations Command-Korea.

Deedrick will become deputy commanding general for the 1st Special Forces
Command.

Col. Michael J. Talley, commander of the 44th Medical Brigade at Fort Bragg,
will move to Forces Command to serve as command surgeon for the four-star unit.

The move across post will come with a promotion for Talley, who is due to become
a one-star general.

Talley previously served in the 18th Airborne Corps headquarters and within the
261st Medical Battalion at Fort Bragg.

Other general assignments with Fort Bragg ties that do not include current Bragg
positions include:

Maj. Gen. Roger L. Cloutier Jr., commanding general of the U.S. Army Training
Center and Fort Jackson, South Carolina, will become chief of staff for U.S.
Africa Command in Germany.

Cloutier previously served as operations officer at the John F. Kennedy Special
Warfare Center and School at Fort Bragg.

Maj. Gen. Christopher K. Haas, director of force management and development for
U.S. Special Operations Command at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida, will become
deputy chief of staff of operations for Resolute Support Mission, North Atlantic
Treaty Organization/U.S. Forces-Afghanistan.

Haas has held several positions on Fort Bragg. He commanded the 3rd Special
Forces Group, leading the organization during a tour as the Combined Joint
Special Operations Task Force -- Afghanistan, then later served as commander of
the U.S. Army Special Forces Command and deputy commander of U.S. Army Special
Operations Command.

Brig. Gen. Willard M. Burleson III, director of the Mission Command Center of
Excellence and U.S. Army Combined Arms Center at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, will
become senior advisor to the ministry of defense for U.S. Forces-Afghanistan.

As a major, Burleson served in the 82nd Airborne Division, deploying to Kosovo
and Afghanistan, and also served as aide to the commanding general of the 18th
Airborne Corps, deploying to Afghanistan and Iraq.

Brig. Gen. Christopher G. Cavoli, commanding general of the Joint Multinational
Training Command in Germany, will become commanding general of the 25th Infantry
Division at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii.

Cavoli is a former deputy commanding general for operations for the 82nd
Airborne Division.

Brig. Gen. Douglas C. Crissman, deputy commanding general for support of the 3rd
Infantry Division at Fort Stewart, Georgia, will become deputy commanding
general of the United Kingdom's 3rd Division.

Crissman is a former company commander within the 82nd Airborne, deploying with
his company to the Sinai Peninsula for peacekeeping efforts.

Col. John S. Laskodi, director for strategic logistics integration (G-45/7) in
the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff, G-4, for the Army, will become
commander of Defense Logistics Agency-Distribution for the Defense Logistics
Agency in New Cumberland, Pennsylvania.

Laskodi, who will soon be promoted to one-star general, is a past commander of
the 189th Combat Sustainment Support Battalion, having led the unit during a
deployment to Afghanistan.

Military editor Drew Brooks can be reached at brooksd@fayobserver.com or
486-3567.

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160403-FY-General-assignments-to-affect-Fort-Bragg-0403-20160403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Hard Times for Drivers of the Wall St. Powerful

BYLINE: By WILLIAM NEUMAN; C.J. Hughes contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 803 words


Emmy Perez was hit doubly hard when Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy.

Ms. Perez is a dispatch supervisor at a black-car company that, until this week,
did a large portion of its business with the investment bank. She also
moonlighted for Lehman during the holiday season, when she worked at a
succession of glittering corporate parties, steering bank employees and clients
to their waiting cars. The second job has meant $2,000 or more in additional
income for Ms. Perez.

As the aftershocks of the Lehman collapse ripple through the city's economy,
many businesses are likely to feel the impact, from restaurants and bars to
fancy clothiers. Few industries rely as heavily on Wall Street clients as the
black-car companies, which chauffeur the financial titans, stockbrokers, bankers
and their accountants and lawyers.

''We're trying to cope with the situation and hopefully we'll be able to bounce
back, but any account that you lose at this time in this industry, it hurts,''
Ms. Perez said on Tuesday during a job break at All City Corporate
Transportation, in the Bronx. She estimated that drivers for her company gave
hundreds of rides a week to Lehman employees and that All City was just one of
several firms that served the bank.

''A lot of people think, 'This doesn't affect me, I don't play the stock
market,' '' Ms. Perez said, ''but it does affect us. It affects me personally.
It affects the little guy.''

Estimates vary, but officials in the industry said there were about 12,000 to
15,000 black-car drivers working for more than 70 companies, known as bases.

Most drivers said they worked 12-hour shifts, often 6 days a week. Even before
Lehman crumbled, they said they had begun feeling pain from Wall Street's
turmoil this year.

George Milczynski, 54, a driver for Admire Limo, said that a year ago he usually
made 25 trips a week but now just 15. On Tuesday, he had parked his black
Mercedes S430 outside Lehman's headquarters on Seventh Avenue at 49th Street,
just north of Times Square, waiting for an employee of Barclays, who was inside,
apparently talking about the possible acquisition of some of Lehman's assets.

''Everything is very tough right now,'' said Mr. Milczynski, who lives in New
Jersey. ''We are in this together with the banks.''

In most cases, drivers buy their own car, often a used Lincoln Town Car, and
associate themselves with a base. The base, in turn, contracts with companies,
like banks and law firms, to provide cars for the use of their employees. Those
employees typically give drivers a voucher that allows the base to bill the
company for the trip.

Robert John, 35, of Cambria Heights, Queens, has been driving for All City for
two years. He, too, was parked in front of Lehman waiting for a Barclays
employee.

Mr. John said that he usually made 6 trips during a 12-hour shift, with an
average fare of $60. In a six-day week, that makes 36 trips for a gross of
$2,160. After deducting All City's 20 percent commission ($432 a week), as well
as payments for his radio dispatch unit, car loan, insurance, gas and other
expenses, his take-home pay is $840 a week.

''It's not an easy living,'' Mr. John said. ''And one less client in the
industry is bad news for us.''

Many drivers make even less.

Researchers for the New York City Investment Fund estimated that, after
expenses, the average driver took home $20,000 to $25,000 a year, or about $385
to $480 a week, said Maria Gotsch, the president and chief executive. of the
fund. The fund, an arm of the Partnership for New York City, is working to
create a program to help black-car drivers buy fuel-efficient vehicles.

Ms. Gotsch said that in August the fund surveyed a pair of large bases and a
financial sector firm that is a large user of black cars and found that for the
month the number of trips was down 15 to 20 percent from the same month the
previous year.

Despite the drop in business, many drivers stick with it because they have
invested so much in their cars and fees. Many bases are cooperatives, and
drivers pay large amounts for an ownership share.

With fewer rides to go around, Ms. Gotsch said, each driver takes fewer trips,
and everyone makes less money.

''Rich you don't get in this industry,'' said Victor Dizengoff, the executive
director of the Black Car Association, a trade group. ''But I look at it as the
glass half-full, and say this is all going to come back.''

Still, Ms. Perez, the dispatch supervisor, said many people in the industry were
worried about what comes next, much like the employees at the Wall Street firms
they serve.

''We think there might be a little domino effect going on,'' she said.
''Everybody's like Chicken Little right now, watching for the sky to fall. Being
that it's our livelihood, it's a little bit grim right now.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Waiting for clients outside Lehman Brothers in Midtown on Tuesday were,
from left, Samuel Dankwah, Ernest Campbell, Ronald Saba and Yves Bertrand, who
drive black-car limousines.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 10, 2012 Monday

Travel woes affect Blazers' return home

BYLINE: Ed Hooper, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 751 words


Dec. 10--VALDOSTA-- Hours after clinching the school's fourth-ever trip to the
NCAA Division II National Championship Game, the Valdosta State football team
was left sitting on the tarmac of Atlanta's HartsfieldJackson International
Airport, wondering if it would ever get home in time to prepare for next week's
title game opponent, Winston-Salem State.

The Blazers (11-2) were left sitting inside their AirTran Airways charter
airplane for more than 2 1/2 hours early Sunday morning, waiting for buses to
arrive to finish their journey back home to Valdosta.

After departing Minneapolis, Minn., narrowly missing a heavy snow storm, around
10:40 p.m. Eastern time, the Blazers' plane was headed for Valdosta. With less
than 30 minutes remaining in the flight, the pilot announced that heavy fog made
it unsafe to attempt to land the airplane at Valdosta Regional Airport.

The Blazers were diverted to Atlanta and left waiting for buses to arrive and
drive them back south to Valdosta.

Once the plane touched down in Atlanta, it was announced that federal aviation
guidelines, passed following the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, prohibited
the Blazers from exiting the plane and waiting on the tarmac while their buses
were en route to the airport.

Instead, players, coaches, administration and media were left sitting inside the
airplane for nearly the same amount of time it took the Blazers to beat
previously-unbeaten Minnesota State-Mankato, 35-19, in the national semifinals
on Saturday.

Valdosta State's buses finally arrived shortly after 3 a.m. The team arrived
back in Valdosta just after 6:30 a.m.

The Blazers will face the undefeated Winston-Salem (N.C.) State Rams in the
Division II national championship game Saturday at Braly Municipal Stadium in
Florence, Ala.

The Rams enter the game with a perfect 14-0 record, and are looking to become
the first Central Intercollegiate Athletic Conference team, and just the
fifth-ever undefeated team, to win a Division II national championship.

Meanwhile, Valdosta State is making its fourth-ever appearance in the
championship game (the Blazers also played in the title game in 2002, 2004 and
2007). Saturday's appearance will mark the Blazers' second appearance under head
coach David Dean, and first since beating Northwest Missouri State in 2007.

The Blazers will act as the visiting team for the first time in a championship
game. They served as the home team the three previous times, including in 2004,
when they knocked off Pittsburg State for the championship.

Tickets for the game go on sale today at 8:30 a.m. at the Valdosta State
Athletic Ticket Office, located inside the P.E. Complex off of Baytree Road. VSU
has 1,000 tickets for sale. All tickets are $20.

Saturday's game is scheduled for a 1:04 p.m. Eastern kickoff in Florence.

The Valdosta Daily Times will have complete coverage of the week leading up to
Saturday's national championship game, including coverage from Florence. through
the uprights as time expired, the Panthers led 16-0 and had run 45 plays to
Atlanta's 13, outgaining the Falcons 270-35.

Led by Newton, who had some big runs on third-andlong, including a highlightreel
14-yarder in which he avoided three tacklers on third-and-11, the Panthers had
15 first downs to Atlanta's two.

"Our offense today is what I kind of thought it would be all year long," Gross
said. "We passed well. We threw the ball. We ran the ball well. We blocked
well."

Said Panthers coach Ron Rivera said: "This shows what we were capable of. That's
the sad part."

Carolina didn't let up in the second half.

After the Panthers stuffed Atlanta on its first drive, Newton faked a handoff to
DeAngelo Williams and raced 72 yards to the end zone, getting an assist from
receiver Steve Smith, who took out two would-be tacklers with a big block around
the 20. Newton somersaulted into the end zone for a 23-0 lead.

"I had a lot of practice blocking playing for (former Panthers) coach (John)
Fox," Smith said, referring to Fox's tendency to run more than pass it while
here in Carolina.

Ryan threw two touchdown passes and Michael Turner ran for one, but the Falcons
couldn't catch up.

The Panthers put it away midway through the fourth quarter. After costly
defensive holding penalty on cornerback Dunta Robinson, Williams caught a screen
pass from Newton and raced 53 yards for a 30-13 lead.

___ (c)2012 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121210-VD-Travel-woes-affect-Blazers-return-home-1210-20121210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2012 The Valdosta Daily Times


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Savannah Morning News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 16, 2010 Friday

Politics matter, tourism leaders told

BYLINE: Arlinda Smith Broady, Savannah Morning News, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 627 words


July 16--If you're not at the table, you're on the menu.

That's the attitude Shawn McBurney, senior vice president of governmental
affairs for the American Hotel & Lodging Association, wants the hospitality
industry to embrace.

He was the keynote speaker at the July Tourism Leadership Council meeting
Thursday at the Hampton Inn & Suites Midtown.

Although his organization lobbies elected officials on the federal level, he
stressed that all politics are local.

"Legislation voted on in Washington will have a major impact on businesses right
here in Savannah," he said.

He outlined several issues his organization is working on:

Americans with Disabilities Act legislation and regulations

McBurney said these issues can affect how businesses renovate. The hotel group
supports reasonable efforts to restore disability employment protections as
originally intended by the Americans with Disabilities Act, and it supports
efforts to restore common sense to the goals of the landmark 1990 Americans with
Disabilities Act.

H-2B program

Proposed changes to this program can affect whom businesses can hire.

Access to seasonal workers to fill temporary positions during peak business
periods is critical to the American lodging industry.

Card check

This issue affects labor conditions.

The lodging industry is committed to protecting workers' rights, including the
right to join unions and approve their labor contracts through a fair and
federally-supervised private ballot election.

The hotel organization has videos and other educational materials to let
business owners understand their employees' rights under a union authorization
card campaign. The process called "card check" would affect how employees vote
whether to unionize.

Internet booking tax

The proposed legislation is known as hotel occupancy tax or the "Internet Travel
Tax Fairness Act."

At issue is how online travel companies calculate state and local hotel
occupancy taxes. Travel sites such as Expedia, Orbitz and Travelocity base taxes
on the wholesale cost they pay to a hotel for a room, rather than the retail
price they receive from the customer.

This practice results in lower taxes collected by state and local jurisdictions
for rooms booked through an online travel company, rather than directly with a
hotel.

Many jurisdictions throughout the country have initiated lawsuits against the
online sites because of this practice. The city of Columbus, Ga., recently won a
suit against Expedia, in which the court found Expedia should pay taxes to the
city based on the advertised room rate, not the lower wholesale cost. Litigation
initiated by the City of San Antonio, Texas, had a similar outcome.

Subsequent to the Columbus decision, Expedia, Orbitz, Travelocity, hotels.com
and others de-listed hotels in Columbus, and results for this search are instead
provided for neighboring towns. This de-listing also has occurred in other
jurisdictions.

Legislation is pending to change that, and the message McBurney brought was that
the industry needs to put pressure on elected officials to look out for their
interests.

"We have to stay on top of these legislative issues and make our voices heard,"
said Jim Sprouse, executive director of the Georgia Hotel & Lodging Association,
as he introduced McBurney. "Savannah is an important part of the industry."

To see more of The Savannah Morning News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.savannahnow.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Savannah Morning News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100716-SV-Politics-matter-tourism-leaders-told-20100716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SV


                      Copyright 2010 Savannah Morning News


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           December 15, 2012 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

COUNCIL MULLS SUPERMAJORITY REQUIREMENT Proposed tax increases would need five
votes under plan

BYLINE: Jonathan Brunt<br> jonathanb@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5442<br>

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 599 words


It could soon get harder for Spokane city leaders to raise taxes.

The Spokane City Council on Monday will consider whether to ask voters if
raising tax rates should require approval of at least five of the city's seven
council members.

Tax increases currently need four votes.

The proposal would affect property taxes, admissions taxes, gambling taxes, real
estate excise taxes, utility taxes and business license fees and business and
occupation taxes.

It would not affect parking tickets or other fines. It would not increase the
number of votes the council would need to place a tax on the ballot for voters
to decide.

City officials say it's unclear if it would affect votes on parking fees. It
would not affect the city's license tab tax. That's because even though those
are decided by the same people who serve on City Council, they are acting as a
separate Transportation Benefit District board when they consider tab taxes.

The vote also wouldn't affect utility fees, even though one of the city's
primary ways of raising tax revenue in recent years has been by raising utility
rates. Since Spokane's utility tax is 20 percent, the city can greatly increase
utility tax revenue by raising the underlying utility fees.

Councilwoman Nancy McLaughlin, who is sponsoring the amendment, said the idea
for the proposal came during a lunch with a representative of the Washington
Policy Center, a conservative think tank. It's based on a proposal approved in
November by voters in Pierce County.

She stressed, however, that the concept isn't new. Washington voters have voted
five times to require two-thirds votes in the state Legislature to raise taxes.

The requirement, which is supported by Mayor David Condon, would mean greater
consensus would be needed on the City Council to raise taxes, she said.

McLaughlin's plan is almost certain to make the ballot. At least two council
members who oppose the concept, Council President Ben Stuckart and Councilwoman
Amber Waldref, say they'll likely agree to let voters decide.

Waldref said she opposes the idea because it bucks the traditional way of
governing: majority rules. But she said she isn't too worried about it because
it's not likely to have much of an effect. The city already is capped at raising
property taxes by 1 percent a year;some city taxes already are maxed out by law,
like hotel taxes. The utility tax, among the highest in the state, is maxed out
politically, and the idea of a city business and occupation tax has faced fierce
opposition whenever it has emerged.

Waldref said it's unfair to require supermajority votes to raise taxes while
only 4-3 votes are needed to exempt certain taxpayers from paying taxes, thus
increasing the tax burden on others. Earlier this year, for instance, the
council decided to maintain tax subsidies on those who build apartments or
condos in certain parts of the city.

City Councilman Mike Fagan, who has fought for the two-thirds requirement on the
Legislature, said supermajority votes mean government has to be more innovative
before raising taxes.

"Tax increases should be the last resort," he said.

But former City Councilman Steve Eugster, who crafted the current City Charter,
approved by voters in 1999, opposes the stronger requirement for taxes.

"It's a bad idea," Eugster said. "You can lock up government pretty easily with
that extra vote."

SIDEBAR:

WALDREF'S VIEW

Councilwoman Amber Waldref said it's unfair to require supermajority votes to
raise taxes while only 4-3 votes are needed to exempt certain taxpayers from
paying taxes, thus increasing the tax burden on others.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Same Old Song: Nats Left Swinging in the Rain

BYLINE: Barry Svrluga, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; D12

LENGTH: 737 words

DATELINE: VIERA, Fla. March 17


It wasn't yet 10 a.m. Thursday when Frank Robinson walked into the Washington
Nationals' clubhouse, wearing a yellow button-down shirt and black slacks, and
barked to his players: "Hitters, to the cages. Pitchers, get outta here."
Outside, the rain poured down, the tarp covered the field, and with just 21/2
weeks till the season begins, another day of preparation was lost.

"You can't recoup that time," Robinson said.

The rain was so persistent Thursday morning that Nationals officials called the
New York Mets, who were supposed to drive north from Port St. Lucie for a game,
and told them to stay home. The rainout followed a 90-minute delay of Wednesday
night's game against Atlanta, not to mention two other cancellations within the
past week.

Though no one in the clubhouse at Space Coast Stadium was panicking about the
conditions or the screwed-up schedules, the frequent rainouts are having an
impact. There are pitchers who need to get in their work, but were sent home
without throwing Thursday. There are hitters who badly need at-bats, but instead
were sent to batting cages under a metal roof beyond right field. As Robinson
said, "It's not the same."

"It affects your pitching," Robinson said. "It affects guys getting at-bats. It
affects you going out on the field and working on fundamentals and things. It
affects you in all ways."

The most direct effect will be on right-hander Tony Armas Jr., who was supposed
to make his fourth start of the spring and throw four or five innings Thursday.
Instead, Armas will pitch Friday in a minor league game, allowing Esteban Loaiza
to remain on his normal rest. Loaiza will pitch Friday night against the Mets in
Port St. Lucie. Tomo Ohka will pitch Saturday, on regular rest, against the
Cleveland Indians.

"This is the way that it screws up your rotation the least," pitching coach
Randy St. Claire said.

Armas, though, will be limited to just 45 or 50 pitches, St. Claire said,
because he will have to come back and pitch next Tuesday, one day earlier.

"I don't mind, as long as I get my work in," said Armas, who has allowed five
earned runs in 82/3 innings thus far.

Robinson, though, is worried about getting his hitters prepared as well. He said
that several players who have either struggled or missed time because of injury
or illness  --  particularly third baseman Vinny Castilla, first baseman Nick
Johnson, second baseman Jose Vidro, catcher Brian Schneider and reserve Wil
Cordero  --  desperately need more at-bats. Cordero, for instance, has battled a
respiratory ailment that swept through the team's clubhouse earlier this month.
He has just eight at-bats, and Robinson said he would consider sending him to
play in a minor league game in the morning and then the tail end of a major
league game in the afternoon.

The Nationals are heavily monitoring the progress, or lack thereof, of
Cincinnati outfielder Wily Mo Peña, who is struggling during spring training and
may be the odd man out in the Reds' crowded outfield. Jose Cardenal, special
adviser to General Manager Jim Bowden, spent three days this week scouting Peña.

"He's not looking so good," Cardenal said. "He was swing and miss, swing and
miss. . . . He's putting too much pressure on himself."

Peña is hitting just .114, with one double in 35 at-bats. But Bowden still likes
Peña, who hit .259 with 26 homers and 66 RBI in 336 at-bats last year. The Reds
want pitching, and a baseball source said they have inquired about Zach Day and
even Livan Hernandez. No deal seems even close right now, but the Nationals are
going to monitor Peña closely over the next week.

Outfielder Alex Escobar is bothered by a strained quadriceps muscle in his right
leg, an injury that he believes developed because he is still recovering from a
stress fracture in his right foot. Though Escobar considers the injury minor, he
realizes it could prevent him from getting an opportunity to make the team. He
has just one hit in 12 at-bats thus far.

"When you're not on the field, there's nothing you can do," Escobar said. "You
can't prove yourself. It obviously hurts me a little bit." . . .

J.J. Davis, hitting .444 and slugging .889, appears to have a much better chance
to make the club. . . . The Nationals reassigned right-hander Sun Woo Kim to
minor league camp. Kim, who was removed from the 40-man roster prior to spring
training, pitched 51/3 innings, allowing two earned runs.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 23, 2012 Friday

Notre Dame game could affect playoffs

BYLINE: Brad Elliott Schlossman, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 628 words


Nov. 23--NOTRE DAME, Ind. -- Danny Kristo is just as excited as everyone else
here about Notre Dame's football team being ranked No. 1 for the first time
since 1993.

"I did grow up in Indiana for six or seven years," the UND senior forward said.

Kristo owns a couple of Notre Dame pennants and a jersey, but his Fighting Irish
pride will be put on hold for a few hours this weekend. UND is in town to take
on Notre Dame in a battle of two of the country's top-ranked men's hockey teams
(6:35 tonight, 4:05 p.m. Saturday).

UND enters ranked No. 7 nationally with a 5-3-2 mark and is coming off of a
three-point weekend against Minnesota-Duluth. Notre Dame enters ranked No. 6
nationally with an 8-3 mark. The Irish are coming off of their first sweep of
Michigan in Ann Arbor since 1978.

"It's definitely a big series," Kristo said. "In nonconference play, we're 2-2
with four games to go. It's a big series. We need to be ready to go."

Scoring goals may not be easy for UND this weekend. Defense has been Notre
Dame's identity since Jeff Jackson took over as head coach in 2005.

The year prior to Jackson's arrival, Notre Dame ranked 50th nationally in team
defense. Jackson improved that to 26th in his first year, and in four of the
past seven seasons, the Irish have ranked in the top five nationally in goals
allowed.

It's more of the same this year for the Irish. They are allowing just 1.64 goals
per game, which is second-best in the country. They haven't allowed more than
three goals in any game this season, despite playing against nationally ranked
foes like Michigan, Boston College and Western Michigan.

Leading the defensive corps are second-round NHL draft pick Stephen Johns and
fourth-round pick Robbie Russo, both products of the National Team Development
Program. Backstopping the defense is junior goalie Steven Summerhays, who has a
.939 save percentage and a 1.51 goals-against average.

"I think they're committed defensively," UND coach Dave Hakstol said. "I think
they're good in the neutral zone. They do a good job in their defensive zone. If
you allow their structure to set up back in the defensive zone, there's not a
lot of shooting lanes. I think you have to find ways to attack off the
forecheck, attack off the rush and get pucks to the net from all different
angles. If you try to get too cute, too pretty, it's pretty hard to get them
through some of the shooting lanes on them."

The offensive leaders for the Irish are juniors Anders Lee and T.J. Tynan. Lee
was a high school teammate of UND's Joe Gleason and Connor Gaarder at Edina.
Tynan is a dynamic threat who tallied 95 points in his first two seasons of
college hockey.

"Obviously, they are a very good team," said UND freshman forward Rocco
Grimaldi, who will have 10 to 12 friends from Michigan coming to watch him play,
including his high school math teacher. "I know a lot of players on their team.
I played with and against a lot of those guys for a lot of years."

After this series, UND only has two nonconference games left against Holy Cross,
so there aren't many opportunities for the team to improve its nonconference
record, which will be key come NCAA tournament selection time.

"It should be a heck of a series," Hakstol said. "There's a lot on the line when
you play these types of nonconference series."

And come Saturday night, Kristo will board a charter flight headed back to Grand
Forks, hoping that Notre Dame's only win of the weekend will come on the
football field.

"Obviously, we have some business to take care of," he said. "But I wish the
football team the best of luck."

More from around the web

___ (c)2012 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121123-GF-Notre-Dame-game-could-affect-playoffs-1123-20121123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2012 Grand Forks Herald


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 9, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

KOCH CONSIDERS $200 MILLION CUT, INCLUDING LAYOFFS, IN 1983 BUDGET

BYLINE: By MICHAEL GOODWIN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 727 words


The Koch administration is considering cutting its proposed budget for fiscal
1983 by up to $200 million by eliminating or reducing some social programs for
children and the elderly and by laying off some employees.

The figure, including a list of potential reductions submitted to Mr. Koch
yesterday, reflects the administration's latest calculations on continuing
uncertainty over how much of the $519 million in aid and taxing authority the
city had requested from the State Legislature will be approved. The money was
designed to help balance the $15.54 billion budget Mr. Koch proposed last month.

Last Thursday, Mr. Koch ordered a freeze on hiring, promotions and merit raises
in municipal agencies. He said the freeze, if carried out for a full year, would
eliminate 7,700 jobs and save $70 million. At the same time, he ordered budget
aides to submit an additional list of potential cuts, although he did not
publicly specify the value of the list. He said the list would be large enough
to insure that the city could adopt a balanced budget by the June 17 deadline.

Since then, the Legislature has approved $80 million of the $171 million in
local tax increases that Mr. Koch had sought, but there has been no agreement on
a surcharge on the city's income tax for residents, which would raise $90
million. And although there has been progress toward approving parts of the
package, city officials are still not sanguine about their chances in Albany.

Leventhal Expects Layoffs

''The way things are going in Albany now, a $200 million shortfall still seems
possible,'' said Deputy Mayor Nathan Leventhal. ''It's a pessimistic total.''

Although Mr. Koch had said he wanted to avoid layoffs of employees if possible,
aides had predicted that any list of additional reductions would probably
include layoffs at some point.

Mr. Leventhal declined to discuss the list yesterday except to say that it
called for ''layoffs at some point.'' He said that the cuts, if carried out,
would affect every agency, but that in some agencies changes in programs would
be substituted for a hiring freeze.

''We will try to minimize the pain, but nothing in this list is pleasant,'' he
said. ''It will affect services throughout the city if we have to implement
it.''

Would Affect All Agencies

The additional potential cuts, which are in increments of $50 million, are what
officials described as insurance against failure of state action.

''The cuts would affect virtually every agency and involve a gradually worsening
amount of personnel and dollars up to about $200 million,'' Mr. Leventhal said.
He declined to say at what point layoffs or reductions in specific programs
would occur.

He said he and other top officials had reviewed applications from agency heads
for permission to hire new employees. He said 162 requests had been denied, with
89 approved. Of the 89, he said, 63 were analysts in the food stamp program who
were paid with Federal funds. The remainder, he said, were mostly mandated by
law or union contracts or would be employees who would help the city raise
money, such as tax auditors.

Mr. Leventhal acknowledged that the freeze had moved some legislators closer to
the city's camp.  ''I've had legislators call and say, 'If I pass your taxes,
will you open the beaches in my district,''' Mr. Leventhal said. He was
referring to the fact that the freeze has prohibited the Parks Department from
hiring 200 lifeguards and maintenance workers, with the result that parts of
each of the city's seven beaches are closed.

Meanwhile, in Albany, aides to Governor Carey seemed to be softening a threat
Mr. Carey made on Monday that he would refuse to certify the city's budget as
balanced if it included state aid that Mr. Carey thinks the state does not have.
Mr. Carey is chairman of the Financial Control Board, the city's chief fiscal
monitor. Robert J. Morgado, Mr. Carey's secretary, said there were many
uncertainties in the city's budget and that a four-year financial plan ''did not
seem workable.'' However, he said Mr. Carey might be willing to certify a
partial plan, and added, ''We're going to work it out.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      March 23, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Mother's cortisol patterns before pregnancy affect a baby's birth weight

BYLINE: Emma Tiller

LENGTH: 565  words


A new study has suggested that stress hormone levels prior to pregnancy could
affect a woman's risk of delivering a low birth weight baby. Generally, when you
wake up in the morning, levels of the stress hormone cortisol are high and they
go down as the day passes. However, the study authors said that some people have
a low cortisol level when they get up in the morning, and a below normal decline
during the day.

The researchers said that it could be linked to chronic stress and trauma
history. The abnormal pattern has also been associated with the progression of
many diseases, like cancer and hardening of the arteries. It could also predict
the weight of unborn baby.

In a news release, study author Christine Guardino, a postdoctoral scholar in
psychology at the University of California, Los Angeles, said that they have
discovered that the same cortisol pattern that was associated with chronic
stress is also linked to the delivery of an underweight baby.

During the study, she along with her colleagues analyzed 142 expected women in
different areas, including Baltimore, Lake County, Ill., eastern North Carolina,
Los Angeles and Washington, D.C.

To know the stress levels of the women, the researchers studied different
factors such as blood pressure, body mass index, cortisol levels in their saliva
among many others.

Published online recently in the journal Health Psychology, the study suggested
that the cortisol patterns of a mother prior to pregnancy affect the birth
weight of the baby.

In the United States, over 300,000 babies with a low birth-weight take birth
every year. At the time of birth, they weigh below five-and-a-half pounds. Such
infants face high risk of health issues and are even prone to death.

In a report published by the UPI, "Stress hormone levels before pregnancy may
affect a woman's risk of having a low birth weight baby, a new study suggests."

Typically, levels of the stress hormone cortisol are high when you wake up in
the morning and decline through the day. But some people have a low cortisol
level in the morning, and a smaller-than-normal decline during the day, the
study authors said.

According to a report in PsycHcentral by Rick Nauert, "The new research found
that women whose cortisol levels did not lower normally during the day were
likelier to give birth to lower-weight babies. The study is published online in
the journal Health Psychology and is scheduled to appear in an upcoming print
edition. It is the first evidence that maternal cortisol patterns before
conception influence the weight of the baby."

"We found that the same cortisol pattern that has been linked with chronic
stress is associated with delivering a baby that weighs less at birth," said Dr.
Christine Guardino, the paper's lead author and a UCLA postdoctoral scholar in
psychology.

"A research group at the University of California in Los Angeles sought to
explain how chronic stress affects parents and their newborns. They discovered
that women whose cortisol levels did not decline throughout the day were more
likely to conceive lower-weight babies, Psych Central reported," according to a
news report published by ParentHerald.

Normally, cortisol levels are high in the morning and then decline as the day
progresses. The new study showed that majority of lower-weight babies came from
mothers whose high cortisol levels remained the same throughout the day.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Fraudulent card purchases affect 4 Beaver Meadows residents

BYLINE: Amanda Christman, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


April 11--Four Beaver Meadows residents have reported fraudulent purchases on
their debit cards to borough police.

Chief Mike Morresi said he fielded and is investigating the complaints.

Last week, state police at Hazleton said they are inundated with reports of
credit card fraud. Hazleton police also are taking complaints from residents.

Morresi said the first incidents, involving two Beaver Meadows residents,
happened March 18.

In the first case, someone used a borough resident's card to buy $404.95 in
merchandise from a Dollar General Store in Kingsport, Tenn. The second resident
reported that $982.42 was charged to their account at an Apple Store in
Washington, D.C., and an attempted purchase of more than $400 was made in Macy's
in the nation's capital.

A third victim, Morresi said, reported their card used at three gas stations in
Brooklyn, N.Y., where $154.50 in total was charged.

All of those victims, he said, have been reimbursed by their banks.

The last victim, Morresi said, reported fraud Tuesday stating $444 was attempted
to be charged to their card in Adrian, Mich.

Morresi said his investigation is ongoing and warned all residents to thoroughly
check their bank and credit card statements, daily if need be.

He said the safest way to shop is to use cash or a check.

Any victims of fraud, or anyone with information on fraud cases, are asked to
call their local police department.

achristman@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2014 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140411-ZX-Fraudulent-card-purchases-affect
-4-Beaver-Meadows-residents-0411-20140411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2014 Standard-Speaker


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

Corp to update permit that affects Missouri River bank stabilization projects

BYLINE: Lisa Miller, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 469 words


Aug. 12--The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is updating a permit that would allow
bank stabilization projects in Missouri River reservoirs in North and South
Dakota.

The permit has been in place since late 2000, Project Manager Cheryl Goldsberry
said. It authorizes the district commander to use an alternative procedure for
evaluating permit applications that are similar and cause minimal impacts.

The permit needs to be renewed every five years, Goldsberry said.

The permit would streamline bank stabilization projects when there is a need and
government money is earmarked for it, said Jason Renschler with the Corps.

Reservoirs include Lake Sakakawea, Lake Oahe, Lake Sharpe, Lake Francis Case and
Lewis and Clark Lake, though no projects are planned.

"This permit avoids the unnecessary duplication of regulatory control exercised
by other government agencies," Goldsberry said. "It's like a permit to acquire
other permits."

Bank stabilization projects prevent destruction of culturally significant sites,
Goldsbery said.

"If further erosion were allowed to continue, the cultural features would be
seriously impacted," Goldsberry said.

U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Natural Resource Manager Linda Phelps would not
disclose locations.

"The sites are protected so people don't start looting," Phelps said.

Bank protection work would typically involve shaping the existing cut bank,
which may require placing earthen fill material, according to a press release.
Bedding material consisting of either spalls or coarse gravel would be placed on
the newly sloped bank line. Either quarried stone or field boulders would then
be placed for riprap.

In areas where culturally significant sites become exposed due to erosion caused
by wave action from fluctuating reservoir water levels, a riprap protection
layer/blanket may be installed using the same basic bank stabilization methods.

At some of the sites, the construction of a temporary road may be required for
access. Adequate culverts would be installed to allow drainage. Temporary roads
would be removed upon completion of the bank stabilization work and the site
returned to previous conditions.

Typically, a work pad would be constructed at the base of the cut bank.

Written comments must be postmarked by Sept. 1 to the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers, Omaha District, Regulatory Branch, 1616 Capitol Avenue, Omaha,
Nebraska 68102.

For additional information, contact Goldsberry at 402-995-2462 or at
cheryl.goldsberry@usace.army.mil

To see more of The Dickinson Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Dickinson Press, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110812-QX-Corp-to-update-permit-that-affects
-Missouri-River-bank-stabilization-projects-0812-20110812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2011 The Dickinson Press


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Pilot, Costa Mesa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 27, 2010 Monday

East Coast blizzard affects John Wayne Airport flights

BYLINE: Mike Reicher, Daily Pilot, Costa Mesa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


Dec. 27--Some John Wayne Airport passengers are getting a post-Christmas lump of
coal. Airlines have cancelled a handful of flights Monday and delays persist, as
the nation's air travel system recovers from a massive blizzard on the East
Coast.

Continental Airlines cancelled its 7:45 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. departures to Newark
Liberty International Airport, along with three afternoon arrivals coming from
Newark.

Delta Airlines cancelled its 11:55 a.m. arrival from John F. Kennedy
International Airport in New York, and its 1:40 p.m. departure to JFK.

Both Newark and JFK were closed Sunday and Monday morning as the crews dug
runways and ground equipment out from a blanket of snow. Overnight, about two
feet of snow fell across the New York area.

Federal Aviation Administration officials said they expected Newark and JFK to
reopen by 3 p.m. PST.

Unlike at other airports in the U.S. and in Europe, which recently had
passengers sleeping on cots and luggage conveyer belts, JWA has been relatively
well-off.

"There's pretty advanced notice that the flights are cancelled," said airport
spokeswoman Jenny Wedge.

That's no consolation for some Monday morning travelers whose flights to western
airports were delayed for over three hours.

On Sunday, JWA passengers and their families also endured delays and
cancellations. Continental cancelled two arrivals and three departures to
Newark. Delta diverted one JFK flight to Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta
International Airport.

Check the JWA arrivals/departures page on the airport website, or with
individual carriers, for the latest flight information.

To see more of the Daily Pilot go to http://www.dailypilot.com Copyright (c)
2010, Daily Pilot, Costa Mesa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101227-1DP-East-Coast-blizzard-affects
-John-Wayne-Airport-flights-1227-20101227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1DP


                           Copyright 2010 Daily Pilot


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

NIPPING AT HIS HEELS

BYLINE: RICK STROUD, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: LeGarrette Blount welcomes competition in the Bucs' backfield, but he
isn't giving any ground.


Like his bulldozing running style, LeGarrette Blount is not going to dance
around an issue when he can plow through it. So when asked how the Buccaneers'
selection of Boise State running back Doug Martin will affect his workload,
Blount did not stiff-arm the topic.

"I think nobody can affect my carries but me," Blount said. "They drafted him
because we needed him. But at the end of the day, we're both going to play.
Don't nobody affect my carries but me, not what he does, not what anybody else
does, just how I practice and how fast I get the offense down pat and everything
like that. That's the only thing that will affect my carries."

So despite the addition of Martin and Utah State running back Michael Smith in
the draft, does Blount see himself as the starting tailback?

"Yeah," he said smiling, "until they take it away."

That's not to suggest Blount couldn't see what was happening at the running back
position shortly after coach Greg Schiano was hired from Rutgers. In March,
Schiano was critical of Blount's lack of ball security. In two pro seasons,
Blount has fumbled nine times, losing six.

With only Blount and Mossis Madu on the roster at running back, it was
inevitable the Bucs would fortify that position, perhaps with the No. 5 overall
pick. Tampa Bay traded down two spots to select Alabama safety Mark Barron while
picking up a fourth-round pick. The Bucs then used that extra selection to trade
back into the first round and take Martin 31st.

Even before the draft, Blount knew the Bucs were going to find someone to come
after his job. So he took advantage of the offseason program to lose between 5
and 10 pounds. "I kind of had the idea they were going to draft another guy, so
you've got to come back in the best shape possible," Blount said.

On the first day of the Bucs' team workouts on Tuesday, Blount took his spot as
the No.1 tailback while a gimpy Martin worked on another field with a trainer
helping him recover from a hamstring strain.

Blount, the Bucs' leading rusher the past two seasons with 1,788 yards and 11
touchdowns (4.6 average), has rarely been used on passing downs or as a
receiver. He has 20 career receptions for 162 yards and no touchdowns. Under new
offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan, Blount hopes for more opportunities in the
passing game.

"I'm proving more and more every day that I can play on every down," Blount
said.

Blount believes the competition with Martin and Smith will make him a more
complete player.

"You've got to be a competitor and competition is what makes guys better than
what they would usually be," Blount said.

"Nobody in the NFL can ever be comfortable. You have your select few that can.
Adrian Petersons and your Ray Rices and your Arian Fosters. You have a handful
that can be comfortable in their offense no matter who you draft. No, I haven't
gotten comfortable, I haven't established that kind of credibility yet."

Schiano said performance in training camp and preseason games will determine the
running back workload.

"It's way too early for that," Schiano said. "We have to see who performs. You
earn your touches. So depending on how you practice and how you play in the
preseason, that will determine how many touches you get by percentage, whether
it's ballcarriers or pass catchers or whatever. Pass catchers, sometimes the
defense can dictate a little more. But ballcarriers? We make that decision."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - JAMES BORCHUCK - Times: LeGarrette Blount's goal is to be the
Bucs' every-down back, and he wants to see more action on passing downs. PHOTO:
The Bucs used a first-round pick to take Boise State running back Doug Martin in
last month's draft.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 23, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

With age, America's losing sleep Boomers' lifestyles often open the door to
insomnia

BYLINE: Nanci Hellmich

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1342 words


Sleeplessness is getting worse in America, and scientists are
scrambling to help an aging, highly stressed population get the
rest it needs.

In a National Sleep Foundation poll of 1,014 adults to be released
Wednesday, 56% say they've experienced one or more symptoms of
insomnia a few nights a week or more.

They have difficulty falling asleep, or they wake up in the night
and can't get back to sleep. Or they may simply awaken tired and
unrefreshed.

In a similar poll in 1991, only 27% said they had occasional insomnia;
9% said they had chronic sleep difficulties -- inadequate or poor
quality sleep on most nights for a month or more -- vs. an estimated
10% to 15% today.


"Those numbers keep going up, which is a concern," says Thomas
Roth, head of the division of sleep medicine at Henry Ford Hospital
in Detroit and author of several hundred articles on sleep.

Sleep experts say insomnia is not a sleep disorder or a disease
but a symptom of an underlying problem. It affects different ages
in different ways: Middle-age and older people usually fall asleep
easily, but they wake up repeatedly during the night, Roth says.
Younger people tend to have difficulty falling asleep to begin
with.

Aging boomers are at a prime time for some of the lifestyle factors
that lead to sleeplessness:

* Stress, worries and frantic schedules. In the new poll,
30% of respondents say that stress affects their sleep. Many people
feel pressured because there is so much to do juggling career,
family and other obligations.

* Medical problems: 22% report that health conditions,
pain or discomfort affect their sleep. As people get older, they
are more likely to have problems sleeping because they take more
medications, suffer from more illnesses and diseases, have more
fragmented sleep and more disturbed circadian rhythms (24-hour
sleep-wake cycles), Roth says.

* Poor sleep environments: 20% of adults say light, noise
or temperature affects their sleep.

* Noisy or restless bedmates: 12% of adults (17% of women
and 5% of men) say their partners' sleep habits keep them awake.
Other causes of insomnia include jet lag among frequent business
travelers; shift work; and the up-all-night mentality encouraged
by cable television, home computers and the Internet. Experts
are trying to help by offering better sleeping medications, writing
new books and urging people to go to their doctors for advice.

"What's a mystery to me is people are not getting help from their
physicians," says pioneer sleep researcher William Dement of
Stanford University, whose latest book, The Promise of Sleep
(written with Christopher Vaughan) is just out.

Doctors have an arsenal of behavior modification techniques and
new, non-addictive prescription drugs that are a major improvement
over the old barbiturates.

Yet a study of patients in doctors' offices shows that not many
people tell their physicians about insomnia, and their physicians
don't ask, Dement says.

That's unfortunate, because sleep problems take such a toll on
the ability to function well in daily life that they should be
considered a top priority for both patients and doctors, experts
say. If your doctor asks how you're sleeping, don't toss it off
with "Oh, fine." Give an honest and detailed answer.

And if your doctor doesn't ask, speak up, sleep doctors say.

Types of insomnia

Dement divides insomnia into three categories:

* Transient insomnia, an occasional night of poor sleep.
This may be a result of fretting about a big meeting at work,
a trip to the dentist, an argument with a spouse. It can also
be caused by good news or happy anticipation, Dement says.

It disappears when people resolve the situation that is keeping
them awake.

* Persistent intermittent insomnia, which occurs a couple
of times a week or several times a month. This insomnia may be
predictable.The person may wake up every time there is a big deadline
at work, or every night before a big lecture, Dement says. It's
not serious enough to be chronic, but it's more frequent than
transient insomnia.

* Chronic insomnia varies widely in duration and severity.
Some sufferers are sleepless every night for months or years.
Others may have two bad weeks a month.

The major factors underlying chronic insomnia are depression and
anxiety, says James Walsh, executive director and senior scientist
at the Unity Sleep Medicine and Research Center at St. Luke's
Hospital in St. Louis. Other common causes are medical disorders
such as arthritis, Parkinson's disease, cardiovascular illness,
cancer and restless legs syndrome, he says.

Insomnia can become a vicious cycle: After several bad nights
of sleep, a person becomes so worried and tense about sleeping
that chronic insomnia sets in.

If the underlying cause of chronic insomnia is medical, that cause
needs to be treated aggressively, Walsh says. Then if the insomnia
persists, the sufferer can use behavior modification techniques
and/or prescription sleeping medications.

A study out last week in the Journal of the American Medical
Association showed that older people with chronic insomnia
can improve their sleep with behavioral therapy -- going to bed
only when they are sleepy, getting up at the same time every day
and learning not to focus too much on their daytime impairments
from sleep loss.

Advice for the sleepless

People with insomnia often know exactly why they wake up, and
they deal with it in the worst possible way, experts say.

"We find that lying in bed, trying desperately to sleep, looking
at the alarm clock every few minutes is a lousy way to sleep,"
says Peter Hauri, director of the Mayo Clinic Insomnia Program
in Rochester, Minn.

Hauri, co-author with Shirley Linde of No More Sleepless Nights,
offers this advice for insomniacs:

* Set the alarm clock to your wake-up time and then hide
it so you can hear it ring in the morning but you can't see it
during the night.

Everything with the time on it needs to be hidden so you don't
focus on the fact that time is passing and you're not sleeping.
"We cannot sleep if we are under pressure to sleep," he says.

* If you can't go to sleep or if you wake up in the middle
of the night, read in bed. "Read, read, read in bed until you
are really sleepy and fall asleep reading."

* If you have a bedmate, sneak into the guestroom or a
couch to read. But when you then become sleepy, don't march back
into the bedroom; the movement will wake you up, Hauri says. He
recommends gently turning off the light and sleeping where you
are.

Don't try to force sleep

Some experts believe when you wake up at night, you should get
out of bed and do something else until you get sleepy, but all
experts agree that the one thing you shouldn't do is lie in bed
in the dark trying to sleep.

For those people who wake up stewing over a problem, Hauri suggests
scheduling "worry time" to review the situation long before
going to bed. If you're worried about a big lecture, study your
notes. If your boss has upset you, write him or her a letter.
You can decide the next day whether or not to send it, he says.

Keep note cards near your bed at night. If you wake up worried,
jot down the thoughts and deal with them the next day.

Hauri recommends trying behavioral changes first. If they don't
work, you may try combining them with sleep medications.

Walsh says there is widespread expert agreement that when you
have predictable transient or persistent sleep problems, taking
a sleeping pill for those one, two or three nights is a safe and
effective way to deal with them.

The same solution doesn't work for everyone, but it's worth the
effort to find the one that is effective for you, Dement says.

"If your quality of sleep improves, you'll feel miraculously
better," he says. "You'll be more be optimistic, more energetic,
smarter, sharper and more productive."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Sam Ward, USA TODAY (Illustration)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              July 27, 2009 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

ROETHLISBERGER STILL THEIR BET;
GAMBLERS IN NEVADA DISCOUNT EFFECTS OF ASSAULT CASE AGAINST QB

BYLINE: Dan Majors, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 817 words


LAKE TAHOE, Nev. -- The gamblers looking over the odds in the Nevada sports
books are well aware of the legal battle facing Steelers quarterback Ben
Roethlisberger. But few of them say it will affect how they bet once the pro
football season begins.

Sports books are licensed locations where gamblers can wager on sporting events,
from boxing and baseball to golf and football. Most of the estimated 150 sports
books in America are in casinos in Nevada, the only state where they are legal.

Already, Nevada oddsmakers have posted the chances of winning the 2010 Super
Bowl for each of the 32 NFL teams. The New England Patriots are the favorites at
3-to-1, meaning if they win the championship, every dollar wagered on them will
return $3.

The defending champion Steelers are closest behind them at 13-to-2.

The Detroit Lions, who did not win a game last year, are the long shots for the
coming season at 65-to-1.

The odds can fluctuate at any time with developments, such as player trades or
injuries or even weather conditions. Gamblers are known to pay attention to the
tiniest of variables, such as how teams play at night or in certain cities.

However, none of the gamblers interviewed Friday expressed concern that the
sexual assault lawsuit facing Mr. Roethlisberger will distract him on the field.
And they don't expect to give it much weight when they are considering which way
to bet.

"I'm not a big bettor. I can't afford to lose," said Chuck Spangler, 62, of
Reno, at the sports book in the Nugget in Sparks, Nev., just outside of Reno.
"Obviously, if it means the player gets suspended, that would affect the way I'd
bet."

Mr. Spangler, a former resident of Harrisburg, said he roots for the Steelers
and the Philadelphia Eagles. He said he knows that athletes can be easily
distracted, and one player's problems can take down a whole team.

"Chemistry of the team is important," he said. "Look at what happened with
Terrell Owens in Dallas. And now I might tend to bet against Buffalo because
T.O. is there."

But Mr. Roethlisberger, he said, doesn't strike Mr. Spangler as a player whose
performance will suffer, even with his off-the-field concerns.

"When he's concentrating on the game, I don't think it affects him a whole lot,"
he said. "The good ones can compartmentalize it. It probably affects [his
teammates] more. You know, all the extra reporters that are asking questions of
them."

Or it might work the other way around, he said.

"If the players think that [a teammate] is being wrongly accused or picked on, I
think they might come together more as a team."

Richard Barnhart, 59, of Carson City, Nev., who was in the town's Nugget Casino,
compared Mr. Roethlisberger's situation to that of Kobe Bryant, the Los Angeles
Lakers basketball star who was charged with sexual assault in 2003.

"He went through something like this and now they're the [NBA] champions," said
Mr. Barnhart, who also expects Mr. Roethlisberger's teammates to rally around
him.

Mr. Barnhart said he thought Mr. Roethlisberger was off his game in 2006,
following the motorcycle accident that he had just before the start of the
season.

"I've been in a car accident, and it takes a while to recover," Mr. Barnhart
said. "But that's different from what he's going through now. That's what
lawyers are for. That's what they get paid for. And he gets paid to play
football."

Zack Jackson, 61, of Zephyr Cove, Nev., and Michael O'Dazier, 52, of Alabama,
were in the sports book at Harvey's Casino in Lake Tahoe, across the street from
the Harrah's Hotel and Casino where the assault is alleged to have occurred.
Harrah's and Harvey's are owned by the same company.

Mr. Jackson is a regular there, betting on everything from horses to baseball.
Despite wearing a New York Jets cap, he said he doesn't have a favorite team.

"When you're a bettor, you can't have a team," he said. "You have to bet with
your head, not your heart. These guys who love their teams, they get taken to
the cleaners."

He compared Mr. Roethlisberger's situation to that of Barry Bonds, the San
Francisco Giants baseball player who has been accused of using
performance-enhancing drugs late in his career.

"And look at how he handled it," Mr. Jackson said. "He had reporters after him
and fans heckling him, and it didn't matter. Certain people are able to have
mind over matter. They don't let things affect them."

Mr. O'Dazier suggested that the matter might make Mr. Roethlisberger play even
harder.

"I saw him at that press conference. He's furious," Mr. O'Dazier said. "He might
play better. Once he puts on that uniform, I think he'll block it all out and
play the game."

Mr. Jackson said he didn't think it would affect Mr. Roethlisberger one way or
the other. And it won't affect how he wagers.

"I don't care about things like that. All I care about is the point spread," he
said. "It's not like we're on a jury. We're sports fans, and that's what
matters."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Dan Majors can be reached at dmajors@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1456./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Supreme Court's Texas ruling could affect Ohio abortion restrictions

BYLINE: Jim Provance, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


June 27--COLUMBUS -- Restrictions put in place on abortion clinics in Ohio could
be endangered by today's U.S. Supreme Court decision striking down somewhat
similar provisions enacted in Texas.

"We're going to review the decision with our client," said Dan Tierney,
spokesman for Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine. "The only thing we would point
out is that the two Texas laws in question are different than the laws in Ohio."

While not identical, there are enough similarities that even some in the
pro-life movement believe Ohio's law is in trouble.

"For decades abortion facilities have been operating substandard with no legal
consequences, unlike all other medical facilities," said Paula Westwood,
executive director of Right to Life of Greater Cincinnati. "The Supreme Court
has ensured that women seeking abortion will not at least receive common-sense
health and safety standards for care, and we can expect more botched procedures
and tragedies."

In its most sweeping decision on abortion rights in decades, the high court, by
a vote of 5-3, struck down a Texas law that required doctors at abortion clinics
to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles.

Ohio does not have an admitting privileges requirement, but in 2013 the
Republican-controlled General Assembly cemented into law a state regulation
requiring abortion clinics to have in place agreements with local hospitals to
accept clinic patients in cases of medical emergency.

In 2015, it further narrowed that law to define "local" as being within 30 miles
of the clinic.

"With this ruling, it's time for (Gov.) John Kasich and (Attorney General) Mike
DeWine to stop defending similar laws that Republican legislators have put into
place, laws that do nothing to protect Ohio women and make it harder for them to
access the care they need," Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Pepper said.

Ohio's law also prohibits publicly funded hospitals or their doctors from
entering into such agreements.

That change was enacted after Toledo's Capital Care Network abortion clinic
signed an agreement with the University of Michigan Health Center some 50 miles
away after failing to secure a deal closer to home.

The decision by the Ohio Department of Health to order the clinic closed for
lack of a valid transfer agreement is being challenged in Lucas County.

Another portion of the Texas law challenged before the U.S. Supreme Court was
its requirement that abortion clinics meet hospital-like standards.

Ohio's law has long classified abortion clinics as "ambulatory surgical
facilities," along with eye, dental, and similar surgery facilities, that have
to meet higher standards. That portion of Ohio law is not currently under court
challenge, and it remains to be seen how it might be affected by the Texas
ruling.

Ohio's emergency transfer agreement law is currently being challenged by the
American Civil Liberties Union in Cuyahoga County Common Pleas Court, but there
has yet to be a major ruling in that case. It is possible that Ohio's law could
separately work its way up to the U.S. Supreme Court.

The current challenge in Cleveland focuses on Ohio's "one-subject rule,"
specifically lawmakers' decision to slip the abortion clinic restrictions into
the state's $62 billion, two-year budget law.

Contact Jim Provance at: jprovance@theblade.com or 614-221-0496.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160627-TO-Supreme-Court-s-Texas-ruling-could-affect
-Ohio-abortion-restrictions-0627-20160627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)

                           November 22, 2003 Saturday

Workout studio takes different approach

BYLINE: Karen L. Campbell, Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 447 words


Exercise based on martial arts

Public Opinion/Markell DeLoatch

Working hard: Ray Ashton, second from left, owner of AFFECTS, takes students
through a class at the Guilford Town Square self-defense studio.

AFFECTS

Nature of business: Total body workout facility

Name of owner: Ray Ashton

Address of business: 1495 Lincoln Way West, Suite 106A

Hours of operation: 7 a.m. - 9:30 p.m. Mondays through Fridays; noon to 5 p.m.
Saturdays

Phone number: 267-0555

E-mail: affects@earthlink.net

Services offered: Kick-boxing, kung fu martial arts, body firming and
self-defense

Unusual features: Ashton doesn't use equipment. His focus is on body firming.

Number of employees: 1

Ray Ashton

Previous business experience: Ashton has traveled from San Jose, Calif., to Los
Angeles, teaching high-tech fitness for more than 25 years.

Goals: "My intention is to make this a national chain," he said. "I'm convinced
I'm setting a new trend with this total body workout facility."

Quote: "Once you teach a person self-confidence, that's all they need to be a
better person," Ashton said.

By KAREN L. CAMPBELL

Staff writer

When Dana Patterson, Chambersburg, started changing her exercise routine, she
was amazed of the effects she saw in just two months.

"This Chambersburg working woman has learned kung fu, learned how to take care
of herself and has firmed up in areas that I was struggling so hard with the
past few years," she said.

In July Ray Ashton, Chambersburg, opened AFFECTS, a total body workout facility
based on kung fu martial arts.

"You will feel the affects from day one," he said.

Ray Ashton believes in the ancient art of kung fu and created three workouts
that involve self-defense and kung fu.

"Two things you see on TV as it relates to fitness are selling diet plans or
fitness equipment," he said.

"Ninety-nine percent of equipment sold has to do with repetition and repetition
is harmful to joints," he said.

Exercising is good for the body, but dieting doesn't work for everyone, Ashton
said. "Each person has a different metabolism, so I focus on the burn rate."

While firming flexibility and strength through yoga, tai chi and some ballet
moves, he also focuses on children's self-confidence level through exercise.

"I let a child see possible potential," he said.

Ashton's exercises enable children to overcome being bullied in school, simply
by promoting self-defense.

Ashton said he sees those age 4 to 60 attend his classes.

With no contracts required, Ashton said he is "more interested in showing you
the effect of AFFECTS

rather than emptying your pockets."

"I feel great and will go there for years to come," Patterson said.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Public Opinion (Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            September 9, 2012 Sunday
                                Final_CC Edition

How much is too much information?; Sharing your personal woes at work can help,
or hurt, your career. Here's a guide to deciding how much to spill

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. A35

LENGTH: 469 words


Turning the other cheek is the best course when the boss lashes out in error,
our coachadvises a37

You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal to all your
coworkers. But at home, your life is like a country song breakups, babies,
debts, disease, your truck broke down and your dog is sick.

Assuming your job isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill? Sharing
personal details at work can be a difficult terrain to navigate. Tell all early
and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your personal life
affects your work. But overshare and you can marginalize yourself at the one
place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the most
anxiety-provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Here is a quick primer for what, how and when to share at the office:

- Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule,
you should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance.

- Workers' views on sharing may be affected by their age, says Amy Lynch, a
Minneapolis consultant. "Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to
share private info, even if it impacts performance," she says. Generation X
tends to share personal dramas since, "withholding it might be unethical because
it affects team performance." Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that
kind of info with everybody. They Facebook it."

And speaking of Facebook, don't post personal items on social networking sites
if you aren't going to disclose them at work. Your colleagues will find out. And
they will talk.

- Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tenn., firm with 125 employees.

- Offer a solution at the same time you bring up the topic. If you need to take
time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which colleagues
could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the evenings.

- Some corporations have employee assistance programs run by third-party
companies to help staff with personal problems. They can save a company money,
says health benefits consultant Sarah Hulsey. If an employee can get help
working out a knotty problem like finding daycare for a dependent parent, that
can save hours and days of work time. But there's another reason, says Hulsey:
"[The plans are] there so we don't have that personal information shared in the
workplace."

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: thinkstock.com; Generally, you should share information about things
that will affect your work and keep private personal details that won't impact
your performance.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 5, 2003 Wednesday

WASHINGTON, D.C.: Federal budget's reach in state is wide

BYLINE: BY TOM WEBB; Washington Correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 697 words


WASHINGTON -- President Bush's proposed 2004 budget would affect Minnesota in
ways large and small, from tax changes that would benefit every married couple
in the state, to trimming programs for farmers, police officers, ethanol
producers and motorists.

The budget plan runs nearly 3,000 pages, a document that Congress must now
examine and decide on its priorities. The president generally favors putting
more funding toward military projects and homeland defense and making another
round of deep tax cuts, leaving less emphasis on domestic programs.

"To the extent that funding shifts from domestic programs to defense priorities,
Minnesota will likely see a further decline in its share of federal funds," said
Matt Kane, a policy analyst for the Northeast-Midwest Institute, a regional
policy group. "Now, that's not how you make national policy, but it is certainly
a potential implication for the state." Among specific items cited Tuesday
affecting Minnesota were:

* Farm conservation programs. The Bush budget would put a strict spending cap on
the new Conservation Security Program and a 29 percent cut in the Wetlands
Reserve Program, popular in the land of 10,000 lakes.

"We're really disappointed that they're backtracking on important conservation
programs," said Loni Kemp with the Minnesota Project, a sustainable agriculture
group in Canton.

* Mississippi River environmental restoration. The Bush budget provides
unexpectedly strong support for a program to restore degraded parts of the upper
Mississippi River, which affects both Minnesota and Wisconsin. Bush would double
its budget in 2004, to $33 million.

"What they're saying is, it's a project that brings particularly high
environmental benefits to the nation," said Allan Hance of the Northeast-Midwest
Institute.

River shippers, however, condemned Bush's plan for having users pay 25 percent
of the region's operations and maintenance costs.

* Highway funding. Bush proposes two significant changes in federal money for
Minnesota highways, currently $500 million a year. First, congressional aides
note a proposed 81/2 percent cut in highway funding, a $42 million reduction.
But the Bush budget also changes how taxes on ethanol-blended fuel are
collected, and that change would benefit Minnesota.

"That could mean good things for Minnesota, because it's going to affect a
formula for highway programs, and affect the minimum share that Minnesota is
going to get back," Kane said.

* Ethanol programs. Bush proposes a 33 percent cut in the Commodity Credit
Corporation, a bioenergy program that has added incentives for expanding ethanol
production.

Minnesota ranks among America's leading ethanol producers.

* Special education. Bush proposes a $1 billion increase in funding for special
education, a move applauded by many Republicans, but criticized as inadequate by
Rep. Betty McCollum, D-St. Paul.

"If the federal government fully funded its 40 percent share of special
education, which it has been promising since 1975, the school districts in this
state would not have had to hold those referendums," McCollum said.

"Those are big dollars that we're asking our children to absorb," McCollum said.

* Marriage tax relief. Bush proposes to end the so-called "marriage penalty"
immediately, rather than phasing it out gradually in 2010. "That would benefit
over 700,000 couples in Minnesota," said Angelyn Wollen, a spokesperson for Rep.
John Kline, R-Lakeville.

* Cold-weather aid programs. Unlike last year, two programs that help the
elderly and needy stay warm have largely escaped the budget scalpel.

Weatherization assistance, which improves the energy efficiency of homes, has
been increased to $288 million. The low-income home energy assistance program is
being funded at last year's levels, totaling $2 billion.

* Police officers. Bush wants to cut by 85 percent the Clinton-era Community
Oriented Policing Service program, which puts police officers on the streets.
Last year, Minnesota received $13.8 million in COPS grants; an 85 percent cut
could mean just $2 million remains.

Tom Webb can be reached at twebb@krwashington.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

Yankee discharge hearing is held

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 735 words


NEWFANE -- An expert on thermal discharge testified Tuesday that a 1 degree
increase in the temperature of water expelled from the cooling system of the
Vermont Yankee nuclear power plant into the Connecticut River will not affect
fish, shellfish and wildlife.

In March 2006, the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources approved a permit
allowing "a slight increase in the station's thermal effluent limitations (1
degree) during the summer months."

Several environmental and anti-nuclear groups opposed the permit and the
temperature increase was put on hold until the Vermont Environmental Court had a
chance to hear all the evidence brought before it by both sides.

On Tuesday, the first of several days of hearings in Newfane began with Craig
Swanson, an independent consultant hired by Entergy, who reviewed the plume of
heated water leaving the plant and how it affects the Vernon pool, the standing
water above the Vernon Dam.

Elise Zoli, of Goodwin Procter in Boston, speaking on behalf of Entergy, told
Judge Meredith Wright that the modeling provided by Swanson proved the
temperature increase would not adversely affect the nine species of fish,
shellfish and wildlife that the Agency of Natural Resources is concerned about.

Another expert will testify that "there is no statistically determinably trend
in fish population numbers reasonably attributable to the plant's discharge,"
said Zoli.

"The question you have to answer for yourself is whether the evidence proves to
your satisfaction that the 1 degree increase that is being sought" doesn't
affect the nine species, said Pat Parenteau, speaking on behalf of the
Connecticut River Watershed Council.

"Temperature ... affects every single phase of the lifecycle of the fish in
question," he said. The watershed council is mainly concerned with two species
-- American shad and Atlantic salmon -- which have undergone restoration efforts
since the 1980s.

"In 1991, the number of shad that passed Vernon Dam was 37,000," said Parenteau.
As of Monday, he said, that number was 57.

"No one has explained why that decline is so dramatic in the upper reaches of
the river," he said. "We cannot rule out Vermont Yankee discharge as a
contributing factor in these keystone species."

Parenteau also wanted to know about the cumulative effects of temperature
increases since the power plant began discharging cooling water into the river
starting in the 1970s. Since 1991, Yankee has been allowed a "fivefold increase
in the cumulative increases," he said. "Now they are asking for another degree."

"Nothing can be more destructive of a biological community than this constant
ratcheting of temperature increases," he said, adding that Environmental
Protection Agency regulations require an analysis of the cumulative effect and
how it will change the river into the future.

Swanson told the court he was asked to evaluate the change between existing
conditions and if the 1 degree increase is allowed, and not how the river has
changed since the plant began operating.

Using 34,000 data points in the pool, Swanson evaluated the thermal plume and
its progression toward the Vernon Dam. Temperatures in the pool were taken from
May to November 2002, said Swanson.

Cooling water flows from the plant at between 100 to 800 cubic feet per second.
There are approximately 7.5 gallons of water in a cubic foot. The cooling water
is right around 100 degrees when it leaves the plant, said Swanson.

Evan Mullholland, speaking for the New England Coalition on Nuclear Pollution,
said the only reason for the temperature increase is to supply surplus
electricity that is not needed in Vermont.

"Alternatives do exist that will enable Vermont Yankee to generate electricity
without the extra thermal insult to the environment," said Mullholland.

Those alternatives include using the plant's cooling towers, replacing the
plant's steam condenser and using cooling pools to decrease the temperature of
discharge waters before they enter the river.

Representatives from Vermont Yankee said using the cooling towers "requires
energy that reduces the total electric output of the station and the Vernon
Dam."

"Consequently, increased use of cooling towers may negatively impact the price
of power."

No hearings are scheduled for Wednesday. They are due to resume Thursday at 9
a.m. in Windham Superior Court in Newfane.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Fire won't affect Hamilton McDonald's re-opening

BYLINE: Chelsey Levingston, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 434 words


May 15--HAMILTON -- The McDonald's on South Erie Boulevard plans to still open
today despite an end-of-April fire that destroyed a storage building on the
construction site.

The newly built fast-food restaurant plans to re-open at 11 a.m. today at 1771
S. Erie Blvd./Ohio 4 in Hamilton, said Owner Pat Pawling.

On April 27, a fire with smoke seen from downtown Hamilton burned a three car
garage being built for extra storage space, Pawling said. The unfinished storage
building was framed and roofed, but there was nothing in it, he said.

No flames touched the main restaurant building under construction. Therefore,
the fire did not affect the opening, Pawling said.

The cause of the fire "could have been anything, we just have no idea," he said.

Prior to last month's fire, the old McDonald's at the same site was torn down. A
new restaurant was rebuilt in its place with the national food chain's modern
finishes.

The original McDonald's on site was more than 50-years-old and still had the red
and white tile common among McDonald's first restaurants built in the 1960s,
Pawling said. It was the 212th McDonald's restaurant built in the company's
system. Today, Illinois-based McDonald's Corp. has more than 32,000 locations
worldwide.

Remodeled several times over the years, this is the first time the Hamilton
eatery was completely knocked down and rebuilt.

Pawling said he also bought the property next door, a former Rent-A-Center,
which was also demolished.

When the Hamilton restaurant opens again -- it's been closed about four weeks --
it will have 107 seats versus 92 previously. Also new is a side-by-side
drive-through. A third pick-up window was added for food orders that take more
time.

New service systems will operate inside for taking and filling orders. Customers
can eat anytime, as the restaurant's drive-through and dining room will be open
24/7.

The exterior, landscaping and signage have been improved.

Not only was the rebuild an opportunity to update facilities, its also given the
restaurant workers a chance to re-focus on customer service, Pawling said.

"We're really going to try to upgrade the overall hospitality of how we take
care of customers," he said. "I think if we portray how we feel about our
customers from a physical plant standpoint, we also have to do that to our
attitude."

Pawling and his wife, Debbie, own eight total McDonald's restaurants with
locations in Fairfield, Forest Park, Oxford, Hamilton, and Richmond, Ind.

___ (c)2014 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140515-HL-Fire-won-t-affect
-Hamilton-McDonald-s-re-opening-0515-20140515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2014 The Journal-News


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 27, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW WRONG TO CLOSE ITS CLINIC

BYLINE: JUSTYNA NIELSEN

SECTION: OPINION; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 523 words


Initially I was shocked by news that UW Hospital was closing the
Infertility/Reproductive Endocrinology Clinic on June 30.

Then I was overwhelmed by other emotions such as disgust, sadness, revulsion,
disbelief and a deep concern for our community.

I find the following statement from UW Hospital absurd and untrue -- "UW
Hospital does not see its decision to close the clinic as hurting women's health
services because it is focusing its resources on areas that affect many more
women, such as heart disease."

Infertility affects over 7.3 million people in the United States, according to a
2002 report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. One in eight
couples of childbearing age in this country battle infertility. Yet UW Hospital
dares to say this will not affect women in Madison?

How about UW Hospital owning up to its terrible decision, and admitting that it
will affect one out of eight women in Madison by no longer providing this vital
service. The alternatives UW Hospital says it will offer (but hasn't yet) by
listing other facilities in Wisconsin is useless. They must realize how vital
timing is to any infertility treatment. One cannot afford the time to drive to
Milwaukee, Green Bay or Rockford on all occasions and expect to achieve the same
success as by driving a short distance to a local facility.

I've been a proud resident of Madison for many years. But, the news about UW
Hospital closing the clinic has made me very sad about living in a city that
wouldn't offer these very vital services to our community. How come other,
smaller cities and towns in Wisconsin can offer it to their communities but not
the modern, health-conscious, city of Madison? Were we not voted one of the best
cities to live in the United States? I believe this decision will surely take
our city off that list. What does it say about Madison if we no longer care
about helping couples or even single people with this very basic human right to
bear children?

My husband and I were once patients of Drs. Elizabeth Pritts and David Olive.
They provided the only hope for us to have children. Battling infertility is one
of the worst battles one must undertake. It seems to be shameful to discuss this
problem with others.

There aren't a lot of alternatives and treatments, and those that are offered
are very expensive and without any guarantees. Yet so many people undergo them
just to try to have children. Drs. Pritts and Olive are miracle makers. Denying
them their practice takes many people's hope away.

Today is the first day I regret living in Madison, where a hospital decided to
short-change women and deny them their basic human right. I will never again use
any of the UW Hospital services. I will switch my insurance companies so I do
not have to ever rely on their services.

UW Hospital shames Madison. It sees infertility as unworthy of treatment. It
takes hope away from people who just want to have children. UW Hospital just
stopped miracles from happening. Shame on it and on those who can do something
to reverse this decision but don't. I wish I could, but all I can do is voice my
opinion, shared by so many others.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Nielsen lives in DeForest

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Waco Tribune-Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 30, 2009 Wednesday

Waco, Texas, Time Warner Cable customers may lose some Fox channels

BYLINE: Carl Hoover, Waco Tribune-Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


Dec. 30--Central Texas Time Warner Cable subscribers may see up to nine blank
cable channels Friday if the cable provider and television network Fox fail to
reach an agreement over retransmission of Fox programming by midnight Thursday.

The two corporations are fighting over the cost of those rights. While the
dispute won't affect viewers of Fox programming seen on local Fox affiliate
KWKT-TV, Channel 44, it could affect Fox cable channels such as Fox Sports
Southwest (which carries Dallas Mavericks basketball, Dallas Stars hockey and
some Big 12 men's and women's sports), FX, Speed Channel and Fox Plus, which
occasionally shows Texas Rangers, Houston Astros and Baylor University games
from Fox Sports.

It also would affect the digital-only offerings of Fox Soccer Channel, Fuel, Fox
Reality Channel, Fox Collegiate and Fox Sports en Espanol.

"The local Fox station won't be affected (by the dispute), but we do have the
potential of being affected by the cable networks involved," Time Warner Cable
spokesperson Stacy Schmitt said. "We are still negotiating."

If no agreement can be reached by the expiration of the current contract, Time
Warner Cable will replace the affected channels with a screen informing viewers
why the programming is missing, she said.

The rights squabble does not affect Fox News, Fox Business and the Fox Movie
Channels, Schmitt said, although the Fox Movie Channel is listed as a potential
casualty on the Fox Web site www.keepfoxon.com.

KWKT station manager Duane Sartor said the Fox-Time Warner showdown would affect
stations owned and operated by Fox but not affiliate stations such as KWKT.
Those owned-and-operated stations are in Austin; Dallas; Detroit; Los Angeles;
New York; Orlando, Fla.; and Tampa, Fla.

Viewers of the Central Texas station will see no change in programming or
scheduling as a result of the Fox-Time Warner retransmission fight, he said.

Grande Communications general manager Matt Rohre said his company had separate
retransmission agreements with Fox, and its customers would not be affected.

"We're in good shape," he said.

Subscribers of satellite television providers DirecTV and Dish Network will not
see any change in their Fox cable offerings.

For the last few weeks, Time Warner Cable and Fox had taken their disagreements
to television viewers, each blaming the other for holding favorite programming
hostage.

Time Warner asked its customers in full-page newspaper ads whether it should
"get tough" in negotiations over programming transmission fees, steering readers
to its Web site www.rolloverorgettough.com.

Fox referred viewers to www.keepfoxon.com, where visitors found a timer counting
down the days until such programs as "American Idol," "The Simpsons," "24,"
"House" and "Glee," as well as NFL football, Major League Baseball and NASCAR
coverage, might disappear from their television screens.

To see more of the Waco Tribune-Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wacotrib.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Waco Tribune-Herald, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091230-WO-CABLE-TV-DISPUTE-20091230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WO


                       Copyright 2009 Waco Tribune-Herald


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          November 9, 2011, Wednesday

Officials consider band's travel;
Move to Big 12 may affect Pride of West Virginia

BYLINE: ALEX LANG, THE DOMINION POST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4C

LENGTH: 646 words


MORGANTOWN - West Virginia University officials said they aren't sure if and how
the Mountaineers' Big 12 conference affiliation will affect the band's travel to
away football games.

Last week, WVU announced that it was joining the Big 12 conference. WVU has been
in the Big East since 1991. The Big 12 includes teams from Texas, Oklahoma and
other states in the Great Plains.

Iowa State is the closest Big 12 conference school to Morgantown, and it is 871
driving miles away, about the same distance as the farthest Big East school -
University of South Florida, at 817 miles.

WVU Marching Band Director Jay Drury said in an email to The Dominion Post he
isn't sure how the new conference would affect the Pride of West Virginia at
this point. But he is happy to join the conference.

"There are also several excellent band programs with great traditions in the Big
12, and we are excited to have the chance to be a part of this new group of
schools and excellent band programs," he wrote.

It's obvious the new conference will be a bit more of a challenge for traveling
because all of the locations will be significant bus rides, Drury wrote.

He wrote that he expects the issue of band travel to be discussed, but he noted
that the band will still travel in some capacity.

This year the band traveled to Rutgers on Oct. 29 and is going to the Cincinnati
game Saturday.

The athletic department provides $100,000 a year - plus expenses for any bowl
game - to the band. The band, through the WVU Foundation, also raises funds to
help with travel. A fund was established in 2007 and had raised $410,000 through
last July.

Drury told The Dominion Post that the cost of a trip varies, depending on how
many miles and the number of nights the band has to stay in a hotel. The LSU
trip in 2010 was the most expensive because of distance and the fact the
Southeastern Conference requires the school to purchase tickets for visiting
band members. Drury wrote that trip cost approximately $125,000.

Athletic Director Oliver Luck said the university hasn't yet considered if its
funding for the band will change with the new conference.

WVU President James Clements said he loves the band. He still remembers his
first time at a WVU game, standing on the 50-yard line and watching the band.

He said with the new conference, funding will have to change for the band. He
also said with the conference, revenues for WVU should increase as well.

In the past, the band has traveled to away games such as Auburn and LSU, Drury
wrote.

In the Big East, WVU was one of the few bands that did travel several times a
year, Drury wrote. But, in the bigger conferences it's more common, and almost
expected, for the school bands to travel to away games.

Assistant section leader and senior Steven White plays trumpet in the band. He
said the conference alignment has been a big discussion for the band and members
are looking forward to traveling further west.

White said he has gone on trips to Florida, Louisiana and Alabama with the band.
He said each time they have taken buses.

Sometimes the travel does interfere with class time, White said. It is up to
each student to work with the instructors to make sure they get all their
classwork. If there is a lesson or test the student can't miss, they are excused
from the trip.

"Class comes first," he said.

White said the trip to LSU last year wasn't as bad as he thought it was going to
be. Every now and then the buses would stop to allow the performers to stretch
their legs or grab a bite to eat.

For many away games, the buses leave late at night or early in the morning,
White said. Many times students use the chance to sleep, and when they wake up,
they are arriving at the opposing stadium.

The trips are a chance to showcase the band, he said, but not just at the
opposing stadium as the band will often make stops along their journey to play
for various groups.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               KSWB-TV, San Diego

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 26, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Hurricane Irene affects San Diego travelers

BYLINE: John Langeler, KSWB-TV, San Diego

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 199 words


Aug. 26--SAN DIEGO -- Hurricane Irene's impending landfall affected air travel
across the U.S., including in San Diego.

Several flights were delayed in and out of Lindbergh Field Thursday.  Many
passengers tried to accelerate their travel plans to beat the storm.

Airline companies have tried to accomodate customers by removing some transfer
fees.

Local professional volleyball player Heather Evans returned to San Diego
Thursday night after her tournament in Virginia Beach was abruptly canceled due
to the hurricane.  She spent less than 10 hours on the east coast before finding
a way back.

"I flew more than six hours.  I was in the airport four hours yesterday, doubled
today," Evans said.

"Tons of people on standby.  One of our other pro players couldn't get back.
She was sent to Chicago," she added.

Evans had to race back to California to take part in another tournament in
Manhattan Beach scheduled to begin Friday morning.

Other passengers weren't so lucky.  Airline companies are encouraging all
passengers to check their flight's status before heading to the airport.

___ (c)2011 KSWB-TV (San Diego) Visit KSWB-TV (San Diego) at
www.fox5sandiego.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110826-5KS-BRF-Hurricane-Irene-affects
-San-Diego-travelers-0826-20110826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KS


                                 Copyright 2011


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 29, 2006 Sunday
                                 Metro Edition

quotes of the week

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 147 words


"I think what he's saying is, `Let's not get caught with our pants down later,'
"

- Minneapolis School Board Chairman Joseph Erickson, commenting on Monday about
interim Superintendant Bill Green's recommendation that the district consider
another round of school closings.

"I'm in denial. I don't think about it; I really don't.''

-- Meridian Linster, a junior at St. Paul's Metropolitan State University, on
how she copes with $18,000 in college loans.

"I saw an engaged discussion about libraries for the first time in my experience
here."

-- Minneapolis Library Director Kit Hadley, after a City Council hearing on
library funding.

"What affects one single woman out there ... affects families, affects
neighborhoods, affects the city, affects all of us.''

-- St. Paul Police Chief John Harrington, after plans were announced for a
domestic abuse resource center in St. Paul City Hall.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 22, 1995, Tuesday, City Edition

Chiles offers a choice: health plan or disaster

BYLINE: SUE LANDRY

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 786 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Preaching to a choir of local supporters, Gov. Lawton Chiles on Monday
predicted the loss of 68,265 jobs and an economic disaster for Florida if the
Legislature refuses for the fourth time to adopt his health care plan next
month.

Chiles, speaking at the University of South Florida in St. Petersburg, said
that without his plan, Florida would lose $ 8-billion during the next several
years as a result of Medicaid cuts being considered in Congress. The loss of
that money, in turn, would lead to disastrous cuts in education and other  state
programs, he predicted.

"It would affect our education. It would affect our public safety. It  would
affect our parks and recreation. It would affect our health. It would  affect
all of those areas," Chiles told local elected and education officials  and
hospital administrators. He admitted the stop was part of his continuing  effort
to create a groundswell of pressure on a reluctant state Senate.

Supporters in the audience joined Chiles in predicting disasters like the  loss
of health care for thousands of elderly people and children and the  failure of
Tampa General Hospital and other large public hospitals, which  would be left to
care for the growing numbers of indigent patients.

"I think it's rather terrifying," said Dennis Sexton, president and CEO  of All
Children's Hospital in St. Petersburg, where 60 percent of children  treated are
on Medicaid. "It appears to us that children may be the biggest  losers over the
next several years. Their (medical) conditions are not going  to go away because
of legislative fiat."

Chiles has yet to announce the dates of the September special legislative
session. But the battle he faces is a familiar one. This is the fourth time
Chiles will try to get the Legislature to adopt his plan, which would extend
Medicaid coverage to the working poor as well as welfare recipients.

Chiles has accused Republicans in the Senate of blocking his plan because  of
party loyalty to U.S. Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. But Republican  state
lawmakers, including Florida Senate President Jim Scott, say they have  been
assured by the national leadership that Florida will get the money it  needs
through block grants.

Congress proposes to chop $ 187-billion from the federal budget by keeping
Medicaid spending to 5 percent growth each year. The problem for Florida is
that the state has been growing at 12 percent.

To receive funding at the 12 percent level, the state would have to adopt
Chiles' plan and ask the federal government for a waiver so Florida could keep
the savings from moving welfare recipients into health maintenance
organizations and other forms of managed care. The savings would allow the
state to extend health care coverage to the working poor and others with
inadequate coverage for health care.

"I don't think this should be whether the Democrats win or the Republicans
win," Chiles said. "This should be a no-brainer for lawmakers. A "yes' vote
will keep $ 8-billion in Florida; a "no' vote will send that money back to
Washington. Who in their right mind would want to do that?"

The loss of that $ 8-billion would reverberate through the Florida economy,
making it more difficult for the state to fund education and other important
programs, Chiles said.

Republicans in the state Senate have attacked Chiles' plan and charge that  the
$ 8-billion would require Florida to raise $ 6-billion in state matching  funds
through taxes during the five-year span of the program. They also say  Florida
would have no guarantee the federal money would keep flowing after the
five-year term of the federal waiver.

On Monday, Chiles said the $ 6-billion estimate of matching funds is about  10
percent too high and that any matching funds would come from sources other  than
tax dollars, including health care savings and contributions by small
employers. And he said provisions could be written into the plan that would
prevent Florida from being stuck with what the Republicans are calling "a new
welfare program" at the end of the five-year waiver.

Scott, in a recent letter to Chiles, also said he has assurances from
congressional leaders that Congress will approve block grants that will give
Florida and other states the money they need to create a flexible Medicaid
program.

But Chiles said he distrusts those assurances.

Congressional lawmakers are "just going to push this problem down to us,"
Chiles said. "They're going to say, "Look, we saved the money,' but they're  not
doing any of the heavy lifting. We're the ones who are going to have to  decide
who lives and who dies."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, FRED VICTORIN; Gov. Lawton Chiles speaks at a forum on
public health care at the University of South Florida in St. Petersburg.

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 1, 2013 Wednesday

'Dredging crisis' affects Great Lakes

BYLINE: John Myers, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 630 words


May 01--When the 1,000-foot freighter Edgar B. Speer departed Two Harbors
earlier this week for a steel mill in Gary, Ind., it left with a load of 60,000
tons of taconite.

That might sound like a lot of iron ore, but it's 10,000 tons less than a full
load. And that's the problem that shipping industry and port officials are
calling the Great Lakes "dredging crisis."

That much taconite left behind amounts to one entire shift at a large Minnesota
taconite plant -- enough ore to make 6,700 tons of steel and thousands of
automobiles -- all because one segment in the Great Lakes shipping system was
clogged, said Gregg Ruhl, director of the Duluth-based Great Lakes Fleet that
owns and operates the Speer.

While the harbor at Two Harbors is plenty deep, more than the 28 feet needed for
Great Lakes freighters at full capacity, there's a portion of the St. Marys
River near Sault Ste. Marie that has filled in with sediment to less than 26
feet deep. To get through that section, ships passing through must be light
enough to clear the bottom.

"As a result, we had to leave 10,000 tons of taconite on the dock in Two
Harbors," Ruhl said.

That's 15 percent of the ship's capacity, he said, and over a season it amounts
to millions of dollars of lost revenue for the shipping companies operating on
the lakes. That cost is passed on to the mining companies, to steelmakers and
eventually on to consumers, he said.

And there are dozens more clogged sites like that across the lakes -- filled in
with sediment that isn't being dredged out because of a lack of action in
Washington. That stalemate, an annoyance in high-water years, has become a
crisis in recent years during the longest period of low water since 1918. Lakes
Huron and Michigan, for example, are more than 2 feet below their normal level.

The problem, Ruhl and others said Tuesday at a Duluth portside press conference,
is a $200 million backlog of dredging across the Great Lakes because Congress
won't release money from the federal Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. That fund,
stocked with port user fees paid by shippers, now sits at more than $7 billion
and growing.

It's not being spent, Ruhr suggested, because the fund balance helps offset the
federal budget deficit. But the backlog of dredging is strangling the Great
Lakes system of moving freight more cheaply and with less energy and
environmental impact than land options.

"That's what's created the dredging crisis," said Adolph Ojard, executive
director of the Duluth Seaway Port Authority. "The money is there; it's not
being spent for what it was intended."

While the Twin Ports are managing to keep channel depth adequate, "the real
issue is our trading partners" on the other Great Lakes, Ojard said.

When those ports are forced to close because of low water, there's less traffic
across the Great Lakes system, and that could lead to a "death spiral" of
declining tonnage and clout for the Seaway, Ojard said.

U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., was in Duluth Tuesday to highlight the
importance of the issue to the Minnesota economy. She has co-sponsored
legislation that would force the government to spend its harbor money for the
intended purpose each year. That language also has been included in the larger
Water Resources Development Act, which could see action in the Senate in coming
weeks, Klobuchar said.

The port "connects our businesses to the rest of the world," Klobuchar said,
adding that the port served as the "cornerstone of this region's economy."

"When ships on the Great Lakes have to light load ... because channels are not
deep enough, our economy suffers," Klobuchar added.

___ (c)2013 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130501-DU-Dredging-crisis-affects-Great-Lakes-0501-20130501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2013 Duluth News-Tribune


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

How Governor Daniels' decision will affect Indiana politics

BYLINE: Russ McQuaid, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


May 23--INDIANAPOLIS -- The political world was still buzzing Monday about
Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels and his decision not to run for president. It was
a blow to the Republican party. Many saw Daniels as the best challenger to
President Barack Obama. Now the question is: What does Daniels' decision mean
for Indiana voters now and in the near future?

"I think Mitch Daniels brought the right combination: pragmatism and practice,
and the record to get the job done. I think it's a tremendous loss for our
nation honestly," said Indiana House Speaker Brian Bosma (R-Indianapolis).

Daniels' decision also means the governor will be focused on Indiana issues and
politics and not Republican caucuses, primaries and votes for the next year and
a half.

"The governor will remain at the helm here which is very positive for Hoosier
taxpayers and all of us. It probably changes the financial picture here in
Indiana politics. If the governor was at the top of the ticket, there would have
been a sucking sound of contributions on the Republican side. The money would've
gone toward that race," said Bosma.

"We've still got an 8.2 percent jobless rate in this state and there's a lot of
people in pain. Certainly him being away from the state for long periods of
time... I think that would be very hard for a govenor to leave office before the
term ends," said political analyst Brian Howey of Howey Politics.

Now that Governor Daniels has taken himself out of the running, it somewhat
clears up the potential Republican candidates. The four front runners so far
are:

--Former Speaker of the House New Gingrich, announced his candidacy earlier this
month

--Texas Congressman Ron Paul, announced his candidacy earlier this month

--Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty, who announced his candidacy officially on
Monday

--Former presidential candidate and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney is
expected to announce his plans soon

As for what's next for Mitch Daniels, there's already speculation he'll still
end up in Washington.

"There may very well be a key role for him in Washington, D.C. I'm not sure he
wants to do that," speculated Bosma.

"In June, July, August of 2012 when the vice presidential speculation comes up,
Mitch Daniels is going to be on every short list," added Howey.

To see more of WXIN-TV, Indianapolis, go to http://www.fox59.com/ Copyright (c)
2011, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110523-5IN-How-Governor-Daniels-decision-will-affect
-Indiana-politics-0523-20110523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2011 WXIN-TV


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday

Superior Bank failure shouldn't affect customers

BYLINE: Eric Fleischauer, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


April 16--The federal Office of Thrift Supervision closed Birmingham-based
Superior Bank after business hours Friday, but the bank will resume operations
under new ownership today.

Superior has branches in Decatur, Hartselle and Falkville in Morgan County, and
in Athens and Elkmont in Limestone County.

In a press release, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said Superior Bank
customers should not be impacted by the closure. FDIC entered into a
purchase-and-assumption agreement with Superior Bank N.A., of Birmingham, a
newly chartered bank subsidiary of Community Bancorp LLC of Houston, Texas, to
assume all of the deposits of Superior Bank.

It is the second acquisition for CBC, which opened last year.

"Over the weekend, depositors of Superior Bank can access their money by writing
checks or using ATM or debit cards," the FDIC release said.

"Checks drawn on the bank will continue to be processed. Loan customers should
continue to make their payments as usual."

Superior's three Morgan County branches had $91.8 million in deposits as of June
30, according to FDIC records. The bank with the most Morgan County deposits,
Regions Bank, had $414.4 million in deposits as of June 30.

A spokeswoman for Community Bancorp sought to reassure Superior customers
Friday.

"No Superior Bank customer has lost any money on deposit as a result of this
transaction," said Danielle Kernell. "Over the weekend, Superior Bank branches
offering Saturday hours will be open as usual. Superior customers will have
access to their accounts, and depositors will continue to be insured as
prescribed by FDIC guidelines."

She said customer account numbers and ATM cards will remain the same after the
transfer, and "CBC intends to add services, products and make enhancements for
its customers in the future."

Superior Bank had about $3 billion in assets and $2.7 billion in deposits at its
103 branches as of Dec. 31, according to FDIC records.

"It is a win-win for Superior Bank customers, employees and the local
communities in which we operate," said Paul B. Murphy Jr., CBC's chief executive
officer, in a statement. "Customers can rest assured they are now part of one of
the best capitalized banks in Alabama and Florida and throughout the Southeast."

Superior Bank was the largest bank failure this year in terms of assets, the
Wall Street Journal reported on its website. The previous biggest failure in
2011 involved $2.31 billion in assets.

FDIC estimated the cost of the closure to the Deposit Insurance Fund will be
$259.6 million. With the closure of Superior Bank and five other banks Friday,
there have been 34 U.S. bank failures in 2011. There were 157 bank closures in
2010.

The only other Alabama-based bank to close this year is Birmingham-based Nexity
Bank, which also closed Friday.

Newly chartered AloStar Bank of Commerce in Birmingham took over Nexity's
assets. Nexity had $793.7 million in assets and $637.8 million in deposits.

FDIC estimated that Nexity's closure would cost the Deposit Insurance Fund
$175.4 million.

Customers with questions about the closure of Superior or Nexity can contact the
FDIC at 1-800-640-2538. The phone number will be operational today from 9 a.m.
to 6 p.m.; on Sunday from noon to 6 p.m.; and weekdays from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m.

Other banks closed Friday were Bartow County Bank of Cartersville, Ga., with
$330.2 million in assets; New Horizons Bank in East Ellijay, Ga., with $110.7
million in assets; Rosemount National Bank in Rosemount, Minn., with $37.6
million in assets, and Heritage Banking Group, based in Carthage, Miss., with
$224 million in assets.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2011, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110416-DD-Superior-Bank-failure-shouldn-t-affect-customers-20110416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 14, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Pitcher Ainsworth Headed Back to Baltimore for Tests

BYLINE: Jorge Arangure Jr., Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; D01

LENGTH: 685 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. March 13


Once a first-round pick and the top prospect acquired when the Orioles traded
Sidney Ponson to the San Francisco Giants, pitcher Kurt Ainsworth will fly to
Baltimore on Monday for an examination of an aching right shoulder that could
end his playing career.

Ainsworth, who has suffered numerous arm problems during a four-year major
league career, said he would consider retirement if tests prove his shoulder
pain is serious. Last season, Ainsworth, 26, missed a large part of the season
after arthroscopic elbow surgery. A stress fracture in his right shoulder ended
his 2003 season with San Francisco. Ainsworth also missed a season at Louisiana
State University after undergoing elbow-reconstruction surgery.

"It's something that I will have to wait and see what the doctor says,"
Ainsworth said. "I am going to go in there optimistic, hoping it's just some
sort of inflammation. I am going to go back and reassess everything because this
sure hasn't been a fun past couple of years. It's been pretty miserable to tell
you the truth, especially performing at a level that you know you're better
than. It's not that much fun.

"If I feel like [if] I can't get back to the same level I did before, then maybe
I would consider doing something else. But I am not even thinking about that
right now. Hopefully, nothing is wrong and I'll rest for a couple of weeks."

Ainsworth said he first felt pain in the shoulder during the second week of
spring training after a 15-minute bullpen session. The pain had been sporadic,
but it seemed to affect Ainsworth on Friday when he allowed five runs in two
innings against the Florida Marlins.

"It hurts to get loose," Ainsworth said. "It hurts to throw. It affects those
things, but that's what I have to get back, because it does affect the way I
throw. It affects my pitching. If I could just deal with the pain and throw like
I have done in the past few years with everything else going on, that's
different. But this is actually starting to affect my pitches now. I have
nothing there. It's like I'm throwing it and the ball doesn't even come out. I
am lobbing it in there."

Orioles pitching coach Ray Miller said he never suspected Ainsworth might be
seriously hurt. With Ainsworth's arm troubles, the Orioles brought the pitcher
along slowly this spring.

Ainsworth threw a scoreless inning in his spring debut a week ago in Vero Beach,
Fla. On Friday, Ainsworth did not allow a run in his first inning of work. He
allowed five runs in his second inning. Miller said he thought Ainsworth was
trying to push the ball during that second inning.

"Sometimes he said he felt nothing, other times he said he felt something,"
Miller said. "I just suggested when he started feeling something, 'Why don't you
get your mind cleared and get it checked out?' I told him that four days ago.
First time coming off an injury, anything you feel is reason for alarm."

The Orioles hoped Ainsworth would make a strong bid for the fifth spot in the
rotation. Matt Riley's slow start had allowed Ainsworth an opportunity to make
the major league team. Last season Ainsworth began the year in the starting
rotation, but was sent to Class AAA Ottawa after posting a 0-1 record with a
9.68 ERA in 302/3 innings. He arrived in camp and proclaimed himself healthy. If
the injury is serious, Ainsworth may fall back on a business degree he earned
from LSU in the offseason.

Even if the injury isn't career-ending, it will set Ainsworth back, likely
landing him in Ottawa to start the season.

Ainsworth believes the stress fracture in his shoulder in 2003 has hindered him
for the past two years, likely changing his mechanics and causing some of the
subsequent arm troubles.

"It's just one thing on top of the other," Ainsworth said. "It seems like I am
going for every area of the arm. First the Tommy John [elbow ligament
replacement], to the outside of the elbow to the shoulder blade to the shoulder
joint. I have covered about all of them. At least I got to do some good things
early. If I never played again, I have had a good career. But hopefully, it's
nothing."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Livestock virus has spread to 9 Utah counties

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 304 words


A highly contagious livestock virus that causes lesions on horses and cattle has
now spread to nine Utah counties, the Utah Department of Agriculture and Food
announced this week.

Vesicular Stomatitis (VS) has been detected in Beaver, Carbon, Duchesne, Emery,
Grand, Kane, San Juan, Uintah and Weber counties. State Veterinarian Barry
Pittman is advising Utah livestock owners to take appropriate biosecurity
measures.

VS, which was first detected in Kane County earlier this year, primarily affects
cattle and horses but can occasionally affect swine, sheep and goats. It rarely
affects humans.

VS produces lesions in animal's mouths and udders. Though it's not generally
fatal, the blisters leave raw tissue that is so painful that infected animals
generally refuse to eat or drink and may show signs of lameness. Severe weight
loss usually follows, and in dairy cows, a severe drop in milk production
commonly occurs.

There is no specific treatment or cure for vesicular stomatitis. Livestock
owners can protect their animals by avoiding congregation of animals in the
vicinity where the disease has occurred.

Pittman said that 2015 has been an active season for vesicular stomatitis in the
Southwest.

Owners intending to travel out of state with their animals should check with the
destination state first, as some states have applied interstate movement
restrictions from states where this disease has been diagnosed.

Utah is one of eight sates to have confirmed or suspected VS cases, according to
a recent status report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Other states
affected are Arizona, Colorado, Nebraska, New Mexico, South Dakota, Texas and
Wyoming.

Livestock owners also are asked to report any symptoms to a veterinarian or the
state department of agriculture at: 801-538-7109, 801-538- 7161 or
bpittman@utah.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 17, 2008 Monday

Hey bud, Move Back

BYLINE: ERIK HOGSTROM TH staff writer/ehogstrom@wcinet.com

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 566 words


Other findings Heart researchers recently gathered in New Orleans for American
Heart Association's Scientific Sessions 2008. Besides research suggesting
earbuds might affect implanted heart devices, scientists announced: 3 Vitamins C
and E do nothing to prevent heart disease in men, one of the largest and longest
studies of these supplements has found. Vitamin E even appeared to raise the
risk of bleeding strokes. 3 Low-dose aspirin does not appear to significantly
reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with type-2 diabetes.

3 Surplus energy generated by the heart could one day help power pacemakers and
defibrillators implanted in cardiac patients. Source: The American Heart
Association. A little technological item could pose a bigger health risk than
supposed. Some iPod earbuds in the shirt pocket or draped around the neck of
people with a pacemaker or an implanted defibrillator could interfere with the
devices. "Headphones contain magnets, and some of these magnets are powerful,"
said Dr. William Maisel, a cardiologist at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center
in Boston and a heart device consultant to the federal Food and Drug
Administration. Some of the magnets are powerful enough to affect implanted
heart devices, Maisel recently told an American Heart Association conference.
Nearly 2 million people worldwide have pacemakers, defibrillators or other
devices to help their hearts beat faster, slower or more regularly. Tests by the
FDA earlier this year concluded that iPods or other music players posed no
threat to these devices as long as they were used properly. Dr. Nancy Sweitzer
is a clinician-scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison whose research
focuses on the physiology of heart failure. Sweitzer recently took a break from
seeing patients - including those from Dubuque - to attend the association
conference. "The earbud study is very interesting," Sweitzer said. "The
investigators knew some earbuds contain magnetic parts, and all of these
implanted devices interact with magnets." Doctors treating patients with
implanted devices typically use magnets to deactivate the pacemaker or
defibrillator during routine checks. "Investigators very deliberately wanted to
test the ear pieces," Sweitzer said. "When they placed the ear pieces right over
the (implanted) devices, a small number of patients were sensitive to some of
the ear pieces." When headphones were about an inch from the device, researchers
detected interference nearly one-fourth of the time. A pacemaker reset itself in
one patient. "All device patients need to be aware that magnetic fields can
affect them," Sweitzer said. Maisel said it is smart to keep small electronics
at least a few inches from implanted medical devices, and not let someone
wearing headphones lean against your chest if you have one. "The headphone
interaction applies whether or not the headphones are plugged in to the music
player and whether or not the music player is on or off," he said. Earbuds are
among the only technological devices to negatively affect patients with
implanted devices. "Other electronic devices have been tested extensively. Cell
phones, Bluetooth doesn't affect devices, security gates placed in the entrances
to stores at the mall, if you stay in the middle you are fine," Sweitzer said.
"Pretty much everyday life is very safe." - The Associated Press contributed

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Ohio: PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE STUDENT PUBLISHES WORK ON FACEBOOK STUDY

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: Columbus


The University of Toledo, The State of Ohio has issued the following News
release:

Does the number of likes on Facebook affect how much you like yourself? A recent
study was published by a University of Toledo graduate student on an experiment
exploring the effects social media has on self-esteem.


Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.
Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel led an
experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study was published in
Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel wrote an article on her
social media study that was printed in the October edition of Psychology of
Popular Media Culture, a scholarly journal dedicated to experimental research
and papers on popular culture and media influence.
She worked with graduate student Lindsay Roberts and 2013 graduate Katie Eckles
to conduct the experiment in spring 2013. Vogel, Roberts and Eckles were
students of Dr. Jason Rose, UT associate professor of psychology, who encouraged
the collaboration.

"It started when we were talking about social comparisons," Vogel said. "We
started talking about Facebook because it's relatively new and it's a really
rich source of social information for people. They can get all sorts of
information about people they barely know -- their daily habits, their
activities, all sorts of things about their lives."

Vogel said the experiment was divided into two separate studies. In the first
one, they surveyed people about their self-esteem, social media habits, and how
much they felt they compare themselves to others. For the second study, she said
they created fake Facebook profiles and showed them to students, saying they
belonged to other UT students.

The profiles varied based on whether they conveyed an upward comparison target,
or someone with desirable characteristics, or a downward comparison target, or
someone with undesirable characteristics.

Vogel explained they created upward comparisons by making the fake profiles
depict students who had very desirable characteristics, such as being very fit
and healthy and receiving social support from their Facebook friends and family
in the form of virtual likes and comments. On the other hand, they created
downward comparison targets by making the profiles depict students who had
undesirable characteristics, such as a sedentary lifestyle and the lack of
social support from family and friends.

Once they finished viewing the fake profiles, students' self-esteem was measured
in two ways: trait self-esteem, the way one generally feels about or evaluates
himself or herself, and state self-esteem, how one feels about or evaluates
herself or himself at a given point. Vogel said trait self-esteem was used to
measure the effects Facebook has on long-term self-esteem, and state self-esteem
to measure how people feel about themselves while they were actually viewing the
profiles.

"In study one, it was observed that people who use Facebook most frequently
tended to have lower trait self-esteem," Rose said. "So they have this lower
chronic, stable self-esteem and that tended to be because of the fact that
Facebook involves so many of the upward social comparisons -- comparing
ourselves to people who are doing great things, who we think are better than us
on some dimension."

Rose said even temporary exposure to Facebook profiles with an upward comparison
target, like the ones viewed in the second phase of the study, affected
self-esteem -- particularly state self-esteem.

Vogel, who is in her third year of graduate school, said she plans to look for
research positions at a university after she graduates. Eventually, she would
like to apply for a faculty position. Getting this paper published will boost
her opportunities, she said.

"It's my first publication, so I'm really excited about it," she said. "It's
definitely important to have a good publication record for getting a job. It's
given me a lot of insight into the peer-review process and just the entire
process from start to finish from coming up with an idea to getting it
published."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Ohio: PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE STUDENT PUBLISHES WORK ON FACEBOOK STUDY

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: Columbus


The University of Toledo, The State of Ohio has issued the following News
release:

Does the number of likes on Facebook affect how much you like yourself? A recent
study was published by a University of Toledo graduate student on an experiment
exploring the effects social media has on self-esteem.


Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.
Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel led an
experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study was published in
Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel wrote an article on her
social media study that was printed in the October edition of Psychology of
Popular Media Culture, a scholarly journal dedicated to experimental research
and papers on popular culture and media influence.
She worked with graduate student Lindsay Roberts and 2013 graduate Katie Eckles
to conduct the experiment in spring 2013. Vogel, Roberts and Eckles were
students of Dr. Jason Rose, UT associate professor of psychology, who encouraged
the collaboration.

"It started when we were talking about social comparisons," Vogel said. "We
started talking about Facebook because it's relatively new and it's a really
rich source of social information for people. They can get all sorts of
information about people they barely know -- their daily habits, their
activities, all sorts of things about their lives."

Vogel said the experiment was divided into two separate studies. In the first
one, they surveyed people about their self-esteem, social media habits, and how
much they felt they compare themselves to others. For the second study, she said
they created fake Facebook profiles and showed them to students, saying they
belonged to other UT students.

The profiles varied based on whether they conveyed an upward comparison target,
or someone with desirable characteristics, or a downward comparison target, or
someone with undesirable characteristics.

Vogel explained they created upward comparisons by making the fake profiles
depict students who had very desirable characteristics, such as being very fit
and healthy and receiving social support from their Facebook friends and family
in the form of virtual likes and comments. On the other hand, they created
downward comparison targets by making the profiles depict students who had
undesirable characteristics, such as a sedentary lifestyle and the lack of
social support from family and friends.

Once they finished viewing the fake profiles, students' self-esteem was measured
in two ways: trait self-esteem, the way one generally feels about or evaluates
himself or herself, and state self-esteem, how one feels about or evaluates
herself or himself at a given point. Vogel said trait self-esteem was used to
measure the effects Facebook has on long-term self-esteem, and state self-esteem
to measure how people feel about themselves while they were actually viewing the
profiles.

"In study one, it was observed that people who use Facebook most frequently
tended to have lower trait self-esteem," Rose said. "So they have this lower
chronic, stable self-esteem and that tended to be because of the fact that
Facebook involves so many of the upward social comparisons -- comparing
ourselves to people who are doing great things, who we think are better than us
on some dimension."

Rose said even temporary exposure to Facebook profiles with an upward comparison
target, like the ones viewed in the second phase of the study, affected
self-esteem -- particularly state self-esteem.

Vogel, who is in her third year of graduate school, said she plans to look for
research positions at a university after she graduates. Eventually, she would
like to apply for a faculty position. Getting this paper published will boost
her opportunities, she said.

"It's my first publication, so I'm really excited about it," she said. "It's
definitely important to have a good publication record for getting a job. It's
given me a lot of insight into the peer-review process and just the entire
process from start to finish from coming up with an idea to getting it
published."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Ohio: PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE STUDENT PUBLISHES WORK ON FACEBOOK STUDY

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: Columbus


The University of Toledo, The State of Ohio has issued the following News
release:

Does the number of likes on Facebook affect how much you like yourself? A recent
study was published by a University of Toledo graduate student on an experiment
exploring the effects social media has on self-esteem.


Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.
Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel led an
experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study was published in
Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel wrote an article on her
social media study that was printed in the October edition of Psychology of
Popular Media Culture, a scholarly journal dedicated to experimental research
and papers on popular culture and media influence.
She worked with graduate student Lindsay Roberts and 2013 graduate Katie Eckles
to conduct the experiment in spring 2013. Vogel, Roberts and Eckles were
students of Dr. Jason Rose, UT associate professor of psychology, who encouraged
the collaboration.

"It started when we were talking about social comparisons," Vogel said. "We
started talking about Facebook because it's relatively new and it's a really
rich source of social information for people. They can get all sorts of
information about people they barely know -- their daily habits, their
activities, all sorts of things about their lives."

Vogel said the experiment was divided into two separate studies. In the first
one, they surveyed people about their self-esteem, social media habits, and how
much they felt they compare themselves to others. For the second study, she said
they created fake Facebook profiles and showed them to students, saying they
belonged to other UT students.

The profiles varied based on whether they conveyed an upward comparison target,
or someone with desirable characteristics, or a downward comparison target, or
someone with undesirable characteristics.

Vogel explained they created upward comparisons by making the fake profiles
depict students who had very desirable characteristics, such as being very fit
and healthy and receiving social support from their Facebook friends and family
in the form of virtual likes and comments. On the other hand, they created
downward comparison targets by making the profiles depict students who had
undesirable characteristics, such as a sedentary lifestyle and the lack of
social support from family and friends.

Once they finished viewing the fake profiles, students' self-esteem was measured
in two ways: trait self-esteem, the way one generally feels about or evaluates
himself or herself, and state self-esteem, how one feels about or evaluates
herself or himself at a given point. Vogel said trait self-esteem was used to
measure the effects Facebook has on long-term self-esteem, and state self-esteem
to measure how people feel about themselves while they were actually viewing the
profiles.

"In study one, it was observed that people who use Facebook most frequently
tended to have lower trait self-esteem," Rose said. "So they have this lower
chronic, stable self-esteem and that tended to be because of the fact that
Facebook involves so many of the upward social comparisons -- comparing
ourselves to people who are doing great things, who we think are better than us
on some dimension."

Rose said even temporary exposure to Facebook profiles with an upward comparison
target, like the ones viewed in the second phase of the study, affected
self-esteem -- particularly state self-esteem.

Vogel, who is in her third year of graduate school, said she plans to look for
research positions at a university after she graduates. Eventually, she would
like to apply for a faculty position. Getting this paper published will boost
her opportunities, she said.

"It's my first publication, so I'm really excited about it," she said. "It's
definitely important to have a good publication record for getting a job. It's
given me a lot of insight into the peer-review process and just the entire
process from start to finish from coming up with an idea to getting it
published."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Ohio: PSYCHOLOGY GRADUATE STUDENT PUBLISHES WORK ON FACEBOOK STUDY

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: Columbus


The University of Toledo, The State of Ohio has issued the following News
release:

Does the number of likes on Facebook affect how much you like yourself? A recent
study was published by a University of Toledo graduate student on an experiment
exploring the effects social media has on self-esteem.


Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.
Erin Vogel led an experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study
was published in Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel led an
experiement to see how Facebook affects self-esteem; the study was published in
Psychology of Popular Media Culture.[/caption]Erin Vogel wrote an article on her
social media study that was printed in the October edition of Psychology of
Popular Media Culture, a scholarly journal dedicated to experimental research
and papers on popular culture and media influence.
She worked with graduate student Lindsay Roberts and 2013 graduate Katie Eckles
to conduct the experiment in spring 2013. Vogel, Roberts and Eckles were
students of Dr. Jason Rose, UT associate professor of psychology, who encouraged
the collaboration.

"It started when we were talking about social comparisons," Vogel said. "We
started talking about Facebook because it's relatively new and it's a really
rich source of social information for people. They can get all sorts of
information about people they barely know -- their daily habits, their
activities, all sorts of things about their lives."

Vogel said the experiment was divided into two separate studies. In the first
one, they surveyed people about their self-esteem, social media habits, and how
much they felt they compare themselves to others. For the second study, she said
they created fake Facebook profiles and showed them to students, saying they
belonged to other UT students.

The profiles varied based on whether they conveyed an upward comparison target,
or someone with desirable characteristics, or a downward comparison target, or
someone with undesirable characteristics.

Vogel explained they created upward comparisons by making the fake profiles
depict students who had very desirable characteristics, such as being very fit
and healthy and receiving social support from their Facebook friends and family
in the form of virtual likes and comments. On the other hand, they created
downward comparison targets by making the profiles depict students who had
undesirable characteristics, such as a sedentary lifestyle and the lack of
social support from family and friends.

Once they finished viewing the fake profiles, students' self-esteem was measured
in two ways: trait self-esteem, the way one generally feels about or evaluates
himself or herself, and state self-esteem, how one feels about or evaluates
herself or himself at a given point. Vogel said trait self-esteem was used to
measure the effects Facebook has on long-term self-esteem, and state self-esteem
to measure how people feel about themselves while they were actually viewing the
profiles.

"In study one, it was observed that people who use Facebook most frequently
tended to have lower trait self-esteem," Rose said. "So they have this lower
chronic, stable self-esteem and that tended to be because of the fact that
Facebook involves so many of the upward social comparisons -- comparing
ourselves to people who are doing great things, who we think are better than us
on some dimension."

Rose said even temporary exposure to Facebook profiles with an upward comparison
target, like the ones viewed in the second phase of the study, affected
self-esteem -- particularly state self-esteem.

Vogel, who is in her third year of graduate school, said she plans to look for
research positions at a university after she graduates. Eventually, she would
like to apply for a faculty position. Getting this paper published will boost
her opportunities, she said.

"It's my first publication, so I'm really excited about it," she said. "It's
definitely important to have a good publication record for getting a job. It's
given me a lot of insight into the peer-review process and just the entire
process from start to finish from coming up with an idea to getting it
published."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Burfict told to keep his head up;
Coordinator says linebackers' tackling style is 'ridiculous.';
NFL WEEK 8 BENGALS

BYLINE: By Jay Morrison

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 533 words


Paul Guenther says his defensive unit is hurt when linebacker Vontaze Burfict is
out of the game.

Bengals linebacker Vontaze Burfict (right) has been criticized for putting his
head down before making a tackle, like this one against Panthers quarterback Cam
Newton on Oct. 12. AJ MAST / ASSOCIATED PRESS

CINCINNATI - Cincinnati Bengals defensive coordinator Paul Guenther admitted he
broke character during Monday's meetings and let his players know just how irate
he was with another poor performance Sunday in Indianapolis.

And it was obvious Guenther was still in a fiery mood while talking to reporters
Wednesday afternoon when the topic turned to Vontaze Burfict and his insistence
on lowering his head when tackling, a technique that has led to multiple
injuries while forcing to the Pro Bowl linebacker to miss two games and leave
another three early.

"He's got to get it right," Guenther said, "He can't keep coming out of games.
Like I told him: It's ridiculous. When I'm counting on him to play, he's got to
keep his face up."

Burfict has played just 33 percent of the defensive snaps this year after being
on the field for 96 percent of them a year ago.

His first-quarter exit Sunday in Indianapolis - the result of a neck injury
after lowering his head to hit quarterback Andrew Luck - was particularly
troubling because the Bengals were already without injured starters Rey Maualuga
and Emmanuel Lamur.

"When he starts the game and comes out, it affects everything," Guenther said.
"It affects me, it affects the unit, it affects the linebacking crew. So yes,
I'm trying to do the best I can with him.

"But sometimes it's like telling a dog not to eat red meat," Guenther added.
"He's got to do it."

Guenther, who was the Bengals' linebackers coach the previous two seasons, has
been working with Burfict on his technique since the linebacker signed as an
undrafted college free agent in 2012.

"I talked to him as his position coach way before all this happened," Guenther
said. "It does us no good with him sitting on the sideline after five snaps. It
does us more harm than good. So he's got to learn to do it for him and for the
team and for everyone involved.

"It's not the easiest thing, I'll tell you that," Guenther added. "It isn't
easy, but he's got to understand the ramifications of it."

They were brightly on display in the first game against Baltimore in the season
opener.

With Burfict in the game for the first 29 minutes and 44 seconds, the Bengals
allowed the Ravens 70 yards on 24 plays. Then Burfict lowered his head while
hitting Baltimore quarterback Joe Flacco and suffered a concussion.

With Burfict out of the game for the final 31:16, the Ravens gained 353 yards on
61 plays.

There have been similar splits in the other games Burfict has missed or left
early, and while Guenther wants to see that stop, he stopped short of blaming
Burfict's injuries - or anyone else's

- for the problems that caused his defense to fall to a No. 31 ranking.

"I don't ever want to use that we have guys hurt as an excuse," he said. "We go
play. I've always preached that, even when I coached linebackers. When somebody
goes down, the next guy goes in and he's got to know what to do. Point blank."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              May 15, 1989, Monday

LOW WATER AGAIN MENACES MISSISSIPPI COAL BARGING

BYLINE: TIM SANSBURY; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: ENERGY, Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 425 words


Low water levels on a portion of the Mississippi River threaten to disrupt some
domestic coal barging traffic again this year, according to the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers.

The portion of the river being watched carefully by the Army Corp is from t.
Louis south to Cairo, Ill., said corps spokesman Clyde Wilkes in St. Louis.

Mr. Wilkes said a measurement of the river taken May 1 near St. Louis showed the
water level to be 13 feet below normal, or about three feet lower than at the
same time last year when widespread drought conditions played havoc with coal
barging on the U.S. inland waterway system.

A problem on the St. Louis to Cairo segment would affect primarily Western
states' coal transported on the Mississippi and coal bound for Illinois and
Missouri utilities.

It would not affect Appalachian coal carried on the Ohio River to the
Mississippi and bound for export terminals near New Orleans, nor would it affect
coal from mines in western Kentucky, southern Indiana and southern Illinois
carried down the Ohio to the Mississippi.

"If we don't get considerably more than normal precipitation, we're going to be
in as much or more trouble than we were last year," commented Mr. Wilkes about
the St. Louis to Cairo stretch.

He noted that the weather forecast for the region for the next 90 days calls for
less than normal rainfall.

* * * *

A request for information sent by Britain's national utility, the Central
Electricity Generating Board, to U.S. coal producers is not a tender but a
"general inquiry," said JamesWharton, the utility's coal services manager.

Mr. Wharton said the inquiry was sent to about a dozen U.S. producers and that
it requests information by the middle of this month about coal quality,
transportation routes and price.

He added that the inquiry was sent to producers with which the CEGB has
established relationships through their interest in past tenders.

Mr. Wharton explained that once the national utility is privatized and split
into two competing electricity generating companies in January, U.K. steam coal
imports from the United States are likely to rise above the 500,000 tons to
600,000 tons purchased this year and last.

The Central Electricity Generating Board consumed a total of about 80 million
tons of steam coal in 1988, the vast majority supplied from U.K. mines.

Mr. Wharton said the information gleaned from the inquiry will help the two
generating companies "sort out what (U.S. coal) is available without everybody
tripping over one another."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COAL MARKET

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Dockworkers' dispute puts Midwest shippers on hold

BYLINE: TOM MEERSMAN; KAVITA KUMAR; STAFF WRITERS, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1225 words



HIGHLIGHT: West Coast slowdown adds to rail and barge shipping woes for
producers, retailers.


A simmering labor dispute at major West Coast ports has slowed exports and
imports dramatically in the past few weeks, rattling Midwest grain shippers,
further slowing rail traffic and causing large retailers to work around the
system to ensure ample consumer goods for holiday shopping.

The labor dispute pits the 20,000-member International Longshore and Warehouse
Union against the Pacific Maritime Association, which represents terminal
operators and shipping carriers. The union works at 29 West Coast ports from
Bellingham, Wash., to San Diego and has been working without a contract since
July 1.

That wasn't a problem until early November, when the association accused the
union of a series of work slowdowns in Seattle, Tacoma and Oakland. The union
denies a work slowdown, and said the congestion is the result of numerous
operational problems.

"This is serious, and it's frustrating," said Bob Sinner, president of SB&B
Inc., of Casselton, N.D.

Sinner's family business ships about 240 containers of high-quality soybeans by
rail each month from St. Paul to the Pacific Northwest. Last month he could not
send any containers to those ports because, he said, they were in virtual
gridlock. Some containers were routed longer distances through Canadian ports,
he said, and the rest are still waiting.

"Do I sound like I'm angry?" Sinner said. "Darned right I'm angry."

The dispute affects any cargo that needs to be shipped in containers, including
fruit, vegetables, wine, beef and pork, high-protein distillers dried feed grain
from ethanol plants, and specialty soybeans. It does not affect bulk vessels
that ship Midwest corn and soybeans for animal feed abroad.

It also affects imports, and vessels brimming with 10,000 containers each are
anchored in Seattle's Elliott Bay, Tacoma's Commencement Bay and off California
ports, waiting for berths so their cargoes can be off-loaded and transferred to
trucks and railroads.

Aram Rubinson, an analyst with Wolfe Research, said that holiday merchandise
shouldn't be affected by the port delays since retailers in Minnesota and
elsewhere began preparing for this issue months ago. But, he said in a recent
research note, continued delays could affect inventories in early 2015.

Because of the worsening congestion, BNSF Railway Co. on Nov. 20 halted all
shipments from St. Paul of empty railcars bound for Seattle or Tacoma that would
pick up containers from ships. It also declared similar restrictions at its
container facilities in the Chicago area, Omaha and Denver until further notice.

"The reduction in labor productivity at the Pacific Northwest marine terminals
continues to impact BNSF's normal service to and from the ports in Seattle and
Tacoma," spokeswoman Amy McBeth said in a statement.

Bruce Abbe, executive director of the Midwest Shippers Association, said a
similar stalemate between the union and maritime association in 2002 led to a
lockout that cost the U.S. economy billions of dollars.

"Our exporters are losing sales right now," said Abbe, whose association works
with exporters and shippers, including 25 firms in the region involved in
specialty soybean businesses. "This could hit the millions if not the billions
of dollars out of the Midwest if you look at how many of our exports are being
held up at this point," he said.

The Midwest Shippers Association was one of more than 60 groups that signed a
letter to President Obama two weeks ago, calling on him to bring in a federal
mediator or use other means to help resolve the contract negotiations and avoid
a complete shutdown.

"The current disruption at the ports has already caused millions of dollars in
economic injury at precisely the busiest time for agriculture exports," they
said. If products cannot be delivered on time, they said, foreign customers will
turn to Brazil, Australia, Chile or Argentina.

A White House spokesman said the president is monitoring the situation, but
isn't planning to force a resolution.

Sinner's company produces and ships food-grade soybeans to 15 countries,
including firms in Japan, Korea and Taiwan that process them into tofu, soy
sauce, soy milk and other products.

"These are cleaned, sized, packaged for customer specification and loaded with
traceable information on every single package because they're going directly
into the [human] food business," he said. They are not genetically modified
soybeans, in keeping with customer requirements.

The bags are loaded into shipping containers that are 8 feet wide, 8 feet tall
and 20 feet long.

They are sealed at the time of loading, and not opened until they reach their
final destination. Many of those customers depend on reliable shipments for
"just in time" delivery, said Sinner, and will charge extra fees if soybeans are
late, or cancel contracts altogether and switch their business to a different
supplier.

Sam Ziegler, director of marketing for the Minnesota Soybean Growers
Association, said the West Coast slowdown affects about 5 percent of the state's
soybeans - 15 million bushels - that are a high-value export because of their
uses for human food. It also threatens to affect the Midwest meat industry, he
said, which sends beef and pork in refrigerated containers to Asian markets.

Delays at the ports are further compounding a troublesome year for grain
transportation, Ziegler said, which included rail congestion for much of the
year because of heavy demand for coal, consumer goods and oil shipments along
the northern corridor, and a barge shipping season on the Mississippi River that
started two weeks late and ended one week early because of unseasonably cold
weather.

Retailers have been preparing for months for the slowdown, with many bringing in
more inventory than normal in recent months to help blunt the blow during the
crucial holiday season. The National Retail Federation said imported cargo
volume to the nation's major ports reached record levels in September and
October as retailers rushed to bring in merchandise ahead of a possible West
Coast port shutdown. But the trade group said it expected the import volume to
slow down in November.

Minneapolis-based Target Corp. told investors last month that it had more
inventory on hand than it did at the same time last year in part to mitigate the
impact of the West Coast port slowdown.

Molly Snyder, a Target spokeswoman, said this week that the retailer has also
been diverting cargo to alternative ports in the U.S. as necessary. In addition,
Target has been working to get shipments from the ports to fulfillment centers
and stores more quickly through a number of ways. For example, it is using air
freight to move key seasonal and advertised items once they make it through the
ports. And it is also working with additional trucking companies to help move
other products from the ports, she said.

"As we are now in the midst of the busy holiday season, it remains our hope that
all of the parties involved can arrive at a mutually agreeable solution soon,"
Snyder said in an e-mail.

Richfield-based Best Buy has called out a "potential supply chain disruption"
related to the West Coast port delays as one of the factors that could put
pressure on the company in the fourth quarter. But executives also noted that
they ramped up their inventory purchases in anticipation of those delays.

Tom Meersman · 612-673-7388

Kavita Kumar · 612-673-4113

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

City officials express little desire for fracking

BYLINE: Greg Larry, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


Jan. 30--CUMBERLAND -- Cumberland Mayor Brian Grim and members of the City
Council are expressing little enthusiasm for the idea of hydraulic fracturing in
the Cumberland area.

Several anti-fracking activists attended the January City Council meeting and
encouraged members to oppose the activity in Cumberland and in Maryland.

Mayor Brian Grim said in a Times-News interview on Friday the council has taken
no official position on fracking at this point.

"Right now, I would characterize this as solely my position," said Grim. "I'm
not a supporter of fracking with the all the implications for the water and the
safety factors. I'm not saying in the future it couldn't be improved. but I'm
not convinced at this stage."

Grim said the activists hoped the city would support legislation to ban
fracking.

"I don't think it is a city matter," said Grim. "There is really no frackable
land in Cumberland. There other things we are charged with paying attention to.
That is not to say it is not a major issue, at some point it could impact the
area. At this point, I don't think it would qualify for an executive session."

Currently a moratorium exists in Maryland preventing fracking. The Maryland
General Assembly may vote to extend the moratorium at some point during the
current legislative session.

"I prefer we wait to hear from the (general) assembly," said Grim. "They may
resolve the issue."

Councilman Seth Bernard also opposes fracking. He said the subterranean shale
formations are being exploited in other states like Pennsylvania and West
Virginia and he doesn't see the benefit.

"Personally speaking, I am against fracking," said Bernard. "While it doesn't
necessarily affect us today, it doesn't mean it won't affect us in the future.
Cumberland sits on the edge of the Utica shale (formation), while Maryland is
not looking at the Utica now, there are other places in the country that are
exploring the Utica. But the issue is the Marcellus shale (formation) now (and)
it could affect west of us and in Garrett County if the moratorium is lifted.

"If fracking were to take place in Allegany County ... just west in Frostburg
... that water runs down into Cumberland. It is still water that affects the
Potomac River. If we are serious about developing the waterfront at Canal Place,
that could affect tourism and city residents."

Bernard said he doesn't see the need for an ordinance at this point but didn't
close the door to the idea.

"I don't think that is necessary," he said. "We could say the city of Cumberland
will not sell water to fracking companies. That could be possible. I'm going
back and forth; do we sit and wait to see what the future holds, or do we lead
by example, like Frostburg and Friendsville, that this isn't acceptable."

Councilman Eugene Frazier also opposes the process.

"I'm against fracking," said Frazier. "It doesn't bring the jobs they think and
I worry about what it's doing to our environment. If they mess up our water
supply that would be very bad. Some things are more important than money.

"I'd personally like to see an ordinance or a resolution. It would be better
than nothing. Maybe a ban on the sale of our water to use for fracking," he
said.

Councilman Rock Cioni echoed the other officials. He is concerned about
Cumberland's water supply that is located in Bedford County, Pennsylvania.

"The first thing I think about is the water supply in Pennsylvania," said Cioni.
"How close are they in Bedford County to the water supply? What mineral rights
to do we have there? In general, I'm against fracking. What is really available
in that shale? Would it make the risk worthwhile? I don't think I'd be for it."

Cioni questions the number of jobs it would create. He fears the jobs would be
mainly for out-of-area specialists.

"Who really is hired? Maybe a few truck drivers and maintenance people. I'm
suspicious of companies doing this. Why don't they want to say what the
chemicals are they use? I just don't see that many jobs. Why take the risk?"

Efforts to reach Councilman Dave Caporale for comment were unsuccessful.

Follow staff writer Greg Larry on Twitter @GregLarryCTN.

___ (c)2017 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170130-UM-City-officials-express-little-desire-for-fracking-0130-20170130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2017 Cumberland Times-News


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 20, 2004, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Monday's trades

BYLINE: Peter Barzilai

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 263 words

Mets-Orioles

New York Mets receive . . .

* RHP Mike DeJean

Baltimore Orioles receive . . .

* OF Karim Garcia

* How it affects the Mets: DeJean has the potential to be a boost for the
bullpen. Although his numbers this season are ugly, he has pitched better of
late, allowing two runs in 7 innings this month. He's also a former closer,
registering 19 saves last year for the Milwaukee Brewers and St. Louis
Cardinals. "Mike will bring experience and depth to our bullpen," Mets general
manager Jim Duquette said. "He has had success in the National League and has
the savvy of pitching well in close games."

 * How it affects the Orioles: Not much. Garcia, who was activated from the
disabled list July 9 after missing 21/2 weeks with tendinitis in his left wrist,
should be buried deep on the bench or traded to a contender looking for a
left-handed bat.


Padres-Mariners

San Diego Padres receive . . .

* SS Rich Aurilia

Seattle Mariners receive . . .

* A player to be named or cash

* How it affects the Padres: Aurilia, who signed with the Mariners in January as
a free agent, returns to the National League. He spent nine years with the
Giants. The 32-year-old will provide infield depth, backing up shortstop Khalil
Greene, a rookie of the year candidate, and playing second and third base. An
All-Star from 1999-2001, Aurilia also could be a key pinch-hitter.

 * How it affects the Mariners: The rebuilding continues. The team had
designated Aurilia for assignment July 10. He certainly won't be the last to go
in the coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2011 Friday

Proposed reduction of planes won't affect Pease

BYLINE: Scott E. Kinney, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 576 words


Sept. 23--PORTSMOUTH--The 157th Aerial Refueling Wing will not be among the
those affected by a proposed reduction in the number of airlift planes needed to
meet strategic requirements.

U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) drafted an amendment to the Senate version of
the Fiscal Year 2012 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that would allow
the Air Force to reduce the number of strategic airlift aircraft that Congress
requires the Air Force to maintain.

Current federal law sets the Air Force's minimum number of strategic airlift
aircraft at 316, but officials say only approximately 300 aircraft are needed to
meet strategic airlift capacity requirements. The Defense Department and the Air
Force support the removal of the 316 minimum for the inventory, consistent with
the President's fiscal year 2012 budget request. Senator Ayotte plans to
introduce the amendment when NDAA is considered on the Senate floor.

Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, met with General
Raymond Johns, Commander of the U.S. Air Force Air Mobility Command (AMC), on
Tuesday to discuss Air Force airlift and aerial refueling issues. During the
meeting, Senator Ayotte reiterated her call to allow the Air Force to reduce its
strategic airlift aircraft inventory, an action that could save as much as $1.2
billion in taxpayer dollars in the next few years.

"Congress needs to stop forcing the Pentagon to maintain aircraft that our
warfighters say they don't need. Reducing the aircraft floor is a commonsense
step that would save taxpayers millions of dollars while ensuring that our
military continues to meet strategic airlift requirements," said Senator Ayotte.

During a July 13 Senate Armed Services Seapower Subcommittee hearing held in
response to Senator Ayotte's amendment, Christine Fox, Director of Cost
Assessment and Program Evaluation in the Office of Secretary of Defense, General
Duncan McNabb, Commander of U.S. Transportation Command, and General Raymond
Johns, Commander of Air Mobility Command, testified that reducing the number to
around 300 aircraft would allow the Air Force to meet airlift requirements while
saving over $1.2 billion and not increasing operational risk.

According to a representative with Ayotte's office, if the number was reduced
those removed from service would be the oldest version of the C-5 aircraft, the
C-5A. The retired C-5A's could come from bases in San Antonio, Texas;
Martinsburg, W.Va.; and Memphis, Tenn. At one of these three bases, the C-5As
would be replaced by C-17s.

During the Tuesday meeting, Senator Ayotte also discussed the important role of
New Hampshire's 157th Aerial Refueling Wing, based at Pease Air National Guard
base in Portsmouth. While the new KC-46A tankers are not scheduled to be fielded
before the 2016-2017 time frame, the Air Force is currently developing the
basing criteria that will determine where the new tankers are stationed.

"Based on Pease's proximity to refueling tracks, as well as the 157th Aerial
Refueling Wing's aircraft utilization rates and its active duty association,
Pease is well positioned to receive the new tanker if the process is conducted
in an objective and transparent manner," said Senator Ayotte.

The basing criteria for the KC-46A would be approved at the earliest in the
spring of 2012.

___ (c)2011 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110923-1FD-Proposed-reduction-of-planes-won-t-affect
-Pease-0923-20110923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2011 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2011 Friday

Proposed reduction of planes won't affect Pease

BYLINE: Scott E. Kinney, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


Sept. 23--PORTSMOUTH--The 157th Aerial Refueling Wing will not be among the
those affected by a proposed reduction in the number of airlift and refueling
planes needed to meet strategic requirements.

U.S. Senator Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) drafted an amendment to the Senate version of
the Fiscal Year 2012 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) that would allow
the Air Force to reduce the number of strategic airlift aircraft that Congress
requires the Air Force to maintain.

Current federal law sets the Air Force's minimum number of strategic airlift
aircraft at 316, but officials say only approximately 300 aircraft are needed to
meet strategic airlift capacity requirements. The Defense Department and the Air
Force support the removal of the 316 minimum for the inventory, consistent with
the President's fiscal year 2012 budget request. Senator Ayotte plans to
introduce the amendment when NDAA is considered on the Senate floor.

Ayotte, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, met with General
Raymond Johns, Commander of the U.S. Air Force Air Mobility Command (AMC), on
Tuesday to discuss Air Force airlift and aerial refueling issues. During the
meeting, Senator Ayotte reiterated her call to allow the Air Force to reduce its
strategic airlift aircraft inventory, an action that could save as much as $1.2
billion in taxpayer dollars in the next few years.

"Congress needs to stop forcing the Pentagon to maintain aircraft that our
warfighters say they don't need. Reducing the aircraft floor is a commonsense
step that would save taxpayers millions of dollars while ensuring that our
military continues to meet strategic airlift requirements," said Senator Ayotte.

During a July 13 Senate Armed Services Seapower Subcommittee hearing held in
response to Senator Ayotte's amendment, Christine Fox, Director of Cost
Assessment and Program Evaluation in the Office of Secretary of Defense, General
Duncan McNabb, Commander of U.S. Transportation Command, and General Raymond
Johns, Commander of Air Mobility Command, testified that reducing the number to
around 300 aircraft would allow the Air Force to meet airlift requirements while
saving over $1.2 billion and not increasing operational risk.

According to a representative with Ayotte's office, if the number was reduced
those removed from service would be the oldest version of the C-5 aircraft, the
C-5A. The retired C-5A's could come from bases in San Antonio, Texas;
Martinsburg, W.Va.; and Memphis, Tenn. At one of these three bases, the C-5As
would be replaced by C-17s.

During the Tuesday meeting, Senator Ayotte also discussed the important role of
New Hampshire's 157th Aerial Refueling Wing, based at Pease Air National Guard
base in Portsmouth. While the new KC-46A tankers are not scheduled to be fielded
before the 2016-2017 time frame, the Air Force is currently developing the
basing criteria that will determine where the new tankers are stationed.

"Based on Pease's proximity to refueling tracks, as well as the 157th Aerial
Refueling Wing's aircraft utilization rates and its active duty association,
Pease is well positioned to receive the new tanker if the process is conducted
in an objective and transparent manner," said Senator Ayotte.

The basing criteria for the KC-46A would be approved at the earliest in the
spring of 2012.

___ (c)2011 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110923-1FD-Proposed-reduction-of-planes-won-t-affect
-Pease-0923-20110923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2011 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday

NUWC's loss of contract authority could affect local defense firms

BYLINE: Jennifer McDermott, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 924 words


April 28--After waiting six months for Congress to agree on this year's federal
budget, local companies thought defense dollars would finally begin flowing back
into the area.

Even with the budget in place, their wait may be longer because of the Navy's
decision to take away the authority of the Naval Undersea Warfare Center in
Newport, R.I., to issue both new contracts and delivery orders on existing ones.

Most contractors could deal with a few weeks' delay, said Gary Bennett, who ran
the former Analysis & Technology Inc. in North Stonington, but a longer holdup
could mean employers may have to delay hiring new staff or even lay people off.

On Friday, the Navy suspended the contracting authority of NUWC in the wake of a
kickback scheme allegedly involving a senior systems engineer at the warfare
center accepting bribes from millions in funds from Navy contracts.

The contracts that would have gone through the warfare center now have the extra
step of review at the Naval Sea Systems Command in Washington, D.C., which some
fear will cause delays in funding allocations.

The timing is terrible, Bennett said Wednesday, because some companies are
already operating at thin margins because it took so long to pass a federal
budget. These companies are "going to be faced with some tight times," said
Bennett, who in 1999 sold his engineering services company, which employed 1,700
people, and worked extensively with NUWC.

Bennett said it's a shame that the actions of a few "now affect the whole
contracting community."

U.S. Rep. Joe Courtney, D-2nd District, called the suspension "appropriate but
infuriating at the same time" since there were many projects that would have
moved quickly with the budget's passage.

"Any spillover to companies that play by the rules is just so unfair and
unfortunate," Courtney said. "But we're certainly going to stay in close contact
with NAVSEA to ensure that the disruption is minimized to the greatest extent
possible."

Local contractors will inevitably have to wait to receive funding that some may
have expected six months ago, since the "contracting activity moved to a
Washington office, staffed for Washington contracts," said John Markowicz, a
former president of Sonalysts Inc. and now executive director of the
Southeastern Connecticut Enterprise Region.

Several companies with contracts through NUWC said Wednesday they were closely
following developments but did not expect major disruptions.

Electric Boat in Groton has contracts with NUWC, primarily for research and
development. Company spokesman Robert Hamilton said that because the contracting
office at NUWC remains operational, with final review and approval coming from
NAVSEA, "we don't expect any impact on those contracts."

Yardney Technical Products Inc. had not yet heard anything from NUWC about the
suspension, but Kris Johanessen, director of business development, said he
believed it would "have little impact on our day-to-day business." Yardney's
contracts through the center, he said, are "not by any means the majority of our
backorders."

The Pawcatuck-based company is working on a battery for a lightweight torpedo in
development at NUWC.

Jane Goldsmith, corporate spokeswoman for Sonalysts Inc., said funding may come
through more slowly but the company does not expect a large impact. Sonalysts,
headquartered in Waterford, provides analysis of submarine sonar systems and a
variety of airborne, surface, subsurface and land-based naval systems.

The warfare center is a command within NAVSEA responsible for submarine warfare
systems. This is the first time NAVSEA has suspended the contracting authority
of a command, according to the Navy.

It did so because of failures to "sufficiently describe work ordered,
effectively account for work ordered and received, and to provide proper
surveillance and oversight of that work," a Navy statement said. To regain its
authority, the warfare center must present a detailed plan addressing the issues
that led to the suspension.

Joe Marino, president of Rite-Solutions, an information technology company with
an office in Pawcatuck that has worked with NUWC, said, "There are still a lot
of things up in the air. And we're still trying to get our arms around what the
impact is."

Anjan Dutta-Gupta, 58, founder and president of Advanced Solutions for Tomorrow,
is expected to plead guilty today in U.S. District Court in Providence to paying
bribes to Ralph Mariano, a civilian program manager and senior systems engineer
at NUWC, and to others, according to U.S. Attorney Peter F. Neronha. Advanced
Solutions for Tomorrow had offices in Middletown, R.I., and Georgia.

According to court documents, Dutta-Gupta's company paid Mariano, Mariano's
family and others at least $8 million from 1996 to 2011, largely through
subcontractors. In addition, at least $1.2 million was funneled to a corporation
Dutta-Gupta owned, the documents say.

In exchange for the kickbacks, Mariano made sure that millions of dollars in
additional funds were added to the contracts, the documents state. Mariano, 52,
of Arlington, Va., has been charged with participating in the alleged kickback
scheme and is awaiting trial. He remains free on a $50,000 bond.

j.mcdermott@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110428-NL-NUWC-s-loss-of-contract-authority-could-affect
-local-defense-firms-0428-20110428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday

Christmas tree growers say dry fall did not affect their trees

BYLINE: Linda Vanderwerf, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 656 words


Dec. 03--LITCHFIELD -- It's the smell and the experience that have brought
Michele Miller and Matt Foley of Litchfield back to Turck's Tree Farm each
Christmas for the past few years.

Each year, one of them will spot the right tree right away as they drive through
the farm operated by Steve and Joan Turck.

Miller and Foley always cut down that first tree they pick to decorate their
home, she said.

The two were bundled against temperatures hovering around freezing and a brisk
wind from the south as they cut down the tree. "We always get a balsam," she
said, and the aroma from the fresh-cut tree spread through the air.

It will never be an artificial tree for them, she said. "These look better,"
Foley said.

"I think you have to have a real tree," Miller added. "We always had one growing
up."

And nothing can replace the experience of going to a tree farm, Miller said.

It's family traditions like theirs that keep people coming back year after year
to cut their own Christmas trees at farms like the one owned by the Turcks.

In addition to growing more than 70,000 trees on their farm, the Turcks' operate
a gift shop and let their guests visit full-grown reindeer and wild turkeys on
the farm.

They also offer hay rides through the trees.

Steve Turck and Ron Iverson of Iverson Tree Farm of Belview said they saw
excellent growing seasons this year. The dry fall shouldn't affect them, they
said.

Iverson said trees are usually done growing for the year by mid-summer, so a dry
fall wouldn't affect them. His tree farm is located south of Sacred Heart and
has about 50,000 trees.

Turck's, northeast of Litchfield, also was unaffected by a dry fall. The farm
had so much rain last summer that he was still getting stuck in the fields into
September, Steve Turck said.

The Associated Press last week reported that thousands of trees have died
throughout Texas and Oklahoma. Some died of thirst, others due to wildfires.
Most planters, the AP reported, planned to ship in trees from North Carolina.

Jan Dolenson, the executive director of the Minnesota Christmas Tree
Association, empathized, saying that would be "double whammy" for growers
because they not only lose this year's and future crops, but they then have to
pay to supplement what they do have.

The growers said it takes 8 to 10 years to grow a sapling into a proper
Christmas tree. Along with fighting weeds and insects, the farmers trim each
tree into shape each year.

Both farms opened right after Thanksgiving and will stay open through the third
weekend of December. After that, both of them will leave some cut and baled
trees out for latecomers who will pay for the trees on the honor system. Steve
Turck said they've even seen people come to get a tree on Christmas Eve while
their own family celebration is going on inside the house.

Many tree farms offer hayrides and other amenities for families that come to cut
their own trees.

The Turcks offer free cider and cookies in their gift shop and sell gifts and
treats along with wreaths and garlands. Joan Turck said no two of her wreaths
are alike, unless someone orders them to match. She has made trees up to seven
feet across.

Joan Turck said she enjoys seeing "the same wonderful customers" each year.

"I love Christmas," she said. "Christmas is a fun time of the year, even though
there's a lot to get ready."

The tree farms sell their trees at retail lots and to wholesalers, too, and they
have other businesses.

The Turcks also have a dog boarding business on their farm.

Iverson said he has been busy recently selling trees to transplant. He has been
transplanting trees to help farmers restore groves that were destroyed by storms
last summer.

The Bemidji Pioneer contributed to this story. Both the Pioneer and the West
Central Tribune are owned by Forum Communications Co.

___ (c)2011 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111203-YM-Christmas-tree-growers-say-dry-fall-did-not-affect
-their-trees-20111203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2011 West Central Tribune


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 7, 2012 Tuesday

Too early to tell how Memphis' move to Big East will affect UTEP

BYLINE: Bret Bloomquist, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


Feb. 07--With numerous published reports confirming that Memphis is close to
joining the Big East for the 2013 football season, UTEP athletic director Bob
Stull said it's too early to know what the impact will be on the Miners.

Conference USA, which is now on track to have eight teams by fall of 2013, has
announced plans to merge its football teams with the Mountain West, which
currently has eight football programs (seven schools in all other sports). Stull
said the leagues are discussing a merger in all sports.

UTEP has widely been assumed to be a leading candidate to relocate to a Western
division with the Mountain West schools such as New Mexico, and Stull said
Memphis' defection would likely not impact this.

"A bunch of people want to join the conference on both sides," he said. "Once a
commitment is made on both sides, then we'll meet to discuss who goes where, how
it will be set up, etcetera etcetera.

"I don't think any one team leaving is going to affect anybody."

There is no official timeline to formally announce a merger of the Mountain West
and C-USA in all sports, as membership is too fluid at the moment, but Stull
said it could come this summer.

As for adding teams, the Mountain West shares a geographic footprint with the
WAC and C-USA with the Sun

Belt.

Bret Bloomquist may be reached at bbloomquist@elpasotimes.com; 546-6359.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120207-EY-Too-early-to-tell-how-Memphis-move-to-Big-East-will-affect
-UTEP-0207-20120207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 17, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Wednesday's trades

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 485 words

New York Yankees receive . . .

* RHP Armando Benitez, 30

New York Mets receive . . .

* RHP Jason Anderson, 24

* RHP Anderson Garcia, 22

(at Class A Battle Creek, Mich.)

 * RHP Ryan Bicondoa, 24

(at Class A Tampa)

How it affects the Yankees: The Yankees, in danger of losing the division title
they have held since 1998, shored up their weakest link -- the bullpen. But it
doesn't come without a gamble. Benitez's fastball is as good as ever, but he
still has to prove that he can pitch in meaningful situations in big games and
adjust to the expectations that go with playing for the Yankees. The Yankees'
bullpen has been one of the strengths in their championship runs, but this
season, the team has had problems with injuries, most notably Steve Karsay, and
free agents leaving. Benitez will set up closer Mariano Rivera.


How it affects the Mets: The Mets continue their fire sale, after their
high-priced attempt at winning the division failed miserably. After getting rid
of Roberto Alomar and Jeromy Burnitz, and now Benitez, who saves the team $ 2.7
million this season, the Mets are doing the right thing for their organization:
getting young as quickly as possible. These high-quality prospects are just
beginning their careers and will likely need three to four years to reach the
majors.


Minnesota Twins receive . . .

* OF Shannon Stewart, 29

Toronto Blue Jays receive . . .

* OF Bobby Kielty, 26

 * Player to be named

How it affects the Blue Jays: The Blue Jays, who couldn't afford to re-sign
Stewart when he becomes a free agent after the season, like Kielty because of
his switch-hitting, versatility and his high on-base percentage. Stewart's
departure also allows rookie Reed Johnson to get more playing time. Kielty will
DH and join the outfield mix that has Johnson, All-Star Vernon Wells and Frank
Catalanotto. Catalanotto will likely be the new leadoff batter and Kielty will
bat in the middle of the order, behind Wells and 1B Carlos Delgado. The Blue
Jays are also looking for more pitching to support Cy Young candidate Roy
Halladay.

How it affects the Twins: The Twins limped to the All-Star break losing 22 of 28
and needed a shakeup. Perhaps Stewart will jolt the offense that has nine runs
in its past five games. Stewart will bat leadoff and play right field, a
position that has been a platoon position for the Twins. That means Jacque Jones
will move into the middle of the order. The Twins have always liked Stewart and
tried to trade for him in 2001. Stewart, who had 51 steals in 1998 for the Blue
Jays, had his best season in 2000, when he hit .319 with 21 home runs, 107 runs
scored, 20 steals and 69 RBI. The Twins can't afford Stewart long term, but they
need to do something to get back into the AL Central race. If the Twins'
rotation can kick into gear, getting Stewart will be huge.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 3, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Fairer to Tax Sale of All Fuels, Not Just Oil

SECTION: Section 4; Page 20, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 250 words


To the Editor:


''Make OPEC Pay Our Debt'' (editorial, Feb. 1) offered three tempting reasons
for a stiff tax on imported oil: to get even with OPEC for manipulating
petroleum prices; to discourage wasteful use of an important natural resource,
and a new source of revenue.

But a tax on imported oil would be inequitable because dependence on oil varies
so widely. Although oil provides for about 43 percent of total U.S. energy
needs, the range is from less than one-third in Louisiana to more than
two-thirds in Massachusetts.

Oil provides 10 percent of home energy nationally, ranging from 1 percent in
Louisiana to 36 percent in Connecticut. Whether total or residential use is
looked at, the Northeast is hurt.

Because the fuel market is highly competitive, anything that affects the price
of one fuel affects all. When a tax affects one fuel (oil) and the prices of
other fuels (natural gas, coal) also rise, sellers of the other fuels gain
''excess'' profit - another inequity.

And taxing imported oil would cause users to switch to other fuels, reducing
possible Federal revenues.

There is a better way to conserve energy and raise revenue than an import tax: a
small tax on the energy (B.T.U.) content of

all

 fuels sold in the U.S., regardless of type or source. Such a tax would be easy
to collect, would apply equitably to all fuel use and would produce relatively
high tax revenue.

WILLIAM B. ELLIS Chairman, Northeast Utilities Hartford, Feb. 11, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Rating Agencies: Partial Wright Repeal No Major Threat

                           October 9, 1997, Thursday

By Angela Shah



Despite the handwringing of several Texas lawmakers, rating agency officials
said yesterday that expanded flights from Dallas' Love Field won't harm $1.8
billion in outstanding Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport bonds.

"This won't affect the debt because it won't affect the pricing mechanism in
place to pay off the bonds," said Andrea Bozzo, a managing director at Fitch
Investors Service.

Her comments came after House and Senate negotiators late Tuesday approved a
partial repeal of the Wright Amendment, a series of restrictions on long-haul
flights out of Love Field, to allow direct flights to sites in Kansas, Alabama,
and Mississippi. The law, named after former House Speaker Jim Wright of Texas,
was passed in 1979 to ensure business for nearby D/FW Airport.

In doing so, lawmakers approved a compromise $42 billion transportation spending
plan that boosts highway funding by 20%. The appropriations measure had been
stalled while negotiators debated the Wright Amendment.

In a related issue, Senate members were debating a three-month extension of the
Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act as of presstime yesterday but
had not acted on the bill. House lawmakers have already approved a six-month
extension of ISTEA at current spending levels.

The conference committee's debate over the Wright amendment came after Alabama
Sen. Richard Shelby, chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee's
subcommittee on transportation, had proposed changing the agreement.

His plan triggered warnings over the last week by members of the Texas
congressional delegation that any repeal of flight restrictions from Love Field
would adversely affect D/FW's outstanding debt. At a Tuesday breakfast with
reporters, Republican Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison expressed her concerns over the
airport's bonds.

Hutchison's comments follow a Sept. 12 letter written by other Texas lawmakers,
including House majority leader Dick Armey, urging their colleagues not to
approve any change to the Wright Amendment, in part, because it could "threaten
billions of dollars invested in D/FW Airport by bondholders, the cities, the
airlines, and others in reliance of the agreement between the cities." Others
signing the letter include Reps. Kay Granger, a fellow Republican, and two
Democrats Reps. Martin Frost and Eddie Bernice Johnson.

But credit analysts yesterday said legislators' worries are largely unfounded.

Bozzo said doing away with the Wright Amendment could "theoretically" affect
D/FW's ability to pay off debt if flights are significantly diverted to Love
Field and cause revenue shortfalls.

"But it's a magnitude issue. Love Field is a tiny place," Bozzo said. "I can't
imagine that Love Field has the capacity to severely affect traffic out of
D/FW."

Adam Whiteman, a managing director at Moody's Investors Service, said the
short-term bondholders of D/FW debt shouldn't be concerned because the
newly-authorized states "aren't necessarily major air markets."

But the committee's action "does leave open the possibility that once you have
tinkered with the Wright Amendment - which many view as the Holy Grail - you
could tinker with it again," Whiteman added.

Airport officials wouldn't comment on the credit analysts' belief that D/FW debt
would not be affected. "It's not a positive for D/FW. We're not pleased" with
the action, said Kevin Cox, an airport spokesman.

"I don't think our legislators here are ready to give up on this issue either,"
despite the agreement reached Tuesday, said Walter Holloway, a director at
Walton, Johnson & Co. in Dallas, and financial adviser to the airport. Copyright
c 1997 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved. http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 620 words

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             July 26, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

The WRIGHT stuff;
Proposed airline changes raise fears

BYLINE: Julie Bisbee, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 826 words


The fight over how Southwest Airlines can do business in Texas has some Oklahoma
officials concerned that it could mean changes in air service in the Sooner
State.

Two Texas congressmen have filed a bill that would end the Wright amendment, a
25 year-old law that limits Southwest flights from Love Field in Dallas. The
low-cost carrier only can fly directly to seven surrounding states from the
airport in central Dallas. A flurry of bills followed the Texas bill, including
one that would add 42 other states to the list of places Southwest can fly to
from Love Field.

The prospect of changing where Southwest can fly, and how it might affect
American Airlines' hub at Dallas-Fort Worth, prompted Sen. Jim Inhofe, R-Tulsa,
to file legislation to end commercial traffic to Love Field in three years.

"We have estimated that this (repealing the Wright amendment) would be
detrimental in service loss to Oklahoma City," Inhofe said. "By our estimates,
the airport would lose four to five flights."

Inhofe's bill was followed by a bill to shut down the Tulsa International
Airport filed by the same Texas congressman who sought to repeal the Wright
amendment.

"It's a very complicated situation," said Mary Smith, Tulsa airport spokeswoman.
"It doesn't just affect Tulsa, it affects a lot of commercial airports. That
needs to be brought to the forefront when this ball is going back and forth
between Texas and Oklahoma."

If the Wright amendment is repealed, changes in service are at least a year off,
Southwest spokeswoman Beth Harbin said.

Under the Wright amendment, Southwest also is prohibited from advertising
flights offered at Dallas Love Field outside a seven state area that includes
Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and New Mexico.

"What that means for the region is that it has a flat tire," Harbin said. "What
we'd like to do is optimize our facility at Love Field so we can support the
entire region with a greater variety of low-fare destinations."

Airline schedules are fluid and based on demand. Earlier this year in Oklahoma
City, Southwest dropped two flights to Dallas and one to Kansas City while
adding a flight to St. Louis. Gauging how the repeal of the Wright amendment
could affect service is difficult.

"The decision is in Southwest's hands," said Luther Trent, director of airports
for the Oklahoma City Airport Authority. "Southwest Airlines wants to keep their
service and customers here. They're going to keep providing flights if we have
people who can fly."

Changes to the Wright amendment may not have an immediate effect on airports in
Oklahoma City and Tulsa, but the competition it creates might take service away
from smaller airports, such as the Lawton-Fort Sill Airport.

To put airplanes at Love Field, American Airlines may take regional jets and
commuter planes from smaller airports.

"The majority of our frequent flyers live and work close to downtown Dallas,"
said Tim Wagner, spokesman for American Airlines. "If they can offer nationwide
flights from downtown, we would have to split our operations to try to protect
our interests." <b>Concern for American</b>

Lawton officials are worried that American service to Love could mean the end of
service at their airport. The airport's board has opposed getting rid of the
Wright amendment, and officials have sent letters to federal lawmakers asking
for protection.

"I think we're a pretty strong market," said Barbara Whittington, Lawton airport
manager. "I don't think they would pull out."

Seven American Eagle flights leave the Lawton airport daily for Dallas-Fort
Worth where passengers usually catch connecting flights. On average, about 4,000
people fly out of the Lawton airport each month.

The threat to American Airlines, which earlier this month reported a profit for
the first time in more than four years, runs deeper in Oklahoma. Cuts at
American Airlines could mean a loss of jobs at the airline's Maintenance and
Engineering Center in Tulsa, where some 8,000 people work, Inhofe said. "I'm not
going to sit idly by while one of the largest employers in Tulsa is being
legislated out of business," Inhofe said. "Oklahoma absolutely needs American."

Industry analysts say claims that competition at Love Field will shake America
Airlines is unfounded, according to independent study done by the Boyd Group, a
consulting group in Evergreen, Colo.

"The argument that it will hurt American Airlines is a crock," said Michael
Boyd, an analyst who began his career in aviation as a ticketing agent for
American Airlines 25 years ago. "Of course it's in their best interest not to
directly compete with Southwest, but that happens in plenty of cities."

Just as the negative effects of repealing the Wright amendment are overstated,
so are the benefits, Boyd said.

"The most likely response from the flying public ultimately will be an enormous
disappointment in not seeing ... huge increases in air service and enormous
decreases in local ticket prices," according to the report released in July.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Southwest Airlines flight taxis to its gate last week at Will Rogers
World Airport. - BY STEVE GOOCH THE OKLAHOMAN
Graphic: Southwest cities with flights from Dallas/Love Field; Southwest cities
(map)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Securities Legislation: Three Tax-Exempt Bond Bills Introduced Recently in House



                           March 21, 2001, Wednesday

By Ola Kinnander



Lawmakers in Congress have recently introduced several bills -- most of which
are viewed as long shots -- that would affect the tax-exempt bond market,
including three recent proposals that would have an impact on issues ranging
from sports stadiums to veterans' mortgage bonds.

Among the handful of bills introduced this month is a proposal by Rep. Barney
Frank, D-Mass., to block tax-exempt financing for sports stadiums.

Frank's plan would classify as private-activity bonds any debt for which the
lesser of 5% or $5 million is used to finance a professional sports facility.
This, in effect, would bar tax-exempt financing for new pro-sport stadiums. The
proposal would only affect stadiums that start construction or get voter
approval after Sept. 30, 2001.

The plan -- which has been pushed by Frank and former Sen. Patrick Moynihan,
D-N.Y., in past congressional sessions -- is facing a steep uphill battle. The
bill has no cosponsors, and Frank is not a member of the tax-writing Ways and
Means Committee, which has jurisdiction over the measure. Also, since Moynihan
is now retired, it is unclear if any senator plans to introduce a similar bill
in the upper chamber.

Still, the bill sends a signal that some policymakers continue to be concerned
with the use of government-sponsored tax-exempt financing for professional
sports stadiums. The Internal Revenue Service also has been paying more
attention to the issue recently, as some tax-exempt bond enforcement agents are
questioning whether the multi-million dollar sales of stadium naming rights to
private corporations somehow affect the ability to use tax-exempt debt. The IRS
may answer that question later this year.

Another bill that would affect the tax-exempt market was recently introduced by
Rep. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga. It would allow states and localities to advance
refund private-activity bonds with tax-exempt general obligation debt if a
governmental unit has taken over the bond-financed facility from a failed
private company.

The bill, which went nowhere when it was first introduced last year, was
prompted by the takeover by Cobb County, Ga., of a private composting facility
for solid waste, Isakson told The Bond Buyer last year. Isakson is not a member
of the Ways and Means Committee, and the bill has no cosponsors.

A third bill introduced this month that would affect the bond market is a
proposal by Rep. Jerry Kleczka, D-Wis. It would allow veterans in five states
who served in the military after Jan. 1, 1977, to participate in states'
veterans mortgage bond programs. Under current law, only veterans who live in
Alaska, California, Oregon, Texas, and Wisconsin and served before 1977 are
allowed to participate in the programs. Unless the law is changed, no more
veterans mortgage bonds will be sold after 2007, since veterans who have been
out of the military for more than 30 years are not eligible to participate.

Sen. Herbert Kohl, D-Wis., introduced an identical version in the upper chamber
in January.

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 518 words

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Barney Frank

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 1, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Again, Magic Redefines NBA;
Johnson's Return Affects League at All Levels

David Aldridge, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 1064 words


If you're Michael Adams, you once again have to occasionally guard a man who is
not only a foot or so taller than you, but now weighs 235 pounds. And who just
happens to be one of your best friends.

If you're Jerry Colangelo, and your Phoenix Suns just traded for Charles
Barkley, and you think you're on the brink of challenging for supremacy in the
Western Conference, you don't mean to rock the boat, but you do have questions.

If you're Lee Douglas, the assistant general manager of the Atlanta Hawks, you
have to figure out a way to sell tickets to an event in which the star may or
may not show up. Think of having to sell "Evita" with Patti LuPone or Phyllis
Diller in the title role.

And what if you're Randy Pfund, who sat loyally as an assistant coach on the
Lakers' bench for years with Pat Riley and, during the last two seasons, with
Mike Dunleavy? Finally, you get your chance at the head coaching job of a
marquee franchise, only to have a nice little surprise put in your lap a week
before training camp begins.

Thus, in so many ways, does Magic Johnson's return affect the NBA. The league
that he helped save is mulling his return with a mixture of emotions. There is
admiration at his decision to fight his HIV infection the best way he knows, by
playing basketball. There is curiosity at just how the Lakers will deal with a
player who won't be available every night -- and even when he is, may have to
rest at inopportune moments.

And there is, despite the claims of numerous physicians to the contrary, a
remnant of concern about just how unlikely the chance of transferral of the
virus through normal contact is. That's the worry of Colangelo, the Suns'
president.

"Obviously," he said by telephone after Johnson announced his return, "Magic is
who he is. But the fact is he is HIV infected, and what's important is for the
medical people to give him clearance. The concern has to be for the other people
that aren't infected ... The reason he retired was because he was given the
medical advice and counsel to do that, for myriad reasons. I don't know what's
changed. So there's some questions left, that's all.

"Is there any concern for this virus being transmitted to other players? It
would be nice to hear things that are a little more definitive regarding these
issues. I'd like to see the medical experts quit dancing and be more definitive.
Nobody's saying it's a hundred percent certain" that the virus can't be
transferred.

The league has taken several steps in the last year to educate its players and
personnel about HIV. The NBA has enlisted David Rogers, the vice chairman of the
National Commission on AIDS, as a consultant. New guidelines regarding the
treatment of players bleeding on the floor and the disposal of blood-stained
equipment have been established.

Johnson played in the all-star game, and went through Olympic practices and
games. There was no problem. But that's different from an NBA season, whether
it's an abbreviated one or not. The risk of transmission through sweat has been
dismissed by doctors. What of an open cut? An immeasurably small chance? Define
"immeasurably."

That is not a concern for Adams, the Washington Bullets' starting point guard,
who was visibly shaken after Johnson's retirement last year. At the all-star
game last February, players were briefed by the league on the myths and
realities of transmitting the virus.

Adams and Johnson became good friends while Adams was in Denver. He had been a
regular at the "Midsummer Night's Magic" United Negro College Fund charity games
in Los Angeles over the years. He is a player, and he understands the
competitive reasons for Johnson's return.

"After sitting out, he had the urge to get out there," Adams said. "He's feeling
healthy and he thinks the way to stay healthy is to keep playing. I commend him
for that. You sort of knew in the back of your mind that he would come back."

Adams didn't spend most of his time in Denver looking up at Johnson bringing the
ball down court. The 5-foot-10 Adams would usually be assigned 6-4 Byron Scott;
the 6-3 Fat Lever would take Johnson. But every once in a while, guys wind up
guarding people they're not supposed to.

"If he moves on you, you just have to come right back at him," Adams said.
"You've got a guy who's very competitive, who doesn't want to do anything but
win. That has to rub off. Obviously they missed him last year. A lot."

Indeed, the Lakers bowed out meekly in the first round of the playoffs. Injuries
were a major factor, too, but Los Angeles was out of kilter all season. Now
after taking two guards in the draft last June, they have to once again adjust
to Johnson's presence. It's not bad to have the game's all-time assist leader on
the floor with you, but there are some considerations that have to be addressed.

"If you're going to try something of this nature," Pfund told the Orange County
(Calif.) Register, "he's the guy you want to do it with. We may find it
difficult. We may find we'll just have to work through it.

"You have to decide how you're going to play the game when Magic's [resting],
just as you have to decide how you're going to play the game when James Worthy
is not on the floor. You have to try to mix and match your personnel to the
opponent you're playing and take advantage of those situations."

For Douglas, whose Hawks have had an attendance problem for years, Johnson's
return is a pocketbook issue. The Lakers make their one and only appearance at
The Omni in Atlanta next March 14, starting one of those back-to-back situations
that Johnson said he would avoid. Los Angeles plays in San Antonio the following
evening. Does Johnson play against Dominique Wilkins, or does he wait a night to
play David Robinson?

Lee Douglas would like to know.

"We have to determine where we fall on the schedule, and whether or not he'll
play," Douglas said. "We're in the middle of a five-game road trip for them.
They've got [Philadelphia] on Friday, us on Sunday and San Antonio [Monday].
Obviously, from the selfish standpoint of a team, we'd like to have him here ...
But you don't know. I have tempered optimism. It's going to be like Bulls games
where people say, 'I only want to buy if you guarantee me Michael Jordan is
going to play.' All you can do is lay the facts out as best you can and let the
consumer make his mind up."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOHNSON'S SHORTENED SEASON WILL AFFECT RANDY PFUND'S COACHING.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 27, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR Edition

HIGH COURT PUTS BRAKES ON CONGRESS

BYLINE: William H. Freivogel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1070 words


In its first limitation of Congress' power over commerce since the New Deal, the
U.S. Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that Congress had exceeded its authority by
making it a federal crime to carry a gun within 1,000 feet of a school.

Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist wrote in the 5-4 decision that the 1990
Gun-Free School Zones Act had "nothing to do" with commerce "however broadly one
might define" it. For that reason it could not be justified under Congress'
broad power to regulate interstate commerce, he said.

Rehnquist said the court was seeking to preserve federalism and limit Congress
to those powers listed in the Constitution. If Congress could regulate guns
around schools, it also could set a national school curriculum or intrude into
child-rearing, the chief justice said.

Justice David Souter, one of the dissenters, said that the decision in the Texas
case risked a return to the "repudiated" era earlier this century when the court
struck down child labor, minimum wage and maximum hour laws. The ruling casts a
cloud over federal drug-free schools laws and environmental laws such as the
Endangered Species Act, federal wetlands law and the Clean Water Act.

Richard J. Lazarus, a law professor at Washington University, said those laws
were in question because the court said it would scrutinize federal laws that
regulate traditionally local matters. Zoning, land use and fighting crime
traditionally have been local concerns. But Lazarus said the decision should not
affect the constitutionality of broader gun control laws, such as the Brady law.

"The commerce clause has been a no-brainer for years," Lazarus said. "As long as
you could imagine some connection to interstate commerce, the court would uphold
it. Now the court is saying there's a limit."

States can still enforce their own gun-free school laws, however. Illinois is
one of 40 states with laws against carrying a gun near a school.

The Missouri attorney general's office said that Missouri does not have such a
law, but that the Legislature is considering one. The U.S. attorney in St. Louis
said the federal law had resulted in fewer than 10 prosecutions here.

Education and gun-control groups criticized the decision. Sixty-five students
and six school employees were shot to death at U.S. schools during the five
years before the law was enacted, the Center to Prevent Handgun Violence said.

The Supreme Court ruling, announced in Washington, frees Alfonso Lopez Jr. from
a conviction for taking a handgun and five bullets into Edison High School in
San Antonio in 1992. Lopez said he was given the gun to deliver to someone else
for $ 40 to use in what Lopez described as a "gang war." Lopez received a
six-month sentence.

Rehnquist said it was a matter of "first principles" that the Constitution set
out "enumerated powers" for the federal government, leaving most power to the
states. This division of authority protects "fundamental liberties," he said.

Rehnquist acknowledged that the court had vastly expanded Congress' power under
the commerce clause since the Depression. The last time that the court struck
down a federal law enacted under the commerce clause was 1936. But the chief
justice said there had to be limits. He said the court had not been clear about
what test to apply - whether the activity regulated by Congress had to
"substantially affect" or merely "affect" interstate commerce. He chose to put
the bar at the higher level of "substantially affects."

Rehnquist said the 1990 gun-free schools law failed this test. "The possession
of a gun in a local school zone is in no sense an economic activity that might,
through repetition elsewhere, substantially affect any sort of interstate
commerce," he wrote.

The Justice Department had defended the law based on the federal government's
authority to regulate interstate commerce. For 59 years, it has been interpreted
very broadly by the court to justify everything from a farmer's right to grow
wheat for home consumption to some civil rights laws. It said crime in a school
zone would affect the economy by producing a less well-educated and
less-productive citizenry, as well as affect commerce by the direct financial
costs of violence.

Rehnquist rejected the argument that the law was justified by "national
productivity" because education was essential to national economic well-being.
Under that argument, he said, "Congress could regulate any activity that it
found was related to the economic productivity of individual citizens: family
law (including marriage, divorce, and child custody)..."

For the court to uphold the 1990 law, it would have to conclude that the
"Constitution's enumeration of powers does not presuppose something not
enumerated . . . and that there never will be a distinction between what is
truly national and what is truly local."

Joining Rehnquist were Justices Antonin Scalia, Sandra Day O'Connor, Anthony M.
Kennedy and Clarence Thomas.

O'Connor and Kennedy wrote separately to stress that they had some "pause" about
the decision.

They said that respect for precedent "operates with great force in counseling us
not to call in question the essential principles now in place respecting the
congressional power to regulate transactions of a commercial nature. That
fundamental restraint on our power forecloses us from reverting to an
understanding of commerce that would serve only an 18th-century economy." The
two stressed that they were not calling into question the decisions in which the
court upheld the 1964 Civil Rights Act under Congress' commerce clause
authority.

Joining Souter in dissent were Justices Stephen Breyer, John Paul Stevens and
Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Breyer argued that guns at schools had a significant impact
on commerce. oea"Education, although far more than a matter of economics, has
long been inextricably intertwined with the nation's economy," he said.

In a separate dissent, Souter tcCsaid he feared the ruling might "portend a
return to the untenable jurisprudence from which the court extricated itself
almost 60 years ago."

"To be sure, the occasion for today's decision reflects the century's end, not
its beginning," Souter said. "But if it seems anomalous that ... Congress... has
taken to regulating school yards, the act in question is still probably no more
remarkable than state regulation of bake shops 90 years ago."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

5 Psoriatic Arthritis Myths Debunked

LENGTH: 770  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: ARTHRITIS FOUNDATION NATIONAL OFFICE has issued the following news
release:



 Between appointments with your healthcare provider and online research, you
feel confident in your knowledge of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). You might be
surprised to learn that some popular beliefs about the disease, which affects up
to 30% of the 7.5 million Americans living with psoriasis, are not true at all.





 "There is a lack of understanding about the nature of this disease," explains
Eric L. Matteson MD, professor of medicine in the division of rheumatology at
Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN.



 Learn the truth behind five popular psoriatic arthritis myths.



 Myth: If you have psoriasis, you will get psoriatic arthritis.



 Fact: Fewer than one-third of those with psoriasis are diagnosed with psoriatic
arthritis.



 While psoriasis - which causes red, scaly patches (called plaques) on the skin
- and psoriatic arthritis are both inflammatory conditions, there is no
guarantee that being diagnosed with the skin condition will cause your immune
system to start attacking the joints. In fact, it's possible to be diagnosed
with PsA even if you don't have skin psoriasis.



 "If you have psoriasis, it's important to get screened for psoriatic
arthritis," says Joseph F. Merola, MD, co-director of the Center for Skin and
Related Musculoskeletal Diseases at Brigham and Women's Hospital and assistant
professor at Harvard Medical School in Boston. "Psoriatic arthritis is a risk
but it's not inevitable."



 Myth: There is a test to diagnose PsA.



 Fact: It's not that simple.



 Doctors often make a diagnosis based on a physical exam and description of the
symptoms, which can include joint stiffness, psoriasis/skin disease and blood
work to detect elevated inflammatory markers. In some cases, x-rays of the
joints and spine (to assess joint damage or disease progression) are also used
to diagnose PsA.



 It's important to get screened because, as Dr. Merola notes, "Early diagnosis
is associated with better outcomes."



 Myth: Psoriatic arthritis affects mostly women and older adults.



 Fact: The disease can develop at any age. Most people with PsA are diagnosed
between the ages of 30 and 50.



 "It can be especially debilitating because it affects people in their prime,"
says Dr. Merola.



 Although a midlife diagnosis is most common, children and seniors can also be
diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis. Unlike other autoimmune diseases, which
affect a disproportionate number of women, PsA affects men and women in equal
numbers.



 Myth: PsA is a severe, debilitating disease.



 Fact: Psoriatic arthritis is a chronic condition but there is no typical
presentation. Some people have occasional, mild flares while others experience
more severe symptoms.



 Testing might offer a clue: Dr. Merola notes that those with elevated
inflammatory markers or severe cases of psoriasis - especially plaques on the
nails, scalp or in body folds like the armpits or groin - may be more prone to
severe PsA.



 Although there may be a correlation between the severity of the skin disease
and the severity of PsA, Dr. Merola notes, "Unfortunately, it's not easy to
predict who's going to have a mild course and who will have a more severe
course."



 Myth: PsA only affects the joints.



 Fact: PsA affect the joints but it may also cause a range of other symptoms,
including fatigue, swelling of the fingers and toes and inflammatory eye
disease, called uveitis. Although PsA can have widespread impact on the body, a
diagnosis doesn't have to mean lifelong poor health.



 "It's untrue that having PsA invariably leads to joint destruction and
disability," Dr. Matteson adds. "Even though there is no cure, there are
effective treatments for this disease."



 Myth: Medication is the only treatment for PsA.



 Fact: There are several effective medications for PsA, including traditional
disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs and biologics, such as methotrexate,
etanercept (Enbrel), infliximab (Remicade) and adalimumab (Humira). But there
are also lifestyle modifications that can help manage the disease, according to
Dr. Matteson.



 "As with all forms of arthritis, exercise keeps the muscles strong, which
supports the joints," he notes. "Diet is also important [because] being
overweight is a major stressor for joints."



 A 2014 study published in Annals of Rheumatic Diseases found that overweight
patients with PsA who lost at least 5% of their body weight while taking
immune-blocking meds reduced the severity of their PsA symptoms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

5 Psoriatic Arthritis Myths Debunked

LENGTH: 770  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: ARTHRITIS FOUNDATION NATIONAL OFFICE has issued the following news
release:



 Between appointments with your healthcare provider and online research, you
feel confident in your knowledge of psoriatic arthritis (PsA). You might be
surprised to learn that some popular beliefs about the disease, which affects up
to 30% of the 7.5 million Americans living with psoriasis, are not true at all.





 "There is a lack of understanding about the nature of this disease," explains
Eric L. Matteson MD, professor of medicine in the division of rheumatology at
Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN.



 Learn the truth behind five popular psoriatic arthritis myths.



 Myth: If you have psoriasis, you will get psoriatic arthritis.



 Fact: Fewer than one-third of those with psoriasis are diagnosed with psoriatic
arthritis.



 While psoriasis - which causes red, scaly patches (called plaques) on the skin
- and psoriatic arthritis are both inflammatory conditions, there is no
guarantee that being diagnosed with the skin condition will cause your immune
system to start attacking the joints. In fact, it's possible to be diagnosed
with PsA even if you don't have skin psoriasis.



 "If you have psoriasis, it's important to get screened for psoriatic
arthritis," says Joseph F. Merola, MD, co-director of the Center for Skin and
Related Musculoskeletal Diseases at Brigham and Women's Hospital and assistant
professor at Harvard Medical School in Boston. "Psoriatic arthritis is a risk
but it's not inevitable."



 Myth: There is a test to diagnose PsA.



 Fact: It's not that simple.



 Doctors often make a diagnosis based on a physical exam and description of the
symptoms, which can include joint stiffness, psoriasis/skin disease and blood
work to detect elevated inflammatory markers. In some cases, x-rays of the
joints and spine (to assess joint damage or disease progression) are also used
to diagnose PsA.



 It's important to get screened because, as Dr. Merola notes, "Early diagnosis
is associated with better outcomes."



 Myth: Psoriatic arthritis affects mostly women and older adults.



 Fact: The disease can develop at any age. Most people with PsA are diagnosed
between the ages of 30 and 50.



 "It can be especially debilitating because it affects people in their prime,"
says Dr. Merola.



 Although a midlife diagnosis is most common, children and seniors can also be
diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis. Unlike other autoimmune diseases, which
affect a disproportionate number of women, PsA affects men and women in equal
numbers.



 Myth: PsA is a severe, debilitating disease.



 Fact: Psoriatic arthritis is a chronic condition but there is no typical
presentation. Some people have occasional, mild flares while others experience
more severe symptoms.



 Testing might offer a clue: Dr. Merola notes that those with elevated
inflammatory markers or severe cases of psoriasis - especially plaques on the
nails, scalp or in body folds like the armpits or groin - may be more prone to
severe PsA.



 Although there may be a correlation between the severity of the skin disease
and the severity of PsA, Dr. Merola notes, "Unfortunately, it's not easy to
predict who's going to have a mild course and who will have a more severe
course."



 Myth: PsA only affects the joints.



 Fact: PsA affect the joints but it may also cause a range of other symptoms,
including fatigue, swelling of the fingers and toes and inflammatory eye
disease, called uveitis. Although PsA can have widespread impact on the body, a
diagnosis doesn't have to mean lifelong poor health.



 "It's untrue that having PsA invariably leads to joint destruction and
disability," Dr. Matteson adds. "Even though there is no cure, there are
effective treatments for this disease."



 Myth: Medication is the only treatment for PsA.



 Fact: There are several effective medications for PsA, including traditional
disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs and biologics, such as methotrexate,
etanercept (Enbrel), infliximab (Remicade) and adalimumab (Humira). But there
are also lifestyle modifications that can help manage the disease, according to
Dr. Matteson.



 "As with all forms of arthritis, exercise keeps the muscles strong, which
supports the joints," he notes. "Diet is also important [because] being
overweight is a major stressor for joints."



 A 2014 study published in Annals of Rheumatic Diseases found that overweight
patients with PsA who lost at least 5% of their body weight while taking
immune-blocking meds reduced the severity of their PsA symptoms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Flood Warning

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: National Weather Service, The State of Iowa has issued the
following news release:



   Rounds of very heavy rain have occurred over northern Iowa, portions of
east-central Iowa, southeastern Minnesota, and western Wisconsin over the past
five days.

A widespread 3 to 5 inches of rain has fallen, mainly along and northwest of a
Cedar Rapids to Dubuque line. Further to the north and northwest some area have
received 6 to 10 inches with isolated higher amounts. These extreme rainfall
amounts will result in significant river level rises into next week. Confidence:
High on the occurrence of river flooding, moderate on site specific crest
forecasts. Please monitor for daily forecast updates throughout this event as
changes to the crest forecasts are possible. River forecasts include past
precipitation and forecast rainfall for the next 48 hours. ...Flood Warning in
effect until further notice... The National Weather Service in Quad Cities has
issued a * Flood Warning for The Mississippi River at Burlington. * Until
further notice. * At 11:00 AM Friday the stage was 14.6 feet...and steady. *
Flood stage is 15 feet. * No flooding is occurring and Major flooding is
forecast. * Forecast...Rise above flood stage Monday evening...and continue
rising to 18.2 feet Friday morning. * Impact...At 18.0 feet...Water affects the
Burlington Auditorium parking lot. Water also affects Bluff Harbor Marina. Water
affects North Shore Marina in Fort Madison. In Dallas City, water affects First
Street at the ball park.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                December 5, 2011

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: MISCELLANEOUS; Pg. 26 Vol. 15 No. 47

LENGTH: 2117  words


CMG MI: PMI Bankruptcy Won't

Affect Ability To Pay Claims

WALNUT CREEK, Calif.-CMG Mortgage Insurance Co. last week said the bankruptcy
filing by PMI Group-a 50%-50% partner with CUNA Mutual Insurance-will not affect
the claims-paying ability for the biggest provider of private mortgage insurance
for credit unions.

"The bankruptcy filing affects the holding company for PMI," said Kim Shaul,
senior vice president and general manager of CMG. "The filing will have no
impact on the day-to-day operations of CMG MI."

PMI, the nation's biggest provider of private mortgage insurance, filed for
Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after an Arizona judge rejected its bid to
overturn the October seizure of its mortgage insurance unit by state regulators.

Throughout the travails of PMI, officials for CUNA Mutual have sought to
reassure credit unions about the claims-paying ability of its 18-year-old joint
venture on mortgage insurance for credit unions, asserting that the venture is
well-capitalized and a separate entity.

PMI sought protection from its creditors in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in
Wilmington, Del., listing assets of $225 million and debts of more than $736
million. PMI has seen its business deteriorate along with the U.S. housing
market.

Standard & Poor's downgraded its rating on PMI bonds to junk, noting PMI's $685
million of senior unsecured notes and $51.5 million of junior subordinated notes
have become due and payable as a result of the bankruptcy filing.

Goldenwest CU Paying $575K Bonus Dividend To Members

OGDEN, Utah-Goldenwest CU will pay its members a $575,000 bonus dividend, the
eighth straight year the credit union paid a bonus. This year's payout amounts
to a 4.2% Annual Percentage Yield on shares for the month of December.

Paid for the month of December, a 4% APY bonus dividend is based on the average
daily balance of shares during 2011. The bonus dividend is in addition to the
0.2% APY monthly dividend. Members will receive the total dividend of 4.2% APY
on Dec. 31.

The $780-million credit union paid a $600,000 bonus dividend last year and has
paid a total of $4.5 million since 2004.

Convicted Former Exec Seeks To Axe Restitution Payments

SAN DIEGO-CUNA Mutual Group has asked a federal bankruptcy court to reject a
plea from a former credit union executive convicted of stealing $287,000 from
San Diego County CU to erase her restitution to the insurer's CUMIS Insurance
Society through the Chapter 7 procedure.

Barbara Kilts was fired from her job as loan officer in 1992 and subsequently
pleaded guilty to charges of bank fraud for transferring money from the credit
union's general ledger to her personal accounts. CUMIS eventually paid a bond
claim to cover the credit union's losses. As part of her plea agreement, Kilts
agreed to pay restitution to the credit union insurer at between $75 and $150 a
month. At July 15, the balance on her restitution was $126,650.

But on Aug. 31, Kilts filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition which would erase
her debts. CUMIS, which is her biggest debtor, has filed a petition with the
bankruptcy court to prevent the move.

Officials at CUNA Mutual declined to comment.

Maryland's SECU Reports Strong Volumes Continuing

LINTHICUM, Md.- SECU, this state's largest credit union, reported it continues
to experience unprecedented member growth as an increasing number of consumers
shift their accounts from other financial institutions (see related stories,
page 1).

"With the holidays, we typically see account openings flatten in November and
December," said CEO Rod Staatz, "but with negative sentiment toward the big
banks continuing and more people switching financial institutions as a result of
events such as the recent Bank Transfer Day, we are experiencing a reversal of
that trend this year."

According to Staatz, new checking accounts opened during the week of Nov. 5,
which was Bank Transfer Day, showed an increase of 62% over the same week in
2010 and 2009. Similarly, new members for the week of Nov. 5 were up 61% over
the same week in 2010, the credit union reported.

SECU said the week ending Nov. 12 was even better. Despite the Veteran's Day
holiday, during the week SECU saw a 67% improvement in the average number of
checking accounts opened and a 72% increase in the average number of new members
acquired per business day when compared to the same week in November 2010 and
2009.

Staatz noted that 34% of new checking accounts opened in November came from
existing SECU members, "confirming that many members who may not have thought of
SECU as their primary financial institution in the past are now beginning to do
so."

SAFE CU Member Cooks Up A Complete Backyard Makeover

SACRAMENTO, Calif.- SAFE Credit Union has awarded a backyard makeover package
worth more than $6,000 to one of its members, and in the process also bought
itself what it called "invaluable visibility."

SAFE launched its "Backyard Makeover" contest in August, inviting SAFE members
and nonmembers alike to vote daily on their favorite among three Backyard
Makeover Grand Prize packages posted on the safecu.org website.

Each vote counted as an entry. By the time the contest concluded in October,
more than 18,850 entries made the "Chill Out" Backyard Makeover package the
overwhelming winner. The credit union said that more than a quarter of the
contestants mentioned their local SAFE branch to score an additional 10 entries,
which provided it with better data on who is responding to marketing efforts,
and where.

Sacramento-area resident and SAFE member Maggie Hana won the package, which was
presented to her via a surprise reveal arranged between her husband and SAFE
marketing staff at her local SAFE branch. The prize package came with a $3,000
gift card from Orchard Hardware and a personal consultation, starter plants
included, with the local firm of Executive Care Landscape, Inc.

SAFE described the effort as a "successful marketing exercise that blended
traditional advertising-such as print display ads and in-branch promotions-with
online, interactive marketing that included Facebook ads for social media
outreach and an overall approach that directed people to SAFE's website to
access the contest."

"More than half of the entries received were from non-SAFE members, which
indicated that our marketing strategies were effective in reaching a new
audience," said VP-Marketing Paul Hersek. "During the two-month promotional
period, we saw some of the highest levels of activity on our site than we've
seen all year."

The $1.6-billion SAFE said the total number of click-throughs generated by the
contest approached 10,000. Meanwhile, contestants could also play through
mail-in entries, which attracted entries from as far away as Alabama, Tennessee
and New Jersey.

Standard & Poor's RatingsDowngrades Dozens of FIs

NEW YORK-Standard & Poor's Ratings Services last week downgraded dozens of large
financial institutions, including Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup, citing a
new methodology that reflects weaker confidence in governments' willingness and
ability to bail out banks in trouble.

The widely expected move did not signal a change of any of the banks' individual
credit metrics as much as a revision to the assumptions that had previously
bolstered them. The new criteria affected 37 banks, most of which were
immediately downgraded if not put on negative credit watch, noted American
Banker, an affiliate of Credit Union Journal.

S&P in November had promised to revise many financial institutions' ratings to
better reflect how banks' creditworthiness is linked to the health of the
economies in which they operate.

A broad swath of the European banking sector is suffering as the euro zone's
sovereign-debt crisis widens, retarding global economic growth. S&P is also the
only one of the top three ratings companies that has downgraded the credit
status of the U.S., giving the country a double-A-plus rating in August.

S&P's latest downgrades come after rival Moody's Investors Service said late
Monday it would review junior debt ratings across the European banking sector,
also based on the lower chances of government support if banks fail.

Tucson Old Pueblo Latest To Get Back Into Issuing Cards

TUCSON, Ariz.-Tucson Old Pueblo CU has signed a credit card processing deal with
PSCU Financial Services to facilitate its re-entry into the cards market, one of
dozens of credit unions reversing recent exits from the cards business.

"Offering a credit card is essential in this marketplace," said Joe Mirachi,
president of the $130-million TOPCU. "We have new members joining us from large
banks and they are specifically looking for a consumer-friendly terms that only
credit unions offer. In addition, we need to serve our existing members who are
looking for low interest rates and low or no fees. Having an attractive credit
card portfolio helps us satisfy and grow our membership."

Tuscon Old Pueblo exited the cards business when it sold its portfolio to
Inficorp in 2005.

PSCU Financial, which already provides the credit union with electronic billing
services, said it helped design a credit card offering that meets the credit
union's needs and developed promotions to attract new members and expand card
utilization. Tucson Pueblo's credit card holders will have access to Total
Member Care Contact Centers, which deliver 24/7/365 support.

PSCU Financial reported it has helped at least two-dozen credit unions re-enter
the card market after they had sold their portfolios to third parties, with
several other credit unions re-entering through other providers.

Purdue FCU Offers $500 To HS That Issues Most Cards

WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind.-Purdue Federal Credit Union has entered into partnership
with area high schools to not just offer means of improving financial literacy,
but to also offer custom high school debit card designs.

Purdue FCU will award $500 to the high school with the highest number of debit
cards issued between Nov. 14 and Dec. 31. High school debit card designs are
available for the students and supporters of more than a half-dozen high schools
in its market area.

FARMERS BRANCH, Texas-Americans may be headed to the malls and the Internet with
holiday shopping lists, but they aren't so prepared when it comes to a budget
for shopping, according to a poll from the National Endowment for Financial
Education (NEFE). NEFE found 63% of Americans surveyed will not set or have a
budget for their holiday shopping.

The lack of a budget comes even as nearly half of all Americans in the survey
expressed concern over how they will pay for their holiday expenses this year.
Approximately 49% of those surveyed are much/somewhat more concerned about being
able to afford holiday expenses this season, compared with their level of
confidence five years ago. As a result, 54% of those who have holiday expenses
plan to spend less this year than they did five years ago.

Other findings:

64% anticipate gifts to be their largest expenditure this year, with 60%
planning to spend the most on family members. Other expenses include
food/groceries for holiday meals (12%), travel (8%), entertainment/entertaining
or holiday greeting cards (both 2%), gift wrap/decorating and other (both 1%).

* 10% anticipate not having any holiday-related expenses this year.

* 67% plan to use cash to pay for holiday purchases, 45% will use credit (of
those 32% said they will pay the full balance in the first statement cycle.

* 17% expect to pay for gifts using funds from savings, 7% will use layaway, 5%
will rely on a holiday or year-end bonus, 3% plan on help from relatives or
friends, 2% a short-term loan and 5% plan to pay by other means.

CHICAGO-According to the ecumenical magazine Christian Century, a coalition of
churches across the country has pulled their money out of big banks and hopes to
lead a shift of as much as $1 billion to community banks and credit unions

Christian Century reported that the "New Bottom Line" coalition of church
congregations, community organizations, labor unions and individuals promoting a
"Move Our Money" campaign against Wall Street banks because of what they see as
unfair mortgage foreclosures and an unwillingness to lend to small businesses.

"In a way, the banks have divested from our communities, especially communities
of color," the Rev. Ryan Bell, a Seventh-day Adventist pastor in Los Angeles
told Christian Century. "So we're basically telling Bank of America that we want
them to invest in our communities, and until they do that we're not going to
give our money to them." The magazine said that at recent national convocation
of clergy in New Orleans, about 100 leaders from a broad cross section of
Christian, Jewish and Muslim congregations pledged to move $100 million.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                December 5, 2011

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: MISCELLANEOUS; Pg. 26 Vol. 15 No. 47

LENGTH: 2117  words


CMG MI: PMI Bankruptcy Won't

Affect Ability To Pay Claims

WALNUT CREEK, Calif.-CMG Mortgage Insurance Co. last week said the bankruptcy
filing by PMI Group-a 50%-50% partner with CUNA Mutual Insurance-will not affect
the claims-paying ability for the biggest provider of private mortgage insurance
for credit unions.

"The bankruptcy filing affects the holding company for PMI," said Kim Shaul,
senior vice president and general manager of CMG. "The filing will have no
impact on the day-to-day operations of CMG MI."

PMI, the nation's biggest provider of private mortgage insurance, filed for
Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after an Arizona judge rejected its bid to
overturn the October seizure of its mortgage insurance unit by state regulators.

Throughout the travails of PMI, officials for CUNA Mutual have sought to
reassure credit unions about the claims-paying ability of its 18-year-old joint
venture on mortgage insurance for credit unions, asserting that the venture is
well-capitalized and a separate entity.

PMI sought protection from its creditors in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in
Wilmington, Del., listing assets of $225 million and debts of more than $736
million. PMI has seen its business deteriorate along with the U.S. housing
market.

Standard & Poor's downgraded its rating on PMI bonds to junk, noting PMI's $685
million of senior unsecured notes and $51.5 million of junior subordinated notes
have become due and payable as a result of the bankruptcy filing.

Goldenwest CU Paying $575K Bonus Dividend To Members

OGDEN, Utah-Goldenwest CU will pay its members a $575,000 bonus dividend, the
eighth straight year the credit union paid a bonus. This year's payout amounts
to a 4.2% Annual Percentage Yield on shares for the month of December.

Paid for the month of December, a 4% APY bonus dividend is based on the average
daily balance of shares during 2011. The bonus dividend is in addition to the
0.2% APY monthly dividend. Members will receive the total dividend of 4.2% APY
on Dec. 31.

The $780-million credit union paid a $600,000 bonus dividend last year and has
paid a total of $4.5 million since 2004.

Convicted Former Exec Seeks To Axe Restitution Payments

SAN DIEGO-CUNA Mutual Group has asked a federal bankruptcy court to reject a
plea from a former credit union executive convicted of stealing $287,000 from
San Diego County CU to erase her restitution to the insurer's CUMIS Insurance
Society through the Chapter 7 procedure.

Barbara Kilts was fired from her job as loan officer in 1992 and subsequently
pleaded guilty to charges of bank fraud for transferring money from the credit
union's general ledger to her personal accounts. CUMIS eventually paid a bond
claim to cover the credit union's losses. As part of her plea agreement, Kilts
agreed to pay restitution to the credit union insurer at between $75 and $150 a
month. At July 15, the balance on her restitution was $126,650.

But on Aug. 31, Kilts filed a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition which would erase
her debts. CUMIS, which is her biggest debtor, has filed a petition with the
bankruptcy court to prevent the move.

Officials at CUNA Mutual declined to comment.

Maryland's SECU Reports Strong Volumes Continuing

LINTHICUM, Md.- SECU, this state's largest credit union, reported it continues
to experience unprecedented member growth as an increasing number of consumers
shift their accounts from other financial institutions (see related stories,
page 1).

"With the holidays, we typically see account openings flatten in November and
December," said CEO Rod Staatz, "but with negative sentiment toward the big
banks continuing and more people switching financial institutions as a result of
events such as the recent Bank Transfer Day, we are experiencing a reversal of
that trend this year."

According to Staatz, new checking accounts opened during the week of Nov. 5,
which was Bank Transfer Day, showed an increase of 62% over the same week in
2010 and 2009. Similarly, new members for the week of Nov. 5 were up 61% over
the same week in 2010, the credit union reported.

SECU said the week ending Nov. 12 was even better. Despite the Veteran's Day
holiday, during the week SECU saw a 67% improvement in the average number of
checking accounts opened and a 72% increase in the average number of new members
acquired per business day when compared to the same week in November 2010 and
2009.

Staatz noted that 34% of new checking accounts opened in November came from
existing SECU members, "confirming that many members who may not have thought of
SECU as their primary financial institution in the past are now beginning to do
so."

SAFE CU Member Cooks Up A Complete Backyard Makeover

SACRAMENTO, Calif.- SAFE Credit Union has awarded a backyard makeover package
worth more than $6,000 to one of its members, and in the process also bought
itself what it called "invaluable visibility."

SAFE launched its "Backyard Makeover" contest in August, inviting SAFE members
and nonmembers alike to vote daily on their favorite among three Backyard
Makeover Grand Prize packages posted on the safecu.org website.

Each vote counted as an entry. By the time the contest concluded in October,
more than 18,850 entries made the "Chill Out" Backyard Makeover package the
overwhelming winner. The credit union said that more than a quarter of the
contestants mentioned their local SAFE branch to score an additional 10 entries,
which provided it with better data on who is responding to marketing efforts,
and where.

Sacramento-area resident and SAFE member Maggie Hana won the package, which was
presented to her via a surprise reveal arranged between her husband and SAFE
marketing staff at her local SAFE branch. The prize package came with a $3,000
gift card from Orchard Hardware and a personal consultation, starter plants
included, with the local firm of Executive Care Landscape, Inc.

SAFE described the effort as a "successful marketing exercise that blended
traditional advertising-such as print display ads and in-branch promotions-with
online, interactive marketing that included Facebook ads for social media
outreach and an overall approach that directed people to SAFE's website to
access the contest."

"More than half of the entries received were from non-SAFE members, which
indicated that our marketing strategies were effective in reaching a new
audience," said VP-Marketing Paul Hersek. "During the two-month promotional
period, we saw some of the highest levels of activity on our site than we've
seen all year."

The $1.6-billion SAFE said the total number of click-throughs generated by the
contest approached 10,000. Meanwhile, contestants could also play through
mail-in entries, which attracted entries from as far away as Alabama, Tennessee
and New Jersey.

Standard & Poor's RatingsDowngrades Dozens of FIs

NEW YORK-Standard & Poor's Ratings Services last week downgraded dozens of large
financial institutions, including Bank of America Corp. and Citigroup, citing a
new methodology that reflects weaker confidence in governments' willingness and
ability to bail out banks in trouble.

The widely expected move did not signal a change of any of the banks' individual
credit metrics as much as a revision to the assumptions that had previously
bolstered them. The new criteria affected 37 banks, most of which were
immediately downgraded if not put on negative credit watch, noted American
Banker, an affiliate of Credit Union Journal.

S&P in November had promised to revise many financial institutions' ratings to
better reflect how banks' creditworthiness is linked to the health of the
economies in which they operate.

A broad swath of the European banking sector is suffering as the euro zone's
sovereign-debt crisis widens, retarding global economic growth. S&P is also the
only one of the top three ratings companies that has downgraded the credit
status of the U.S., giving the country a double-A-plus rating in August.

S&P's latest downgrades come after rival Moody's Investors Service said late
Monday it would review junior debt ratings across the European banking sector,
also based on the lower chances of government support if banks fail.

Tucson Old Pueblo Latest To Get Back Into Issuing Cards

TUCSON, Ariz.-Tucson Old Pueblo CU has signed a credit card processing deal with
PSCU Financial Services to facilitate its re-entry into the cards market, one of
dozens of credit unions reversing recent exits from the cards business.

"Offering a credit card is essential in this marketplace," said Joe Mirachi,
president of the $130-million TOPCU. "We have new members joining us from large
banks and they are specifically looking for a consumer-friendly terms that only
credit unions offer. In addition, we need to serve our existing members who are
looking for low interest rates and low or no fees. Having an attractive credit
card portfolio helps us satisfy and grow our membership."

Tuscon Old Pueblo exited the cards business when it sold its portfolio to
Inficorp in 2005.

PSCU Financial, which already provides the credit union with electronic billing
services, said it helped design a credit card offering that meets the credit
union's needs and developed promotions to attract new members and expand card
utilization. Tucson Pueblo's credit card holders will have access to Total
Member Care Contact Centers, which deliver 24/7/365 support.

PSCU Financial reported it has helped at least two-dozen credit unions re-enter
the card market after they had sold their portfolios to third parties, with
several other credit unions re-entering through other providers.

Purdue FCU Offers $500 To HS That Issues Most Cards

WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind.-Purdue Federal Credit Union has entered into partnership
with area high schools to not just offer means of improving financial literacy,
but to also offer custom high school debit card designs.

Purdue FCU will award $500 to the high school with the highest number of debit
cards issued between Nov. 14 and Dec. 31. High school debit card designs are
available for the students and supporters of more than a half-dozen high schools
in its market area.

FARMERS BRANCH, Texas-Americans may be headed to the malls and the Internet with
holiday shopping lists, but they aren't so prepared when it comes to a budget
for shopping, according to a poll from the National Endowment for Financial
Education (NEFE). NEFE found 63% of Americans surveyed will not set or have a
budget for their holiday shopping.

The lack of a budget comes even as nearly half of all Americans in the survey
expressed concern over how they will pay for their holiday expenses this year.
Approximately 49% of those surveyed are much/somewhat more concerned about being
able to afford holiday expenses this season, compared with their level of
confidence five years ago. As a result, 54% of those who have holiday expenses
plan to spend less this year than they did five years ago.

Other findings:

64% anticipate gifts to be their largest expenditure this year, with 60%
planning to spend the most on family members. Other expenses include
food/groceries for holiday meals (12%), travel (8%), entertainment/entertaining
or holiday greeting cards (both 2%), gift wrap/decorating and other (both 1%).

* 10% anticipate not having any holiday-related expenses this year.

* 67% plan to use cash to pay for holiday purchases, 45% will use credit (of
those 32% said they will pay the full balance in the first statement cycle.

* 17% expect to pay for gifts using funds from savings, 7% will use layaway, 5%
will rely on a holiday or year-end bonus, 3% plan on help from relatives or
friends, 2% a short-term loan and 5% plan to pay by other means.

CHICAGO-According to the ecumenical magazine Christian Century, a coalition of
churches across the country has pulled their money out of big banks and hopes to
lead a shift of as much as $1 billion to community banks and credit unions

Christian Century reported that the "New Bottom Line" coalition of church
congregations, community organizations, labor unions and individuals promoting a
"Move Our Money" campaign against Wall Street banks because of what they see as
unfair mortgage foreclosures and an unwillingness to lend to small businesses.

"In a way, the banks have divested from our communities, especially communities
of color," the Rev. Ryan Bell, a Seventh-day Adventist pastor in Los Angeles
told Christian Century. "So we're basically telling Bank of America that we want
them to invest in our communities, and until they do that we're not going to
give our money to them." The magazine said that at recent national convocation
of clergy in New Orleans, about 100 leaders from a broad cross section of
Christian, Jewish and Muslim congregations pledged to move $100 million.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

Gophers make pitch to Alamo Bowl panel

BYLINE: By Marcus R. Fuller mfuller@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 381 words


The University of Minnesota's case for winning the Alamo Bowl bid over Michigan
State goes beyond the Gophers' 42-34 victory over the Spartans on Halloween.

When weighing the two 6-6 teams, Alamo Bowl spokesman Rick Hill said, committee
members must consider how the eight players suspended by Michigan State recently
could affect the Spartans' competitiveness.

"Any incident that we feel might affect the impression of our game or impact
attendance is going to be viewed," Hill said Wednesday. "I think it's a positive
that Michigan State acted quickly before the game's announcement. Obviously,
that could affect their team's performance. I imagine there's a lot of questions
that will be asked in the next couple days."

Bowl announcements will be made Sunday, and Hill expects the Big Ten Conference
to receive two BCS berths. That would put Minnesota or Michigan State against
Oklahoma or Texas Tech of the Big 12 in the Alamo Bowl on Jan. 2 in San Antonio.
The other Big Ten team would be assigned the Insight Bowl against a Big 12
opponent Dec. 31 in Tempe, Ariz. The Gophers lost to Kansas in last year's
Insight Bowl.

The Spartans fared better than Minnesota in the Big Ten (4-4 vs. 3-5) and have
the edge in fan traveling. Michigan State last played in the Alamo Bowl in 2003;
the Gophers never have played there.

Hill said his bowl representatives have heard from Gophers coach Tim Brewster
about why his team should play in their game.

"Obviously, he has very good Texas ties," Hill said of the former University of
Texas assistant coach. "He's a recruiter. He very well presents it. Minnesota
has tremendous momentum with the new stadium it opened up."

But since beating Michigan State, the Gophers finished the season with three
disappointing performances in losses to Illinois and Iowa sandwiched around a
narrow victory over South Dakota State. Michigan State scored a combined 89
points in defeating Western Michigan and Purdue before falling to Penn State
42-14 in its regular-season finale.

"We're going to look to see which team can (generate interest) in the local
market," Hill said. "We're going to get information on which fan base would turn
on more television sets. Matchups play into it, because having a competitive
game is a huge driving force in television ratings."

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                August 21, 2014

                            Novation Companies, Inc.

                         2114 Central Street, Suite 600
                             Kansas City,  MO 64108
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Diversified services portfolio

   The diversified service portfolio of Novation provides it with a competitive
edge over its peers in the industry. The company, along with its subsidiaries,
operates as a residential appraisal and mortgage real estate valuation
management services company. Through its subsidiary, Streetlinks, the company
provides appraisal and real estate valuation services. The company also provides
financial settlement services primarily through income tax preparation
businesses, and access to banking accounts, small dollar banking products and
related services through its subsidiary, Advent Financial Services. In addition,
the company provides local and long distance residential and other moving
services at a price less than other major national van lines, through its
subsidiary Mango. The broad product portfolio enables the company to cover
diversified markets and attract maximum number of customers, which in turn will
boost its revenues and market share.

Strong liquidity position

   Novation's current ratio was 2.01 at the end of FY2011, significantly higher
against 0.43 at the end of the FY2010. Furthermore, this was above its
competitors â[#x20ac]" MBI Financial and First American Financial Corporation,
which recorded current ratio of 0.34 and 0.90 respectively for the FY2011. A
higher than the competitor's average current ratio indicates that the company is
in a stronger financial position than other companies in the industry. At the
end of the review year, the company had total current assets worth US$30.46
million, an increase of 10.61% over previous year. Its total current liabilities
stood at US$15.09 million, a decrease of 76.21% over the previous year.
Therefore, a strong cash and liquidity position provides the company an
advantage while funding any potential opportunity arising in the market.
Weaknesses:

Legal proceedings

Various lawsuits filed against Novation may impact its bottom-line, whilst
damaging its reputation in the industry. In May 2008 an action case was filed in
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County, by the New Jersey
Carpenters' Health Fund, on NovaStar Mortgage Funding Corporation
(â[#x20ac][#x2dc]NMFC') and its individual directors, several securitization
trusts sponsored by the company and several unaffiliated investment banks and
credit rating agencies. In 2009, ITS Financial, LLC filed a complaint against
Advent and the company alleging a breach of contract by Advent for services
related to tax refund anticipation loans and early season loans. In June 2011,
the National Credit Union Administration Board, as liquidating agent of U.S.
Central Federal Credit Union, filed an action against NMFC and numerous other
defendants in the United States District Court for the District of Kansas,
claiming that the defendants issued or underwrote residential mortgage-backed
securities pursuant to allegedly false or misleading registration statements,
prospectuses, and/or prospectus supplements. Lawsuits such as these may result
in penalties and fines, which may tarnish the company's reputation in the
industry and is likely to have a negative impact on its business.

Limited geographical presence

   The company generates all of income from the US only, which is an area of
concern. Its business activities revolve around the US, which may affect its
overall business operations, if the region experiences any changes in economic,
and political or climatic changes. The company's results of operations depend on
general economic conditions and demand for the company's products in that
region. The company also losses out on the various revenue streams that its
rivals enjoy through diversification into other geographies. Such a lack of
scale or overdependence on the particular region may affect its results of
operations.
Opportunities:

Inorganic growth strategy

   Strategic acquisitions at regular intervals offer a strong growth opportunity
for the company, especially foraying into new markets or launching new products
or services. In October 2011, Novation acquired Build My Move, a provider of
low-cost local and long-distance moving services, and renamed it as Mango Moving
LLC. The acquisition of the moving company is another step in Novation's
transformation from a subprime mortgage lender to a diversified financial
services provider. Earlier, in previous years, Novation acquired StreetLinks
LLC, a national residential appraisal and real estate valuation management
company, and Advent Financial Services LLC, a tax services provider. The
management of Novation is focused on building the operations of its
subsidiaries. Such strategic acquisitions provide a steady revenue source.

Recovering US economy

   Novation is well positioned to benefit from the recovering US economy. The
economy of the US is expected to recover and achieve growth in 2012. According
to World Bank, the US GDP is expected to record a 2.2% growth in 2012, which is
higher than 1.7% in 2011. In addition, the unemployment rate is expected to
decrease to below 8.5% by 2013. Furthermore, it is estimated that the inflation
will recover from 3.00% in 2011, to 2.00% in 2012. The recovery in economy will
generate significant opportunities for the company to enhance its revenues in
the future.
Threats:

Regulatory environment

   The company's operations are subject to stringent regulatory environment,
which may increase its compliance cost. The operations of StreetLink are subject
to regulation from Federal Housing Finance Agency and the United States
Department of Housing and Urban Development. In addition, the company's Advent
business has faced, and may continue to face, increased levels of regulatory
scrutiny and rulemaking in the financial industry. New or revised regulations or
enforcement perspectives may adversely affect Advent's ability to effectively
design, distribute and facilitate its products and services, and may adversely
affect Advent's sales channels and funding sources. Unfavorable changes to
existing regulations may negatively affect the company's business operations.

Decline in home sales

   Decline in home sale may affect the company's business. The cash flows of
residential appraisal and mortgage real estate valuation are directly dependent
on the volume of home sales. StreetLinks, it subsidiary, offering residential
appraisal management, retains a portion of the fee for appraisal services
collected from lenders and borrowers for an independent residential appraisal to
cover its costs of managing the process of fulfilling the appraisal order. A
prolonged decline in the number of home sales and the originations and
refinancings of home loans may cause a decrease in the demand for appraisals. A
decreased demand for appraisals may have an adverse effect on the revenues and
profitability of StreetLinks.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Tribune Co. to shed 700 newspaper employees;
Job losses, representing 6% of staff, will mainly affect the business side

BYLINE: RAVI SOMAIYA

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 441 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

The cuts, which represent about 6 percent of the company's 11,000 employees,
will affect mostly its business side, its chief executive said.

FULL TEXT

The Tribune Company, owner of The Chicago Tribune and The Los Angeles Times,
will lay off 700 employees at those newspapers and the six others it owns, it
has said in memos to the staff.

The cuts, which represent about 6 percent of the company's 11,000 employees,
will affect mostly its business side, Peter Liguori, chief executive of the
Tribune Company, said in the memos on Wednesday. The aim, Mr. Liguori said, is
to ''unify the noneditorial functions of our publishing businesses.''

Tribune is preparing to spin off its newspaper unit into a separate company and
shift its focus to its television holdings. In July, the company paid $2.7
billion for 19 local television stations, signaling that it was accelerating its
transformation into a broadcasting company.

In addition to The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune, the Tribune
Company owns The Baltimore Sun; The Hartford Courant; The Orlando Sentinel and
The Sun-Sentinel in Florida; The Morning Call in Allentown, Pa.; and The Daily
Press of Newport News, Va. It also owns a national cable station, WGN America.

The cuts will not affect ''front-line reporters,'' according to a person with
knowledge of the plan who spoke on the condition of anonymity, but there will be
some newsroom losses.

A spokesman for the company, Gary Weitman, declined to comment on how the
layoffs might break down across the publications, and how many journalists' jobs
might be trimmed.

The plan for the publishing arm of the business, Mr. Liguori said in the memo on
Wednesday, is to align ''noneditorial areas of our business units by function,
rather than by geography.''

A new leader, Bill Adee, currently senior vice president for digital development
and operations at The Chicago Tribune, has also been appointed to revamp the
company's digital offerings at a newly named operation, Tribune Digital.

In January, shortly after he joined the company, Mr. Liguori, a longtime
television executive, said he was open to selling newspapers and buying more
television stations.

That announcement, soon after the company emerged from bankruptcy, kindled
speculation on potential suitors for The Los Angeles Times in particular.

The billionaire libertarian activists Charles and David Koch were reported to be
considering a bid for all eight of the Tribune Company's newspapers. They
announced later that they had dropped the idea.

The company spokesman, Mr. Weitman, declined to discuss how today's announcement
might fit into the company's broader strategy.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          December 20, 2006 Wednesday

St. Johns panel calms officials about charter;
The county's constitutional officers are worried the proposed change could
affect their duties or procedures.

BYLINE: CHRISTINA ABEL

SECTION: Pg. V-1

LENGTH: 497 words


St. Johns County constitutional officers shouldn't worry too much that a
proposed charter could be changed to affect their duties, a citizens group that
drafted the proposed charter said. It doesn't happen that often.

Out of 19 charter-ruled counties in Florida, only Miami-Dade, Volusia and
Broward counties have passed amendments affecting constitutional officers. Those
counties have operated by charter for at least 30 years.

As written, the proposed St. Johns County charter doesn't affect the county's
constitutional officers, only the five county commissioners.

The County Commission agreed Dec. 13 to ask the Legislature to put the proposal
on the ballot in 2007 or 2008.

If approved by voters, it would set term and campaign limits, require electronic
filing of campaign contributions and would establish recall provisions.

St. Johns County's constitutional officers, Sheriff David Shoar, Property
Appraiser Sharon Outland, Clerk of Courts Cheryl Strickland and Tax Collector
Dennis Hollings- worth, have protested the move toward a charter, saying the
document could later be amended to affect their responsibilities.

A 12-member group that drafted the charter, including Ponte Vedra Beach
residents Marcy Silkebaken and Tina McGough, said they have nothing to worry
about: Their research showed that only those three counties changed the role of
constitutional officers.

Kurt Spitzer, a Tallahassee consultant who helps counties establish charters,
said the most controversial amendments involved transferring constitutional
officers' duties to the commission, giving commissioners control over the
constitutional officers' budgets. Currently, the sheriff and other
constitutional officers control their own budgets.

"Voters might adopt a change that gives the County Commission greater budgetary
control over that office," Spitzer said. "Only a few [counties] have done that,
though."

Last week, the county's legislative delegation agreed to consider the charter
draft in the 2007 session, which begins in March.

Rep. Don Davis, R-Jacksonville, the new chairman of the county's legislative
delegation, said the delegation will present the proposed charter to a
bill-drafting committee.

Then several other committees will review it before it goes to the House as a
bill in March.

The bill could be altered as it's reviewed by these committees, until it's
considered by the Senate.

"It can still be changed," Davis said, addressing the concerns of two
commissioners who voted against sending the charter draft to the Legislature.

Those commissioners said the proposed charter wasn't ready because residents
across the county didn't have a chance to review it.

"We can say that they have to have a certain number of public hearings," Davis
said.

Although the commission was split 3-2 on whether to send the draft to the
Legislature, the delegation follows the will of the majority of the board, said
Rep. Dick Kravitz, R-Jacksonville.

christina.abel@jacksonville.com, (904) 249-4947, ext. 6319

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 11, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

PESSIMISM MAY AFFECT THE IMPACT OF CANCER

Don Colburn

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. Z05; THE CUTTING EDGE

LENGTH: 323 words


For seriously ill cancer patients under age 60, a pessimistic outlook appears to
have some detrimental effect on how long they survive, a study reports.

Researchers followed 238 adult patients with cancer that had recurred or spread
to other parts of the body. All were being treated with radiation for relief of
their symptoms. Half were men, half women. The most common cancers in patients
in the study were malignancies of the lung or breast.

The patients were given psychological tests to measure their levels of optimism,
pessimism and depression. They were retested four months later and again after
eight months.

In patients under 60, there was a definite link between pessimism and mortality;
a more pessimistic patient was statistically more likely to die sooner than a
less pessimistic patient with a similar prognosis, the study concluded.

The research was conducted by a team of psychologists from the University of
Pittsburgh, Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Georgia. The
results appeared this month in Psychology and Aging, a journal published by the
American Psychological Association.

Previous research has come up with differing findings on the enormously
complicated relationship between psychosocial factors, such as personality,
mood, hopelessness or anger, and cancer. Some studies have found significant
links, while others have not.

The precise mechanism by which pessimism might affect the death rates of cancer
patients remains a mystery, but the researchers said it was possible a
pessimistic outlook affects "adherence to a medical regimen, or that it directly
affects the endocrine and immune systems, or both."

One reason why the effect did not show up in cancer patients over 60, the
researchers speculated, may be that cancer is more common in older people, and
the psychological threat is not as great among those who know others who have
coped with the disease.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1996June 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                                  Ventas, Inc.

                             353 North Clark Street
                               Chicago,  IL 60654
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Ventas, Inc (Ventas) is a real estate investment trust based in the US. The
company's diversified investment portfolio, strong business association, and
strong top line performance are its strengths, even as decline in cash position
and limited exposure to international markets remain major areas of concern. In
future, fluctuations in interest rates, intense competition and changing
regulations may affect the company's business and profitability. However,
strategic acquisitions, expanding housing and mortgage market, and growing
economy in the US may present new growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG TOP LINE PERFORMANCE


Ventas, reported strong bottom-line performance during FY2015. The company
reported a revenue of US$3,286.4 million in FY2015, compared to US$2,776.8
million in FY2014, representing an annual increase of 18.4%. The increase in
revenue is due to strong growth in the rental income and resident fees. The
company's rental income and resident fees reported increase of 18.2% and 16.6 %
over FY2014. Strong top-line performance will help the company to pursue its
growth plans, aggressively.

DIVERSIFIED INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO


Ventas has a diversified investment portfolio, which provides it with a
competitive edge over its peers in the industry. The company principally invests
in healthcare related facilities including hospitals, skilled nursing
facilities, senior housing facilities, medical office buildings, and other
healthcare related facilities. The company holds about 1,300 properties across
the US, Canada and the UK. As on December 31, 2015, the company's third party
managers leased around 607 properties. The company's independent operators,
Atria and Sunrise, managed a total of 304 of our seniors housing communities.
The company's three largest tenants: Brookdale, Kindred and Ardent leased from
company's 140 properties, 76 properties and ten properties, respectively. Such a
broad portfolio of offerings enables the company to cater to a larger customer
base besides enhancing its competitive position. A diverse investment portfolio
helps the company to cover diversified markets and increases the customers and
helps in the revenue maximization.

STRONG BUSINESS ASSOCIATIONS


Ventas' strong business tie-ups and partnerships with leading businesses enable
the company to further enhance its product delivery model. The company believes
in growth through acquisitions. The company has tie-ups with independent
operators such as Sunrise Senior Living, Atria Senior Living, Kindred
Healthcare, and Brookdale Senior Living in the US. Sunrise Senior Living is the
only senior living brand in private pay seniors housing worldwide. Atria Senior
Living is the fifth largest manger of senior housing assets in the US. Kindred
Healthcare is the largest long-term care services provider in the US, while
Brookdale Senior Living is the largest senior living operator in the US. Such
partnerships with major businesses in the US help the company in creating a
strong brand image among the end-use clients, which in turn enables the company
to strengthen its operating effectiveness.


WEAKNESSES:


LIMITED EXPOSURE TO INTERNATIONAL MARKETS


Venta's has very limited exposure in other geographies. The major part of the
company's revenue comes from the US market. Though, the company has operations
in the US, Canada and the UK, its generated 93.9% of its revenue from its the US
only. The company is therefore, over dependent on the domestic market for its
revenue. Therefore, its financial results are subjected to general regulatory,
legal, economic, demographic, competitive and other conditions in these regions.
The changes in any of these conditions could negatively impact the company's
results of operations. High concentration on domestic markets is a serious cause
of concern for the company as it could hamper its financial position.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decline in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined from US$55.3 million at the end of FY2014 to US$53 million at the end
of FY2015, representing a decline of 4.2%. Decline in cash and equivalents may
be due to series of acquisitions done by company in the previous financial year.



OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The Ventas stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at 2.5%
in 2015. It is expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Positive growth in the economy
keeps a balance between exports and imports in the country, further bolsters
individual consumption and investment, and strengthens government spending.
Growing economic activities will increase prices on the face of stimulating
demand that is likely to save the US from tipping into deflation. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions in the country. As a real
estate investment trust in the US, the company is well positioned to benefit
from the growing economy.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


Strategic acquisitions will allow the Ventas to expand its business further. In
this direction August 2015, the company acquired Ardent Medical Services, Inc.,
together with its subsidiaries. The acquisition will help the company to
strengthen its portfolio and market reach in the US. Also, in January 2015, the
company acquired American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust, Inc., a healthcare
facility provider. This initiative added 152 properties to the company, 20 of
which absorbed in Care Capital Properties (CCP) spin off. Such acquisitions will
strengthen the company's customer base, product portfolio and presence, which
enable the company to improve its profitability and market share.

EXPANDING HOUSING AND MORTGAGE MARKET


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,320 billion in 2016, compared to US$1,222 billion by
2015. The forecast are on the back of the fact that the US economy continues on
its current path of stronger growth, job gains and declining unemployment. The
mortgage origination is expected to grow in future. Venta's, which provides
mortgage lending solutions, is expected to benefit from this growth.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Consistent low interest rate in US has impacted real estate company's earnings,
capital and reserves, liquidity and competitiveness. Furthermore, increasing
interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the
principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized. Volatile interest
rates might impact the operating performance of the company as its income and
investment returns depend on the level of interest rates. Furthermore,
increasing interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay
the principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are
highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control, including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the money supply and the
policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest
rates might impact the operating performance of the company as its income and
investment returns depend on the level of interest rate.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory.
Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory interpretation may
adversely affect the company's product range, distribution channels, capital
requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing requirements.
These changes include possible changes in statutory pension arrangements and
policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency requirements. Thus,
the changes in government policies and regulations may have a negative impact on
the company's growth and expansion strategies.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect the market share and profitability of the
company. The company faces competition from local and international insurance
companies. It competes with its competitors based on various factors including
products and services, distribution network, ratings, financial stability and
brand image. Some of its major competitors include Care Investment Trust Inc,
HCP Inc., Healthcare Realty Trust Incorporated, Welltower Inc. and LTC
Properties, Inc. Such intense competition may affect the Venta's market
position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Two Southern Projects Raise Questions On How Sports Facilities Affect GO Credits

                             June 10, 1996, Monday

Christopher McEntee

DATELINE: ATLANTA



Atlanta and Greenville, S.C., arena projects raise compelling questions about
how sports facilities can affect underlying GO credits and which revenues are
reliable enough to pay off their bonds, according to Standard & Poor's Corp.

Analysts reviewed these two projects in light of the increased construction of
sports facilities among many Southeastern issuers. Broward County, Miami, and
North Carolina are considering stadium and arena projects that could affect
credit ratings, they noted in today's CreditWeek Municipal.

Analysts warned issuers to scrutinize the long-term benefits of sports- related
building because the projects may not generate revenues or economic activity as
expected once their sheen has worn off.

Plus, the use of existing revenues or new revenue sources to support bonds for
arenas or stadiums may leave cities and counties with fewer options to fund
traditional operations and services, they said.

Nevertheless, an issuer can reduce the risk to its GO credit ratings - if it
backs sports bonds - by ensuring that arenas will be built by contractors who
have proven they can finish projects "on time and on budget," analysts said.

Construction risks can also be mitigated by making sure the project is well
along in its permitting process once bonds are sold, and by ensuring it has
adequate financial reserves.

The city of Greenville and Greenville County are limiting credit risks
associated with a $60 million arena that will house a minor league hockey team
by having the contractor pay debt service if the project is delayed or over
budget.

On the other hand, Atlanta and Fulton County have pledged their unlimited taxing
powers as backup security for a $200 million arena bond issue. That GO backing
"over an extended period of time, could strain both issuers' budgets," the
report said.

Nevertheless, the Atlanta arena will have several revenue streams pledged to
debt service, including those paid by the Atlanta Hawks basketball team, which
will make a portion of the deal taxable.

SECTION: THE REGIONS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 340 words

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Security beefed up on pipelines to U.S.: Energy companies take precautions after
terrorist attacks; Nymex closing might affect deliveries

BYLINE: GENE LAVERTY

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. D2

LENGTH: 401 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


Canada's energy pipelines to the U.S. are secure and running with heightened
security after the worst terrorist attack in U.S. history, company executives
said.

Canada is the biggest supplier of natural gas to the U.S. and a major supplier
of oil with pipelines from fields in western Canada carrying oil and gas to
refineries and consumers.

TransCanada PipeLines Ltd., Canada's biggest pipeline company, has increased
security at its pipeline-operation centre in Calgary and power plants it owns in
New York state and Rhode Island. The Calgary-based company is also Canada's
biggest gas trader.

"We anticipate there will be some effect on the gas market," spokesman Glenn
Herchak said.

"How that affects our pipeline deliveries and gas- and power-trading operations,
we're discussing right now."

Canada's oil-and-gas companies sell most of their production on U.S. markets.
The closing of the New York Mercantile Exchange might affect deliveries,
executives said. The exchange closed yesterday morning, and it's not known when
it will reopen.

TransCanada gathers gas in western Canada and delivers it through its main line
to Ontario. From there, it is sent by other lines to the U.S. Northeast.

The company's power-generation arm has merchant plants in New York that sell
electricity in the state.

Enbridge Inc., which runs North America's longest oil pipeline, has advised
employees to tighten security along the line, which carries oil and other
products to U.S. Midwest refineries from Canada.

"We have advised all personnel along the pipeline route to be on heightened
security," spokesman Jim Rennie said. "We are trying to be more alert and
security-conscious because of what happened (yesterday)."

Enbridge is evaluating the effect the Nymex closing will have on its trading
operations and will decide how that will affect deliveries from the line.

Alliance Pipeline LP, which carries gas to the Chicago area from northeastern
British Columbia, said it is checking its line and tightening security. The line
is owned by some of the biggest energy-transportation companies, including
Enbridge, Williams Cos. and El Paso Corp.

"As a result of (yesterday's) tragic events, we have taken prudent measures to
ensure the safety of our natural-gas pipeline system," spokesman Jay Godfrey
said.

The company doesn't anticipate disruptions to its gas deliveries, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 21, 2012 Wednesday

More Upstate car travelers say lower gas prices affect plans

BYLINE: Trevor Anderson, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


Nov. 21--By road or sky, more South Carolinians are expected to travel for their
turkey dinner this Thanksgiving, Charlotte, N.C.-based travel agency AAA
Carolinas said Tuesday.

At least 617,110 state residents are predicted to travel 50 miles or more from
home during the busy holiday travel period, which traditionally starts today and
runs through Sunday. That's a 1 percent increase over last year, the agency
said.

AAA Carolinas said about 555,400, or 90 percent, of those travelers will drive
in part because of a "dramatic" 50-cent drop in the statewide average gasoline
price to $3.13 per gallon of regular fuel on Tuesday, from its mid-September
peak of $3.63.

"Thanksgiving is the most traditional family holiday with the 'Turkey Day'
always coming on Thursday, creating a guaranteed four-day holiday for many,"
David Parsons, president and CEO of AAA Carolinas, said in a statement. "The
lower price at the pump will encourage more people to drive this Thanksgiving."

The agency said 45 percent of travelers will depart today and 36 percent will
return on Sunday, promising more congestion on highways and at airports on those
days.

"Usually, Thanksgiving is one of our most heavily trafficked holidays," said
Spartanburg County Sheriff's office spokesman Tony Ivey. "It's important that
travelers take extra precaution to have a safe and happy holiday."

Rosylin Weston, spokeswoman for Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport,
said fliers will have a few new things on tap at GSP for Thanksgiving.

The airport has completed the expansion of its economy parking lot, adding more
than 400 new spaces to the lot that allows customers to take advantage of $4
daily parking.

GSP also has installed a new luggage cart system, replacing its former 25- to
40-cart system with up to 80 carts at three dispenser locations, including two
in the economy parking lot and one in baggage claim. The carts cost $2 to use,
but customers can get a 25-cent rebate when they return them to any dispenser
location on the property.

Weston reminded customers that $5 reserve parking is available to ensure
travelers secure a space and don't have to waste time driving around. The
service is available in the economy, daily and both sky lot parking lots.

"Thanksgiving is always one of our biggest travel holidays out of GSP," Weston
said. "We'll see if history repeats itself, but we expect traffic to pick up
starting (today)."

Weston said travelers can visit GSP's website (www.gspairport.com) or its main
terminal renovation program WINGSPAN's site (www.elevatingtheupstate.com) for
helpful tips and updates. Fliers can also visit www.tsa.gov.

AAA Carolinas said that despite decreasing airfares, only about 49,000 South
Carolinians are expected to take to the skies this year, a decrease from 2011.
An estimated 12,000 will use other modes of transportation, such as train, boat
or bus.

State residents hitting the roadways will find the country's second-lowest
average prices in South Carolina, the agency said. Meanwhile, average prices in
neighboring North Carolina and Georgia are $3.31 and $3.26, respectively.

Travelers heading to the Northeast can expect to see the lingering effects of
superstorm Hurricane Sandy, particularly in New York, which has the most
expensive gas in the country at $3.93 per gallon, according to AAA Carolinas.

In Spartanburg County, the average price at the pump was $3.04 per gallon on
Tuesday, according to the fuel cost website gasbuddy.com. That was 4 cents lower
than in Missouri, the state with the nation's lowest average per gallon,
according to AAA Carolinas.

The agency said many South Carolinians will travel closer to home, averaging
about 588 miles round-trip, and the roughly 40 percent of travelers not staying
with relatives or friends will find hotel rates relatively flat compared with
last year.

Rates for AAA Three Diamond hotels are down 1 percent from a year ago, while AAA
Two Diamond hotels are up 1 percent. The cost of car rentals has increased 27
percent in the past year, from an average $37 per day in 2011 to $47 per day
this year.

There are expected to be no significant construction delays along South Carolina
interstates, as the state's Department of Transportation requires contractors to
keep all lanes open during heavy travel holidays, according to the agency.

AAA Carolinas said travelers can calculate their fuel costs at
www.fuelcostcalculator.com.

For more information, visit: www.aaacarolinas.com.

___ (c)2012 Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) Visit the Spartanburg
Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) at www.GoUpstate.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121121-SG-More-Upstate-car-travelers-say-lower-gas-prices-affect
-plans-20121121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2012 Herald-Journal


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                October 13, 2016

                    The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation

                               225 Liberty Street
                            New York City,  NY 10286
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


BNY Mellon is a global financial services company. A broad portfolio of
offerings, strong distribution network and increase in total deposits are the
major strengths of the company, even as declining revenue and legal issues
remain major causes for concern to the company. Strategic acquisitions,
priorities and growing economy in the US will offer ample growth opportunities
to the company. However, fluctuations in interest rates, changing regulations
and foreign currency fluctuations may affect its business performance.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PORTFOLIO OF OFFERINGS


A broad portfolio of offerings is the company's major strength and enables BNY
Mellon to increase its revenue. BNY Mellon offers asset management, investment
management, investment services and wealth management services. The company's
portfolio of services includes asset servicing, broker-dealer services,
corporate trust services, depository receipts, derivatives, liquidity services,
risk management, foreign exchange and treasury services. It also offers equity,
fixed income, cash and alternative solutions, overlay solutions, family offices,
charitable gift programs, endowments and foundations, wealth and estate plan,
investment management, private banking and asset management services.

STRONG DISTRIBUTION NETWORK


A strong distribution network helps the company serve a huge customer base,
ensuring high revenue. BNY Mellon is a global financial services company
offering wealth management services, asset management services, issuer services,
clearing services and treasury services. The company focuses on trust and
custody activities, investment management services, banking services and
securities-related activities through its subsidiaries. BNY Mellon, along with
its subsidiaries and branch offices, operates in more than 100 markets across
the Americas, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa. Such a strong
distribution network helps it reach a wide customer base, apart from providing
it a competitive edge over its peers.

INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increase in total deposits of the company reflects strong customer confidence,
strengthens the company's financial position and expands its lending
capabilities. BNY MELLON reported increase in its total deposits in FY2015. The
company reported total deposits of US$279.6 billion in FY2015 as against US$
265.9 billion in FY2014, indicating an annual increase of 5.2%. The increase was
to the result of 21.4% growth in the non-interest bearing deposits in Non-US
offices from US$108.4 billion in FY2014 to US$131.6 billion in FY2015.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINING TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


The company reported a marginal decline in revenue in FY2015. In FY2015, the
company reported total revenue of US$15,494 million, as against US$16,046
million in 2014, indicating a decrease of 3.4%. The decrease in revenue was due
to a 4.5% decrease in the fee revenue from US$12,558 million in FY2014 to US$
11,999 million in FY2015. The company's declining revenue may affect its overall
business performance.

LEGAL ISSUES


Various complaints and legal actions initiated against the company could affect
its operational performance. In August 2015, the company paid a penalty of US$
14.8 million to settle the charges that it violated anti-bribery and internal
accounting control provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in 2010 and
2011. It provided internships to the sons of government officials affiliated
with a Middle Eastern sovereign wealth fund in an effort to allegedly win
business. In April 2015, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) fined company's
London Branch and The Bank of New York Mellon International Limited GBP126
million for failing to comply with the FCA Client Assets Sourcebook (Custody
Rules, or CASS), which applies to safe custody assets and to client money. In
March 2015, the company agreed to pay a penalty of US$714 million in relation to
the misrepresentation of the pricing and execution of foreign exchange trades
made on behalf of clients. Such legal actions may have a major impact on the
company's profitability and affect its brand image.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in the
US is expected to reach 2.6% in 2017. Increase in consumer consumption and
purchases, favorable monetary policy, decreasing unemployment rate and
recovering Asian and European economies are expected to be the major growth
drivers for the US economy. Growing economy is likely to boost investment
activities in the country, which could drive the demand for investment
management companies. BNY Mellon, as a provider of asset and wealth management
solutions in the US, is well placed to benefit from the growing economy.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


The company's recent acquisitions will further strengthen its market reach and
product offerings. In January 2016, the company signed a definitive agreement to
acquire the assets of Atherton Lane Advisers, LLC. This acquisition will enable
BNY Mellon to capture the Northern California wealth market, where in Atherton
Lane Advisers, LLC located in the heart of Silicon Valley, which is a key wealth
market for national and global expansion strategy of BNY Mellon. Earlier, in
January 2015, the company acquired a US based fixed income and solution
specialist, Cutwater Asset Management. This acquisition was to deepen the
company's capabilities in fixed income research and portfolio management
services. Strategic acquisitions such as these will further strengthen its
position in the market.

STRATEGIC PRIORITIES


The company's strategic priorities will enhance its expertise, scale and trust,
while strengthening its clients' experience. BNY Mellon focuses on improving its
investment platforms and services by providing sophisticated tools and insights
for managing increased competition and regulatory complexities. As a result, in
June 2015, the company signed an agreement with investment management firm, T.
Rowe Price, for providing the portfolio and fund accounting services. BNY Mellon
is also enhancing its technology platforms such as NEXEN, a new open source,
cloud-based technology platform that consolidates solutions from BNY Mellon,
select third-parties and clients onto one single, intuitive and powerful
platform. To improve business, the company sold Meriten Investment Management to
Oddo & Cie in April 2015. The company also realigned its UK transfer agency
operating model to improve its profitability; streamlined its APAC investment
management operations and exited the derivatives clearing business. Such
strategic priorities will enhance its business operations further.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the book
value of the company. Changes in interest rates may affect the interest, which
hampers the company's net interest income and earnings. In the company's
brokerage operations, increasing interest rate generally results in increase in
larger net interest. Conversely, in those operations, falling interest rate
generally results in fall in interest income. If the company is unable to manage
the interest rate risk effectively, changes in interest rates could have a
material adverse effect on its profitability. Fall in liquidity or transparency
of the financial markets may result in its inability to sell, syndicate, or
realize the value of security positions, leading to increased concentration. The
company's inability to reduce the positions in specific securities may not only
increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also
increase the level of risk-weighted assets on the company's balance sheet,
leading to increasing capital requirements, which could affect its business,
results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's operations are subject to government regulations, which may
increase its costs. BNY Mellon is subject to extensive regulation and
supervision in the US, and anti-money laundering regulations adopted under the
USA Patriot Act. Regulatory bodies regulate things such as licensing
requirements; mandate capital and surplus requirements; regulate trade and
claims practices; approve policy forms; and restrict companies' ability to enter
and exit markets. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation could affect the company's product range, distribution channels,
capital requirements, reported results and financing requirements. These changes
include possible changes in statutory pension arrangements and policies,
regulation of selling practices and solvency requirements. Unfavorable changes
in government policies and regulations could affect the company's growth and
expansion.

FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS


Unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to increase
the expenses for the company. The company operates in 35 countries in North
America, Asia-Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa. The non-US$ currencies'
appreciation over US$ or vice versa may increase the company's costs, and
increase capital expenditures in US$ terms. This could hamper the company's
position against its close competitors and affect its profitability.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

Official: Fire marshal proposal won't affect ratings

BYLINE: Fernando Del Valle, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


May 03--SAN BENITO -- A proposal to assign the fire marshal's position to a
firefighter certified as an arson investigator would not affect the city's
insurance rating, a state official said Wednesday.

City officials Tuesday proposed assigning a firefighter certified as an arson
investigator to the position of fire marshal as part of a plan to remove the
fire marshal's rank, City Manager Manuel Lara said Wednesday.

"We're still going to have a fire marshal," Lara said.

In a Tuesday meeting, city commissioners approved the first reading of an
ordinance that would eliminate the rank of fire marshal.

Fire Marshal Henry Lopez, who has appealed a March 31 indefinite suspension,
warned that the city's move to assign the position could affect the city's
insurance rating.

Lopez also argued that a state law requires cities with populations above 10,000
to have a fire marshal.

Jerry Hagins, a spokesman with the Texas Department of Insurance in Austin, said
the proposal to assign the fire marshal's position to a certified arson
investigator would not impact the city's rating.

"If the person is properly certified as an arson investigator that should not
affect it," Hagins said.

Hagins said the state doesn't require cities with populations above 10,000 to
have a fire marshal.

Lara said the city plans to remove the fire marshal's rank because the position
should not be a ranking position.

Lopez, a 34-year veteran who has served as fire marshal for 20 years, said he is
"by far" the most experienced arson investigator in the department.

Lopez said that if the city's Civil Service Commission overturns his indefinite
suspension the city would be required to return him to the fire marshal's
position.

Officials ordered Lopez's indefinite suspension because he spoke to the news
media about a former fire department employee's resignation and yelled at
Assistant City Manager Art Rodriguez, who oversees the fire department's
administration, city records show.

fernandodv@valleystar.com

___ (c)2012 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120503-HR-Official-Fire-marshal-proposal-won-t-affect
-ratings-0503-20120503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2012 Valley Morning Star


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

EDITORIAL: After hard-fought campaigns, focus on issues

BYLINE: Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 553 words


Dec. 18--Sen.-elect Lois Kolkhorst won a hard-fought campaign Dec. 6 to replace
former Sen. Glenn Hegar, the incoming state comptroller. Now, it's time for
lawmakers to focus on the task at hand: a long list of issues that need
addressing.

Many of the issues afflicting Texas also affect local communities.
Infrastructure, transportation, water. These affect us all. We need proper
infrastructure to have a physical sense of comfort whenever and wherever we
convene for the public good. We need proper transportation to get from place to
place and in a timely fashion. We certainly need water, especially to grow and
process our food.

Candidates and elected officials have looked at desalinization as a way to help
water woes throughout the state. Some cost concerns have been attached to that
approach for water procurement, but leaders in Austin must have alternatives
ready. This ultimately will be a life-and-death situation for all of humanity.
What is done during the next legislative session on this issue could be felt for
generations. This must be a bipartisan effort, because this is one issue we
can't afford to get wrong.

Public and higher education issues are felt in the Crossroads. UH-Victoria is
the only four-year institution within about a 100-mile radius of the city. Its
success, and that of its students and graduates, affects the city and region.
Community colleges in the region also need to be catered to. The two types of
institutions should be equipped to play to their skills and niches.

Public education is more important than usual going into the legislative
session. For years, educators, parents, school districts and advocates have
complained that funding has been unequal in the state. Now, a lawsuit, which
could affect what the legislature does, is underway.

Border security, of course, is a big issue, especially for communities closer to
the border. This is a touchy subject, as lawmakers and special interest groups
disagree on what the state and federal governments' roles are, and whether the
issues of securing the border and immigration reform are mutually exclusive.
What's clear are the laws. The state and federal governments have specific roles
they play, particularly with regard to immigration reform. For many politicians,
this issue is a key way to stick it to Washington D.C. and the executive branch;
however, campaigning for the most part is over. President Barack Obama, former
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-California, and exiting Senate Majority Leader
Harry Reid, D-Nevada, aren't in Texas. The ball is in our lawmakers' court.

And like with everything else, communication is key. Unique in 2015 will be that
all statewide-elected officials will be new to their jobs. A regular session
lasts close to six months. Lawmakers, policymakers and influencers need to be on
the same page on Day 1.

Yes, Texas arguably is the best state in the nation economically, but it's
questionable on issues, such as education, and state leaders must answer for how
its leaders deal with these issues that regular people deal with in their daily
lives.

This editorial reflects the views of the Victoria Advocate's editorial board.

___ (c)2014 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141218-VI-EDITORIAL-After-hard-fought-campaigns-focus-on-issues-1218-20141218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2014 Victoria Advocate


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   December 19, 1990, Wednesday, City Edition

Suddenly, it's open season on QBs

BYLINE: GARY SHELTON

SECTION: SPORTS; THE NFL; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 831 words



Don Shula, hire some protection. Get some of those big, walking-around guys
(maybe some short ones too, to protect Dan Marino's knees) on the payroll.

    Buddy Ryan, call Brinks. Have Randall Cunningham put in a vault.

    Jack Pardee, take out an insurance policy on Warren Moon.

    Whatever you can do, guys, protect your quarterbacks. Because it's open
season on them, and they're going down like french fries at the Craig Heyward
household.

    The way this is going, the NFL championship this year might be a matter of
the Last Quarterback Standing. It's like one of those battle royales they have
in wrestling.

    Phil Simms out of here. Jim Harbaugh see ya. Jim Kelly call when you can.
Steve DeBerg we'll see.

    One thing about the NFL, it isn't ouchless. And the weekend's flurry of
quarterback injuries damages the Super Bowl hopes of the Giants, Bears, Bills
and Chiefs by putting them in the hands of, in order, Jeff Hostetler, Mike
Tomczak, Frank Reich and Steve Pelluer.

    If you would have ranked the NFL teams before last weekend, those probably
would have been four of your top five teams. Now, all four have been faced with
news that is, well, disarming.

    It most affects the Bills, because they were the best passing team of the
bunch, and Kelly was at the top of his game.

    It affects the Giants, because Simms is such a big-game quarterback.

    It affects the Chiefs, even though DeBerg may play through his broken
finger. But the Chiefs need desperately to overtake the Raiders, so they have to
win now.

    Least affected is the Bears, because Tomczak can hand the ball to Neal
Anderson about as well as Harbaugh.

    But most of all, it affects the San Francisco 49ers. Because their chances
of making it to yet another Super Bowl just got even better.

    That is, if George Seifert can make sure Joe Montana is taken into
protective custody.
      Cold shoulder: The Miami Dolphins have never played a road game in Buffalo
in December. Now, they get a chance to take on the Bills in the cold and gray
that can be upstate New York around Christmas. Not that the Dolphins act
intimidated.

     "Cold, sleet, snow, rain, blizzard whatever," said nose tackle Shawn Lee.
"Even if there's an iceberg on the field, we'll run around it."

    Added cornerback Tim McKyer: "Maybe we'll practice in a refrigerator."

    Road kills: The Atlanta Falcons have now lost 17 games in a row away from
home, and it will be next year before the team has another opportunity to end
the streak.

    "You have to have 50 people who believe that when you're on the road, it's a
total business trip," said Falcons' coach Jerry Glanville.  "You have to have 50
people who think that's the most important thing. When we end up with that,
we'll win on the road."

    Bo knows weariness: The Raiders' Bo Jackson was asked if he felt a monkey on
his back as he was tackled from behind by ex-Buc Rod Jones after an 88-yard run.
"A monkey, uncles and cousins. I don't know what I said to the guy, but I was so
tired my legs were like noodles. I just wanted to get to the sideline and get me
some air."

    Pain in the rear: Ron Holmes, the ex-Buc who has struggled with the Broncos
this year, insists that his injury (a bruised tailbone) didn't result from a
holdout that resulted in him showing up overweight.

    "If you can find anyone with a medical background, to say the reason I hurt
my tailbone was I was overweight that's ridiculous," Holmes said. "I've seen
people who weigh 99 pounds fall down a flight of stairs and hurt their tailbone.
Weight had nothing to do with it."

    Dream season: Kansas City's Todd McNair was hit pretty hard Sunday hard
enough to knock him across the country. McNair suffered a concussion against the
Oilers on a kickoff.

    "I was back in Jersey and I was waxing my car down," he said.  "Then I
thought I was dreaming that I was in a football game. They said I came off
smiling and telling people I was going back in. But I don't remember any of
that. I got to the sideline and I saw the players and the fans and I thought,
"Hey, I'm dreaming that I'm in a game.' "

    Revenge: Denver receiver Vance Johnson says that he'll be looking for
Seattle cornerback Melvin Jenkins Sunday when the teams play. Jenkins is
responsible for a scar on Johnson's nose.

    "It (the scar) is permanent and I'm going to show it to him before the
game," Johnson said. "It bothers me. I hope he laughs, because then I'll get a
little madder. If he apologizes, I'll calm down. If he laughs, I'll be ready to
fight."

    Parting shot: San Francisco linebacker Matt Millen, on the rumors that the
Rams might fire John Robinson: "If they fire him, they deserve to lose."

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Buffalo's Jim Kelly grimaces
after injuring his knee in Sunday's game. Kelly was one of four starting QBs
knocked out of action

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service;Eric Schmitz, has
submitted (15-E-0302) I am not a resident of NY, but our nation's energy
structure affects me and all other residents, no ...

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document:



 I am not a resident of NY, but our nation's energy structure affects me and all
other residents, no matter where we are. What happens in New York or any other
state has an affect on all of us. I live in Indiana, and sadly, we have no
nuclear power plants to save, so I focus my advocacy where it can do some good.





 Closing nuclear plants early is disastrous for our nation's energy goals. When
nuclear plants shut down, that energy is not replaced by wind or solar, as many
believe, but by natural gas, which is currently cheap (although that will not
last long), and fast to build. This is what occurred in New England after the
premature closure of the Vermont Yankee power station.



 New York has the opportunity to lead on this effort. Please do not repeat the
mistakes made by Illinois and California. Keep these clean, low-carbon nuclear
plants open and operating!



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    AUGUST 22, 2001 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

Excite @Home's woes not expected to affect Comcast bid The Philadelphia cable
company wants to buy the broadband unit of AT&T, which owns 73 percent of the
troubled firm. No effect seen on bid for AT&T unit

BYLINE: Benjamin Y. Lowe INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 571 words


The financial difficulties of Excite@Home Corp., a major provider of Internet
service via high-speed cable modems, are not likely to affect Comcast Corp.'s
bid for AT&T Corp.'s broadband unit, people familiar with the Philadelphia cable
company's bid said yesterday.

Excite@Home is the Internet service provider for AT&T Broadband's 1.3 million
high-speed Internet customers.

Excite@Home's auditors told the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday
that the company would have to obtain additional financing before the end of
this year to stay in business.

Comcast made an unsolicited $58 billion bid last month for AT&T Broadband, the
telephone giant's cable-TV and high-speed Internet division. AT&T rejected the
bid, but hinted that it would consider a higher offer.

Comcast and AT&T declined to speculate publicly on how Excite@Home's problems
might affect negotiations, though people familiar with the situation said it was
unlikely that Excite@Home would be allowed to fold.

Analysts said Excite@Home's condition would be unlikely to affect any
AT&T-Comcast talks. "@Home is a very small piece, and will have very little
impact" on Comcast's bid, James B. Boyle, an analyst with First Union Securities
in New York, said.

AT&T, which holds 73 percent of Excite@Home's voting stock, declined to say
whether it would step in to resuscitate the Redwood City, Calif., firm.

"AT&T could come up with a cash infusion, but I'm not sure the return on
investment would warrant it," said Ted Moore, an analyst with National City Bank
Financial Advisors in Cleveland. "It has been a poor investment so far, and the
tide does not appear to be turning."

Moore said Excite@Home, which derives 35 percent of its revenue from its @Home
service, was hurt by cable companies looking to other Internet companies for
high-speed Internet access.

At the end of this year, for instance, Comcast and Cox Communications Inc. will
no longer be bound to Excite@Home as their sole Internet service provider.

AT&T, which is still bound to Excite@Home, would not say whether it would change
providers should Excite@Home declare bankruptcy. But analysts said it was
unlikely that Excite@Home's 3.7 million worldwide cable-modem subscribers would
be affected while the company figured out how to go forward.

Comcast has 675,600 cable-modem customers, most of them served by Excite@Home.

Asked how it would provide Internet service to its high-speed Internet customers
if Excite@Home failed, Comcast issued this statement yesterday attributed to
Dave Watson, executive vice president of sales, marketing and customer service:

". . . We have a partnership with Excite@Home that will continue on an exclusive
basis through Dec. 4 of this year and non-exclusively after that date. Beyond
that, we cannot speculate on recent reports about Excite@Home's financial
situation or future plans."

Drake F. Johnstone, an analyst with Davenport & Co., a Richmond, Va., brokerage,
said customers of Excite@Home probably need not worry.

"AT&T, Comcast and Cox are not going to allow a situation where Excite would
totally shut down operations," Johnstone said. "They would fund it until they
find a solution."

Shares of Excite@Home, which traded at $86.31 on April 9, 1999, closed yesterday
at 40 cents.

Benjamin Y. Lowe's e-mail address is blowe@phillynews.com.

Inquirer staff writer Akweli Parker contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: LGC Seminar How Being Overweight Affects Your Body @ the Cottonwood
Recreation Center

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Pima County has issued the following event detail:

LGC Seminar How Being Overweight Affects Your Body @ the Cottonwood Recreation
Center
LGC SEMINAR ON HOW BEING OVER WEIGHT AFFECTS YOUR BODY


How Being Overweight Affects your mind and body is the topic of February's free
Lookin Good Cottonwood community lecture, sponsored by Northern Arizona
Healthcare's Verde Valley Medical Center in partnership with the Cottonwood
Recreation Center.
The lecture is from 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm, Tuesday, February 3, 2015 at the
Cottonwood Recreation Center in the Cottonwood Room.
Sports Medicine physician and orthopedics surgeon Brad Williams, M.D., PH.D.,
will discuss the many ways excess weight adversely affects your mind and body.
Learn how making some small, basic lifestyle changes can improve your overall
health and well-being. For more additional information or questions regarding
this informational lecture, please contact the Cottonwood Recreation Center at
639-3200.
When
 Tue Feb 3, 2015 5:30pm - 6:30pm Mountain Time - Arizona
Where
 Cottonwood Recreation Center, 150 South 6th Street, Cottonwood, Arizona, 86326
(map)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Are You Still Trying to Figure Out How the Affordable Care Act May
Affect Your Business?

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Are You Still Trying to Figure Out How the Affordable Care Act May Affect Your
Business?


Are you a Small Business Owner who wants to know how the Affordable Care Act may
affect you? Still not sure if you, as a Small Business Owner, must provide
health insurance to your employees? The Washington Metropolitan Area District
Office is presenting an informational session on how the Affordable Care Act
will affect Small Business Owners. Join Economic Development Specialist,
Alexandra Piotrowski as she explains topics such as: how to determine the number
of full-time employees versus full-time equivalent employees, and how this may
affect whether you may have to provide insurance; whether you, as a small
business, may qualify for a tax credit; and what the Employer Shared
Responsibility Payment is, and whether you may be subjected to it.

Join us and have your questions answered!

When: Wednesday, December 11th 10 a.m.-12 p.m.

Where: 409 3rd St SW (Orange/Blue Metro: Federal Center SW Metro Station. Walk
past Starbucks and Potbelly then go into the revolving doors on the right.
Security will be on your left.)
 Eisenhower Room
 Washington, DC 20416

*** Please arrive at least 15 minutes early for the sessions because you will
need to go through security and be escorted to the room. Bring a
government-issued ID, such as a driver's license or passport. Also, no beverages
are allowed in the conference room.

If you are interested in attending please email WMADOEE@sba.gov with your full
name, so your security badge will be ready. Please be aware that seating is
limited so you must RSVP!!

For more information please visit: http://www.sba.gov


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 14, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Antitrust: Justice may soften stance on Microsoft and mergers

BYLINE: Paul Davidson

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 370 words

<>
When President-elect George W. Bush takes office next month, his
administration could have a major impact on issues that affect
employers, consumers, investors and workers. In this special report,
USA TODAY reporters examine the issues likely to affect business
and the economy.
<>

Issue: Would a Bush administration take a kinder, gentler
approach toward mergers and business practices that affect competition?

Outlook: Bush-appointed antitrust enforcers will be less
eager to rein in dominant players and be more receptive to mergers.


"The noise coming out of the Bush administration suggests" a
less aggressive posture, says Bill Baer, a former Federal Trade
Commission official with law firm Arnold & Porter.

Microsoft is appealing a federal judge's order to break the company
in two and impose strict curbs on its conduct after ruling it
used its near-monopoly Windows operating system to stifle competition.

"The one thing the Justice Department would not do is simply
abandon the case," says Bill Kovacic of George Washington University
Law School, adding the political fallout would be "extraordinary."

A Bush-led Justice could settle the case on more favorable terms
for Microsoft if a Washington, D.C., appeals court next year overturns
the breakup. Nineteen states vow to take the case to the Supreme
Court if necessary. But a Justice settlement would "make it look
a lot weaker," says Bob Lande of the University of Baltimore
Law School.

A Republican-leaning antitrust team also might be softer on mergers.
Clinton's regulators are requiring Time Warner to open its cable
lines to rival Internet services as a condition of approving its
merger with America Online. Bush appointees "probably would not
be as demanding," Kovacic says. Most observers expect the FTC
to approve the merger today so it would not be affected by the
new administration.

Bush appointees, though, will not take a hands-off view toward
mergers among companies in the same industries. The WorldCom-Sprint
linkup, which Clinton's Justice team blocked, and the Exxon-Mobil
and British Petroleum-Amoco mergers would have gotten similar
treatment under Bush, experts say.



LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday

How do energy policies affect the environment?

BYLINE: Don Fullerton

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 663 words


Recent environmental policy debate has focused on whether to enact new policies
- such as a cap-and trade system - to control greenhouse gas emissions that
contribute to global climate change. The fact is, however, that we already have
policies that affect such emissions, whether we think of them this way or not.
Any policy designed to improve national energy security will likely affect oil
prices - and therefore emissions - just as any policy to encourage alternative
fuels will also affect energy security, electricity prices, consumer welfare,
and the environment.

The real question is not whether to enact climate policy, but whether our
current piecemeal policies are coordinated and rational.

Consider how existing policies are interrelated, using three major examples.

First, several existing policies affect the amount you drive and, therefore,
vehicle emissions. The federal gasoline tax is only 18 cents per gallon, but we
pay an additional 19 cents to Illinois, 5 cents to the City of Chicago, 6 cents
to Cook County, and another 1-cent environmental levy. A tax of 50 cents per
gallon in Chicago is higher than most other cities, but is considerably lower
than in Canada, Australia, and other comparable nations. In fact, the gasoline
tax exceeds $2 per gallon in Japan and most of Europe. As those countries have
learned, a higher tax discourages driving and encourages fuel-efficiency, which
helps reduce urban smog and global warming.

Instead, the U.S. has tended to avoid taxes in favor of mandates and standards.

Cars sold in the U.S. must meet emission-per mile standards for local pollutants
that contribute to ozone. Those rules also indirectly reduce greenhouse gas
emissions. For example, the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards
require each automaker to meet a minimum miles-per-gallon average for all the
cars they sell. Those rules, in turn, affect climate gases.

For another example in a completely different realm, consider the pricing of
electricity to consumers and businesses - a policy choice made by many state and
local public utility commissions.

They are primarily worried about balancing the need for fair pricing and their
bottom line. Although the environment is not their biggest concern, the way
commissions set the price of electricity inevitably affects electricity use and
generation. This affects a host of environmental issues, from coal use to urban
smog to greenhouse gas emissions.

A final example: the Environmental Protection Agency places monitors across the
U.S. to measure National Ambient Air Quality Standards for various local
pollutants such as sulfur dioxide and carbon monoxide. The EPA requires Illinois
and every other state to implement a plan for any county that exceeds maximum
allowed levels. At certain times, Cook County has been deemed out of compliance,
and the state has required restricted operations at certain polluting plants or
devising a plan to reduce vehicle emissions.

Implementing a plan to reduce local pollutants will often also affect greenhouse
gas emissions.

These inter-connections between energy and environmental policies are
unavoidable.

You are a consumer who wants lower gas taxes and lower electricity prices, but
you also may worry about national energy security, the use of our natural
resources, and the quality of our environment.

Highway congestion affects your commute, and urban smog affects your health.

And we will all feel the effects of climate change over time. In the end, we
need to think holistically about energy and environmental policy and act for the
public good.

Don Fullerton is an economist at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
and Institute of Government and Public Aff airs. He is an expert on energy and
environmental policy issues. He once served as deputy assistant secretary in the
U.S. Department of the Treasury.

This column is a part of the institute's "On the Issues" series examining topics
that will shape the Nov. 6 election.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Nearby stores affect home values

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


March 17--Walmart or Target?

The two discount retailers always have presented an interesting shopping choice
for consumers. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is known for having the lowest prices and
Target Corp. for a higher quality mix of merchandise.

But real estate data firm RealtyTrac Inc. said there may be a nonshopping reason
to favor Minneapolis-based Target over its Bentonville, Ark.-based rival: home
values.

An analysis of sales data on 24.2 million homes and condos nationwide shows
that, on average, homes in a ZIP Code containing a Target store appreciated at a
higher rate than those with a Walmart, said RealtyTrac, based in Irvine, Calif.

The study identified 2,652 ZIP Codes in the United States with either a Target
or a Walmart, or in some cases both, then looked at homes that sold in those ZIP
Codes in 2015.

It determined the average median sales price in the ZIP Code when the homes sold
and compared that with the average median sales price at the time the sellers
bought the homes.

What the study found was that "homeowners near a Target have experienced better
home value appreciation since their purchase, but also pay more and have higher
property taxes on average."

Metro Toledo has four Target stores and five Walmarts. The village of Holland is
the only location where both stores, in Spring Meadows Shopping Center, are in
the same ZIP Code.

Among homeowners nationwide who sold their homes in 2015, RealtyTrac said those
in ZIP Codes with Target stores had an average 27 percent increase in home price
since they bought their home. The increase equals an average price gain of
$65,569, the study shows.

Meanwhile, those in ZIP Codes nationwide with a Walmart saw an average 16
percent appreciation and an average price gain of $24,900, the study shows.

RealtyTrac said that homes in a ZIP Code with a Target have an average value of
$307,286, while those in ZIP Codes with a Walmart have an average value of
$178,249.

Homeowners nationally in ZIP Codes with a Target paid an average of $7,001 in
property taxes while those with a Walmart paid an average of $3,146, RealtyTrac
said.

There are some differences locally, mainly because housing sales and values are
subject to a variety of factors, including the recent housing value crunch
brought on by the 2007 recession.

For example, in Holland's 43528 ZIP Code, the home appreciation rate declined 3
percent. In Toledo's 43612 Code, which has a Target store on Alexis Road near
Lewis Avenue, home appreciation fell 59 percent in 2015, which translated to an
average price loss of $23,500.

And in the 43623 ZIP Code, which is where Target's Monroe Street store is, home
appreciation was down 33 percent with an average price loss of $40,000.

Conversely, homes in Perrysburg's 43551 code, where a Walmart is located along
U.S. 20, home appreciation was up 10 percent for an average gain of $17,100. In
Toledo's 43614 code, where a Walmart store is located on Glendale Avenue near
Detroit Avenue, home appreciation was up 12 percent for an average gain of
$8,000.

Pete Shawaker, a commercial Realtor with the Reichle Klein Group of Toledo, said
that whether Target or Walmart have any effect on home appreciation is like the
chicken or the egg argument: Do home values in a neighborhood benefit because a
Target or Walmart is nearby, or did the retailer specifically pick an area to
locate because the demographics of an area better reflect their preferred
customer?

"Retail and residential definitely impact each other," he said. "They won't
happen in a vacuum."

He said Walmart looks at lower income demographics and near freeways or highways
to locate its stores, whereas Target looks to middle-income areas.

Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160317-TO-Nearby-stores-affect-home-values-0317-20160317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 30, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Cancer prognosis promising for Butler

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 801 words


Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Brett Butler is looking forward
to a complete recovery after learning that 49 of 50 lymph nodes
removed from his neck are not cancerous.

Butler, 38, who was diagnosed with tonsil cancer, learned Tuesday
only a thumb-sized node removed May 21 was malignant and the cancer
had not spread to the other 49 nodes removed at the same time.
"Out of the 50 lymph nodes, there was cancer in one, and that
was the big one they took out," Butler said. "The rest -- the
other 49 -- were clear. That is a tremendous sign. That means
it is isolated."


Butler had surgery at Emory Hospital in Atlanta. The cancer was
discovered during a tonsillectomy May 1.

Butler said radiation treatment could be his next hurdle, which
would mean five treatments a week for six weeks, beginning on
or about June 10. There are possible side effects that could have
long-term ramifications.

"Radiation can kill cells," he said. "It not only kills cancer
cells, but others. What it can do is affect my saliva gland. It
could affect them for 18 months. It could affect them indefinitely.
I might not have any saliva the rest of my life."

Despite the challenges facing Butler, he and his doctors have
not ruled out a possible return to baseball this year, although
that seems unlikely. His own prognosis for a return to a normal
lifestyle was much more optimistic.

"Hopefully, everything will come back, and I'll be able to live
a normal life," he said.

HENLEY UPDATE: Former Rams cornerback Darryl Henley used cellular
phones from his jail cell in Los Angeles to put out contracts
on the lives of a judge and a witness against him, said Assistant
U.S. Attorney Marc Harris. The prosecutor said that Henley used
the smuggled cell phones to arrange a $ 1 million drug transfer
from his Orange County, Calif., home to Atlanta and Memphis. Henley,
his uncle and three others were convicted in March 1995 of masterminding
a large-scale cocaine operation to ship drugs from his home. His
arraignment is set for June 17.

SOCCER WOES: The Euro 96 soccer championship continues to attract
unwanted attention. The latest controversy: accusations of child
labor to make Euro 96 soccer balls. The International Confederation
of Free Trade Unions said it has video footage of Pakistani children
as young as 8 producing balls with official Euro 96 logos.

JUST SPONSOR IT: The international track federation (IAAF), shopping
for a sponsor of its Grand Prix circuit, might be striking an
agreement with Nike. Mobil created the circuit and sponsored it
from 1985 through last year. When the IAAF asked the company for
$ 6 million, about three times its financial commitment, Mobil
decided not to renew. IAAF President Primo Nebiolo has visited
Nike headquarters in Beaverton, Ore., and Nike chief Phil Knight
has dined at Nebiolo's Rome home. "We're looking to get involved
to help promote the sport, especially in the U.S.," says Mark
Bossardet, head of Nike's track division.

CHANGE OF HEART? California freshman basketball forward Shareef
Abdur-Rahim has called a news conference in Berkeley, Calif.,
this afternoon, where he is expected to announce he will return
to school for the 1996-97 season. Abdur-Rahim earlier this month
said he was leaving school for the June 26 NBA draft, but he can
take his name out of consideration and return to Cal as long as
he has not signed with an agent. The 6-10 Abdur-Rahim was the
the Pacific 10 Conference Player of the Year, averaging a conference-best
21.1 points and 8.4 rebounds. He was projected as a lottery selection
in the draft. Abdur-Rahim's return would be good news for the
Golden Bears, who have had forward Tremaine Fowlkes and guard
Jelani Gardner transfer since the season ended.

DEADHEAD HOOPS: The Grateful Dead are once again helping to make
the Olympic dreams of the Lithuanian basketball team a reality.
In 1992, the team won a bronze medal in Barcelona, Spain, wearing
shirts adorned with a slam-dunking Dead skeleton. "Our guys were
walking down the street and people were trying to buy their T-shirts
for $ 100-$ 200," said Donn Nelson, an assistant coach with the
Lithuanian team and the Phoenix Suns. In Atlanta, there will be
enough team paraphernalia to go around. "We are already receiving
orders and the line was just launched," said Kimberly Schabot,
director of licensing for Not Fade Away Graphics, a Kingston,
N.Y., company, that is among the firms marketing Dead wear.

TODAY'S QUOTE: "There are so many young players now who just
take it for granted that they belong there. To be honest with
you, I can't even stand to watch it."

-- Retired major leaguer John Kruk, giving his impression of baseball
today.

Compiled by Oscar Dixon

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Andy Kuno, AP; Brett Butler Abdur-Rahim:
Freshman might return to California

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 4, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

RATING BASEBALL'S SIGNINGS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: GIANTS GET ...


WILLIE McGEE, OF
- Age: 32.
- Bats/throws: Both/Right.
- Major leagues: 8 years, 1,193 games, .297 avg. (1,393 hits), 560 RBI, 277 SBs.

- Best season: 1985, named MVP after hitting NL-high .353 with 18 triples, 10
HRs, 82 RBI and 56 SBs with St. Louis.

- HOW IT AFFECTS GIANTS: With Brett Butler a likely new-look free agent, the
Giants had to re-sign Butler or find another center fielder. In McGee, they came
out ahead in every regard. Butler bats left-handed. McGee is a switch-hitter.
Butler is 34. McGee is 32. McGee is better defensively, despite a 16-error 1990
season. McGee is better offensively. He hit .324 combined with St. Louis and
Oakland last year and won the NL batting crown with a .335 mark. He's even
cheaper. Butler wanted four years for $ 15 million, Will Clark-like money.
''We're losing a great player (Butler), but we're gaining a great player, an
impact player,'' said Giants manager Roger Craig.

- HOW IT AFFECTS A'S: They have an increased urgency in re-signing holdover
center fielder Dave Henderson, who can be a second-look free agent. Their other
options would be rookie speedster Darren Lewis or a trade.

BRAVES GET ...
- TERRY PENDLETON, 3B
- Age: 30.
- Bats/throws: Right.
- Major leagues: 7 years, .259 avg., 44 HRs, 442 RBI.
- Best season: 1987, hit .286 with 12 HRs, career-high 96 RBI and 19 SBs in 159
games with St. Louis.

- HOW IT AFFECTS BRAVES: A team that struggled defensively has added a two- time
Gold Glove winner. He'll replace free agent Jim Presley, who slumped badly in
the second half. Pendleton did not have a strong season, batting .230 with six
home runs and 58 RBI in 121 games. He sat out the last month while the Cardinals
gave catcher Todd Zeile a crash course in playing third. But Pendleton will
provide stability by replacing Presley.

- HOW IT AFFECTS CARDINALS: St. Louis has lost another key player from a team
that was as good as any in the 1980s. The Cardinals' commitment to Zeile at
third is solidified.

DODGERS GET ...
- KEVIN GROSS, SP
- Age: 29.
- Bats/throws: Right.
- Major leagues: 8 years, 80-90 with 4.02 ERA in 221 starts.
- Best season: 1985, compiled career-high 15-13 record and 3.41 ERA in 205 2/3
innings with Philadelphia.

- HOW IT AFFECTS DODGERS: They get a long-sought, quality fifth starter. Gross,
30, has always pitched well in Los Angeles. He has superb stuff, but has never
been consistent. The Dodgers would have preferred a left-hander, but none of
quality was deemed affordable. The rotation is now all right- handed.

- HOW IT AFFECTS EXPOS: Little. They'd already tired of Gross and replaced him
in their rotation with left-hander Chris Nabholz. Gross was 11-12 with a 4.38
ERA last season.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Accompanies; MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL; Reds, Mariners try to seal Buhner- Hammond
deal

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 1, 1997, Friday, FIRST EDITION

TRADE ANALYSIS

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 839 words


Reds-Indians

The trade: Cincinnati sends LHP John Smiley and backup infielder
Jeff Branson to Cleveland for RHP Danny Graves, LHP Jim Crowell,
RHP Scott Winchester and infielder Damian Jackson.

What it means to Cleveland: The Indians' starting staff is hurting
because RHP Jack McDowell, RHP Chad Ogea and LHP Brian Anderson
are out with elbow injuries. Smiley, 32, who makes his Indians
debut Saturday at Texas, is a welcome addition, even though he
despises the American League and didn't want to leave Cincinnati.
He joins RHPs Charles Nagy, Orel Hershiser (groin problem), Jaret
Wright and Bartolo Colon in the rotation. Smiley, 4-0 in July,
can be streaky, but when he's on, he dominates. The Indians need
his help in breaking their 4-10 tailspin. In Smiley's other AL
season with the '92 Twins, he was 16-9, allowing two earned runs
in a 32-inning stretch.


What it means to Cincinnati: The Reds were going nowhere in the
NL Central, so it was time to unload Smiley's contract, which
pays him $ 3.75 million a year through 1999. The Reds got a good
crop of young prospects. Graves is a candidate to close with a
sinker, curve and fastball. Crowell is a lefty with location,
and Winchester is a closer (20 saves at Class A) with a slider
and knucklecurve. Jackson is a smooth-fielding infielder who can
play 2B or SS, but SS is his best position.

White Sox-Giants

The trade: Chicago sends LHP Wilson Alvarez and RHPs Roberto Hernandez
and Danny Darwin to San Francisco for six minor leaguers.

How it affects the White Sox: The White Sox were 31/2 games out
of first place in the AL Central when they made the trade. Trading
Alavarez and Hernandez means the White Sox will not have to deal
with the possibility of losing them to free agency -- as they
did pitcher Alex Fernandez last season. Trading DH Harold Baines
was bad enough, but letting three of their best pitchers go to
the Giants says the White Sox are giving up. GM Ron Schueler says
he's excited about getting six of the Giants' minor leaguers,
but by all accounts, the White Sox didn't get any of San Francisco's
top prospects. The best of the bunch might be SS Mike Caruso,
20.

How it affects the Giants: With starters Osvaldo Fernandez and
Pat Rapp on the disabled list and William VanLandingham in the
minors, the Giants, who led the National League West by six games
at the All-Star break, needed starters and relievers. The Giants
were pitching-rich in the first half, but they were down to three
starters and a worn-out bullpen. Fernandez, who had elbow surgery,
is out for the season. Rapp, who came from Florida in an earlier
trade, has a strained rib-cage muscle. Alvarez is among the top
three left-handers in the AL, and all he needs is run support.
Hernandez can devastate. Darwin is surprisingly reliable considering
that he's 41.

A's-Cardinals

The trade: Oakland sends 1B Mark McGwire to St. Louis for RHPs
T.J. Mathews, Eric Ludwick and Blake Stein.

How it affects the A's: There's nothing else the A's could do.
McGwire, 33, one of the game's premier power hitters, is eligible
for free agency after the season, and the rebuilding A's didn't
have the money to sign him. Mathews, 27, Ludwick, 26, and Stein,
24, are hard-throwing right-handers. Mathews and Ludwick could
each be a closer.

How it affects the Cardinals: With Mathews and Ludwick gone, the
Cardinals will need closer prospects. And Dennis Eckersley can't
go forever. The Cardinals, though, had wasted some of the National
League's best pitching because of a lackluster offense. McGwire,
who began his career with Oakland in 1986 and has 363 career home
runs despite injuries in three seasons, certainly will change
all that. The trade reunites McGwire with his former manager from
Oakland, Tony La Russa, and whether McGwire remains in St. Louis
remains to be seen. He's a free agent after the season, and his
son lives in southern California, meaning he might sign with Anaheim.

Mariners-Blue Jays

The trade: Seattle sends OF Jose Cruz Jr. to Toronto for RHP Mike
Timlin and LHP Paul Splojoric.

How it affects the Mariners: The Mariners gambled big-time when
they traded a can't-miss prospect in Cruz for two relievers. But
the Mariners had no choice. Without bullpen help -- Norm Charlton
was the biggest disappointment -- the Mariners would have been
devastated emotionally. Timlin, who throws a hard slider but had
trouble putting batters away after he recorded two strikes, is
inconsistent and might benefit from a new start with another team.
The Blue Jays lost confidence in Timlin, and he lost his closer
job to Kelvim Escobar. Spoljaric is dependable but nothing sensational.

How it affects the Blue Jays: The Blue Jays are deep in relief
pitchers, so they can afford to lose Timlin and Spoljaric. The
emergence of hard-throwing Escobar made Timlin expendable. The
Blue Jays got a bargain for one of the best outfield prospects
in baseball. Cruz can do it all.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             July 18, 2006 Tuesday

Closure will affect 60th Avenue N.W.

BYLINE: Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 96 words


Jul. 18--A part of 60th Avenue Northwest in Rochester will be closed July 25 to
allow a construction company to make a water service connection.

The closure will affect the part of 60th Avenue between 51st and 55th streets.
Elcor Construction is performing the work.

Copyright (c) 2006, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060718-RC-0718-Closure-will-affect-60th-Avenue-N-W

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2006 Post-Bulletin


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                             Fremont Bancorporation

                            39150 Fremont Boulevard
                                 Fremont 94538
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Fremont Bancorporation is a bank holding company, which offers banking and
financial products and services. Strong market recognition and broad portfolio
of products and services are the key strengths of the bank, even as its
geographic concentration remains a major concern area. Going forward,
fluctuation in interest rates, increase in compliance costs and changing
regulations may affect the bank's performance. However, growing the US card
payments channel, positive outlook for life insurance market in the US, growing
US economy, and strategic initiatives will present ample growth opportunities
for the bank.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PORTFOLIO OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES


Fremont Bancorporation's broad product and service portfolio enables it to
enhance its scalability to cater to the distinctive requirements of its
clientele. The bank offers a range of banking and financial products and
services. It offers products such as saving accounts, deposit accounts, checking
account, credit cards, debit cards, personal loans, home loans, student loans,
business loans and commercial real estate loans. It also offers life insurance
solutions to its customers. The service portfolio of the bank includes wealth
management, investment services, real estate planning, retirement planning, fund
transfer solutions, corporate financing, overdraft services and online banking
services. Such a broad product and service portfolio help the bank to drive its
top line.

STRONG MARKET RECOGNITION


The bank's strong market recognition helps it to attract and retain a huge
customer base. Fremont Bancorporation is a provider of banking and financial
products and services to individual and corporate clients of the US. The bank
was honored with several awards by some of the reputed organizations in FY2014
and FY2015. For instance, in 2015, the bank was recognized as the Top Workplaces
by Bay Area News Group. Earlier, in 2014, the bank was named as the best
employee satisfaction bank by Workplace Dynamics. In addition, the bank was
named in the 'Top 75 Corporate Philanthropists in the Greater Bay Area' by the
San Francisco Business Times. Such market recognitions and awards provide the
bank a competitive edge over its peers in industry.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Fremont Bancorporation's dependence on select region for its revenues may affect
its business operations, if the region experiences any political and economic
change. The bank conducts its operations mainly in California, the US. Limited
geographic presence increases the business risks of the bank. This also acts as
an obstacle for the expansion plans of the bank, as wider reach in terms of
geography would mean reaping more benefits, eventually improving the profit
margins, attaining economies of scale and recognition on a worldwide basis.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING US ECONOMY


The bank stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US stood
at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. This is likely to
increase the country's spending on financial solutions, which in turn will
increase the demand for financial products and services in the US. As a provider
of financial products and services in the US, Fremont Bancorporation is well
positioned to benefit from the growing economy.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT IN THE US


The bank may benefit from the growing trend witnessed in the life insurance
segment in the US. According to in-house report, the life insurance segment in
the US is expected to reach US$731.6 billion in 2018. Individual whole life,
term life, group whole life, and endowment insurance categories are expected to
reach US$138.8 billion, US$74.3 billion, US$52.7 billion, and US$113 billion,
respectively, at the end of 2018. The growth in life insurance segment will be
supported by growing aging population, reducing unemployment and rises in GDP
and income levels. Fremont Bancorporation, a provider of life insurance products
in the US will get benefit from such positive outlook.

GROWING THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The bank stands to benefit from the growing US cards and payments channel.
According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US cards and
payments channel is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019. In terms of value,
the channel is forecast to reach US$7,593.9 billion in 2019. Growth could result
from growing economic conditions, an increase in disposable income and the
popularity of mobile commerce and online retail. As a result, the market offers
huge growth opportunities to banks and non-banking card issuers. As a provider
of debit and credit cards in the US, Fremont Bancorporation is well placed to
tap this opportunity.

STRATEGIC INITIATIVES


The bank's strategic initiatives to adopt secure payment technology will
increase the card usage. In this direction, during October 2015, the bank
entered into an agreement with MasterCard, under which MasterCard will issue
chip technology based debit cards to the bank's customers. Earlier, in July
2015, the bank upgraded its ATM network with the latest technology to accept
chip-enabled debit and credit cards. The bank's these initiatives will lower the
card frauds, which in turn will encourage people to use their cards for online
payments and at POS terminals.


THREATS:


INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Rising compliance costs are expected to increase further and may adversely
affect the bank's operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased
compliance costs and additional regulations. The compliance burden on banks has
probably been increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future
crises. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors
Group, the Institute of International Finance, and the US Treasury have issued
reports reflecting the changes in the regulatory process and risk management
practices. The Federal Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage
origination to guard consumers. This would result in enhanced regulatory
environment and exert extra pressure on banks, which are already working on
improving their own governance processes.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The bank's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the bank's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the bank's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the bank's business performance. Increase
in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets, including
bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing interest rates
may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the fee income
that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may adversely
affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and
leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of
income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond its
control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the bank as its income and investment returns depend on the level
of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Thousands of protesters coordinate port blockade

BYLINE: By Cecily Burt, cburt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 706 words


Thousands of Occupy protesters on Monday descended in two waves at the Port of
Oakland, disrupting operations at several terminals as part of the movement's
planned West Coast port blockade from Southern California to Anchorage, Alaska,
and Vancouver, British Columbia. The protesters' numbers were smaller than the
massive march that shut down the Oakland port during the Nov. 2 general strike,
but they remained highly effective.

The morning blockade caused the closure or partial closure of four of the port's
seven marine terminals, including SSA, TTI/Hanjin, PortsAmerica and TraPac. No
vessels were loaded or unloaded Monday during the morning or evening shift, and
aside from the Howard Terminal, where containers were being moved around the
yard at 7 p.m., most terminals were largely deserted for the night shift.

"We have to do something. All we have are numbers. We don't have money or
power," said Melanie Hagerman, 34, of Oakland, who protested outside the TTI
terminal with a few thousand others who were discussing whether to prolong the
action into Tuesday morning.

Throughout the day, up and down the coast, protesters picketed gates, beat drums
and carried signs such as "Shutdown Wall St. on the Waterfront," "We are the 99
percent" and "Let's go Oakland." There were two arrests in Oakland, but no major
clashes with police. In Seattle, however, the Associated Press reported that
police used flash-bang grenades to disperse crowds.

Monday's action comes six weeks after a Nov. 2 general strike launched by Occupy
Oakland drew thousands of protesters that shut down the port overnight. Oakland
port blockade organizers said they sought to cut into the profits of the
corporations that run the shipping companies and marine terminals, though it was
not immediately clear what Monday's action had cost the port.

Neither the Teamsters union nor the International Longshore and Warehouse Union
sanctioned the strike, and representatives from the organizations are on record
as saying the shutdown hurts low-paid truck drivers and blue-collar workers who
are anything but the 1 percent.

And hurt the drivers it did, as long lines of big rigs sat idle outside closed
gates at several terminals all day Monday. Only Howard Terminal (Matson) and
Global Gateway Center Terminal (APL) were unaffected.

Lee Ranaldson and student driver Rick Parker had driven from Kansas with a
refrigerated container of meat bound for Asia. They arrived at the TTI/Hanjin
terminal at 8 a.m. and they were still parked there Monday night, first in line.
As an independent contractor, the time spent waiting is money lost and not
recovered.

"I really don't know what they're protesting for," Ranaldson said.

Thousands of protesters marched to the port Monday night and posted themselves
outside the TTI/Hanjin, TraPac and SSA terminals.

Unlike the Occupy protesters, who claimed victory for shutting down the
terminals, port officials in Oakland painted a different picture, opting to
report instead that the protest affected operations during the morning shift but
did not completely close the port.

The protest began about 5:45 a.m., when demonstrators began a march from the
West Oakland BART station to the port. No violence or injuries were reported,
but there were tense moments when police officers in riot gear showed up.

About 7:30 a.m., the port released a statement that "maritime operations
continue at the port with sporadic disruptions for truckers trying to enter and
exit marine terminal gates."

In an appeal Sunday, Oakland Mayor Jean Quan issued a letter to protesters,
telling them that shutting down the port could cost workers wages and affect the
ability of the port to attract business in the future.

"What is the target in this action? Who will it really hurt?" Quan wrote in her
letter.

"The Port of Oakland is not the home of the 1 percent. Rather, it generates over
73,000 jobs in the region and is connected to more than 800,000 jobs across the
country. It is one of the best sources of good paying blue-collar jobs left in
our city," Quan wrote.

Staff writers Robert Salonga, Angela Woodall, Paul Thissen, Paul Rosynsky, and
Harry Harris contributed to this report. Contact Cecily Burt at 510 208-6441.
Follow her at Twitter.com/csburt .

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to
the Port of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a
general strike coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a general
strike coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2 hundreds
are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los Angeles,
San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the demonstration.
(Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Alameda County Sheriff in riot gear stand by a truck
waiting to enter as protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port of
Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Alameda County Sheriff officer in riot gear stands
watch as protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port of Oakland on
December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a general strike coordinated
by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2 hundreds are expected to
affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los Angeles, San Diego,
Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the demonstration. (Photo by
Kimberly White/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             April 6, 2007, Friday

Warming's biggest wallop aimed at wildlife, not people

BYLINE: Peter N. Spotts Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1001 words


Global warming will affect societies around the world through more prolonged
droughts, more intense rains and flooding, changes in the timing of seasonal
rainfall and snowmelt, and a projected increase in the spread of animal- and
insect-borne diseases, scientists say.

But it will affect plant and animal species even more dramatically. A shift in
climate zones could lead to extinction of some species and the spread of others,
according to a report set to be released Friday by the Intergovernmental Panel
on Climate Change.

In turn, many of these ecological shifts will affect humans, writes Chris Field,
founding director of the Carnegie Institution's department of global ecology at
Stanford University, in an e-mail from the IPCC talks in Brussels. "A large
fraction of the impacts of climate change on people are transmitted through
ecosystems."

If the average temperature rises by 1.8 degrees C (3.2 degrees F.) by the end of
this century - the low end of the IPCC's projected range - it would still be
possible to set up preserves and maintain almost all of the planet's major
ecosystems and the species they contain, says Camille Parmesan, a biologist at
the University of Texas in Austin. But if temperatures rise much higher than
that, "We're going into a realm Earth hasn't seen for a very long time. Most of
the species we have on Earth did not evolve under that warmer climate."

Already, the global climate has warmed an average of 0.7 degrees C during the
20th century, she notes. So far, the ecological changes have been relatively
benign.

What's worrisome is if heat-trapping greenhouse-gas emissions continue to
accumulate under the IPCC's "business as usual" scenario, says John Williams,
who studies plant dynamics at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. If that
happens, up to 48 percent of Earth's land surface will lose existing climate
zones, he and two colleagues recently calculated.

That loss is at the cold ends of the spectrum - largely toward the poles and at
high altitudes in the tropics. At the same time, some 12 to 39 percent of the
planet will see hotter - or what the team calls "novel" - climate zones.

How novel? The prolonged drought the US Southwest has experienced is probably
not temporary, says an international team of scientists. Instead, it's likely to
be a manifestation of the northward expansion of a belt of subtropical, dry
climate conditions. If the team's projections are correct, the Southwest's
average climate conditions will be just as dry as the drought or the Dust Bowl.
The team's results appear in Friday's issue of the journal Science's online
service.

Not all effects will be harmful, many experts agree. High latitudes would
experience a longer growing season. And increased carbon-dioxide concentrations
in the atmosphere have stimulated plant growth worldwide - at least for now.

But such effects have their limits. Researchers have found that if water and
soil nutrients available to trees, shrubs, and grasses don't keep pace with
rising CO2, plant growth will stall as plants get too much of a usually good
thing.

Even when plants take up lots of CO2 in the spring, they throttle back in the
summer if conditions heat up and dry out. Such conditions are expected to cover
broad swaths of Earth's landscape. This essentially cancels the effects of the
spring uptake.

There may be other, more subtle effects. Researchers at the University of New
Hampshire, for example, have found that trees, which emit hydrocarbons
naturally, give off more hydrocarbons as CO2 levels rise. Scientists already
have shown that these hydrocarbons, when mixed with nitrogen-based gases from
coal-fired power plants, can contribute smog and tiny aerosol particles to
already polluted urban air. The New Hampshire group is now trying to see what
impact these additional hydrocarbons may have on air quality.

In general, "With the small climate change we've already had, 59 percent of the
world's species have shown a response - on all continents, in all major oceans,
and across taxonomic groups," says Dr. Parmesan. Some 70 species have become
extinct, largely at the poles or on mountaintops, where cold-adapted organisms
have no place left to go as warmth creeps into higher latitudes and altitudes.
Others, such as polar bears, are threatened. In other cases, rising CO2 levels
are forcing organisms into a new regime where they have to compete for
resources. In California, for example, researchers have found that higher CO2
levels have delayed flowering in some wild grasses but accelerated it in wild
herbs that share the same turf. This is forcing the plants to compete directly
for nutrients - ultimately changing the character of the ecosystem.

In the oceans, researchers are noting shifts in fish migration patterns.
Coral-reef bleaching remains a concern, but its connection to global warming is
still somewhat contentious, notes Chris Langdon, a marine scientist at the
University of Miami's Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science.
Measurements don't go back far enough in time to see if bleaching events are any
more frequent than in the past.

But ocean acidification, a byproduct of rising CO2 levels in the air, is far
more straightforward. It threatens a range of organisms - from tiny
shell-forming plankton to reefs themselves. Some researchers say the changes in
ocean chemistry from human CO2 emissions are expected to last from tens of
thousands to hundreds of thousands of years, until natural buffering can take
hold.

With some care and feeding, however, some ecosystems may be able to retain their
resilience in the face of changes expected from global warming. Researchers at
Duke University have found, for example, that if rates of sea-level rise remain
relatively low, tidal marshes build themselves to keep pace, continuing to
provide a buffer against storm surge and serving as a nursery for marine life.

"Marshes are not necessarily doomed," says Matt Kirwan, who led the study.

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Male infertility can be sign of serious health problem

BYLINE: Erin Ellis, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Male infertility should be taken as a sign of bigger health problems, says an
international expert.

Dr. Paul Turek, who runs clinics in San Francisco and Los Angeles, says men are
typically reluctant to get medical help but infertility might get them through
the doctor's office door. Once they arrive, he finds they're less healthy than
the average man for a host of reasons.

"Stress can affect your heart, it can affect your sex drive, it can affect your
erection. But men aren't going to go in if it affects their heart because they
don't feel it. They're going to go in if they don't have good erections or a
good sex drive," he said Friday in an telephone interview from San Francisco.

"We're learning that men with low sperm count are just plain unhealthier than
men with normal sperm counts and men with infertility tend to die sooner."

Some of the reasons behind this are factors men can change.

"The influence of lifestyle choices is becoming more apparent as a cause of
infertility. We published on hot tubs (lowering sperm count through excessive
heat), but certainly steroids - use or abuse - medications, social drug use and
lots of other things can affect fertility and, over time, affect health."

Low or no sperm count has been linked to higher risk of prostate cancer in a
number of studies, including work from Turek's clinic. The exact reason behind
this connection is unknown.

Even mechanical causes of infertility - not being able to have an erection, for
instance - are linked to cardiac illness.

"We've known for 10 years now that if you have organic problems with an erection
in your 40s, your risk of heart disease and heart attack is twice as high as a
guy who doesn't have that problem. The risk is the same as if you were a smoker
or someone in your family has a history of heart disease."

Sperm counts can be a biomarker of health, Turek says, and a factor men should
consider in trying to improve their overall well-being.

Known causes of low sperm count are smoking, excessive alcohol, being
overweight, use of steroids and recreational drugs and overheating the
testicles. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

BioMarker Pharmaceuticals, Inc (California) applies for US Patent titled as
"NUTRIENT COMBINATIONS FOR AFFECTING AN AGING PROCESS"

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150104393 for US Patent, published on April 16, 2015, by BioMarker
Pharmaceuticals, Inc (California), titled as "NUTRIENT COMBINATIONS FOR
AFFECTING AN AGING PROCESS" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Zhao-Wilson; Xi; (Los Gatos, CA)

Assignee: BioMarker Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
San Jose
CA
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
composition comprising an effective amount of a combination of mitochondrial
nutrients sufficient to affect mitochondrial function. A method of affecting an
aging process in a subject comprising administering to a subject an effective
amount of a combination of mitochondrial nutrients sufficient to affect an aging
process. A method of identifying a combination of mitochondrial nutrients
sufficient to affect an aging process in a subject, the method comprising:
administering a combination of mitochondrial nutrients to a subject; and
determining whether the mitochondrial nutrients affect an aging process in the
subject."


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Learn How Employment Regulations May Affect Your Business with New FASA
Video-on-Demand

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Subcontractors Association has issued the following news
release:



 With ever-changing employment regulations, such as immigration and healthcare
reform, employers are faced with challenging screening and hiring practices.





 In the new video-on-demand from the Foundation of the American Subcontractors
Association, "Employment Law Changes and How They Affect Screening and Hiring
Practices," Jamie M. Hasty, vice president, SESCO Management Consultants,
Richmond, Va., identifies changes in employment law and explains how those
changes may affect employers of all sizes.



 Hasty discusses immigration reform and potential E-Verify requirements,
healthcare reform requirements and how to apply changes, screening and hiring
practices for prospective employees, and changes needed for current and/or
grandfathered employees.



 She also discusses changes that may affect subcontractors' organizations and
areas of liability, and shares practice tips for subcontractors to remain in
compliance with all of the regulations.



 "Employment Law Changes and How They Affect Screening and Hiring Practices"
(Item #8084) is $65 for ASA members and $95 for nonmembers. Order online. This
and other on-demand videos are available through FASA's Contractors' Knowledge
Depot.



 FASA was established in 1987 as a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt entity to support
research, education and public awareness. Through its Contractors' Knowledge
Network, FASA is committed to forging and exploring the critical issues shaping
subcontractors and specialty trade contractors in the construction industry.
FASA provides subcontractors and specialty trade contractors with the tools,
techniques, practices, attitude and confidence they need to thrive and excel in
the construction industry.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, NC)

                            January 17, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Thinking of how we're connected

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 344  words


In 1964, while incarcerated in a Birmingham, Ala., jail, Martin Luther King Jr.
wrote that, "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught
in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny.
Whatever affects one directly, affects all indirectly."

And so it is here, in this community. When we talk about how different groups of
students are doing in our local schools, it affects us all even if we do not
have students in our local schools. When we ponder where to construct a home for
those who have no home, it affects us all, even if it is not our neighborhood
under discussion.

When we talk about cleaning our air, preserving our green space, offering equal
opportunities, keeping neighborhoods safe, merging our schools, and much, much
more, it affects us all.

Despite our growth over the last few decades, despite our burgeoning new
developments, we are still comparatively small, a community crisscrossed by
relationships. Even more deeply, perhaps, than King intended, we still remain
connected. And we must remain connected.

This Martin Luther King Jr. Day of 2005 comes near the end of a bitter, divisive
struggle fought, in fact, over King's name. It was a struggle over what some saw
as a trivial matter -- the renaming of a local road. To others, it couldn't have
been more significant. The battle revealed, at least to those who were not
previously aware of it, the deep racial fault lines within the community.

But it also indicated to us that principle of interconnectedness, that network
of mutuality that governs how we live. It showed us how very much we need to
make progress in understanding that "single garment of destiny."

There is no precise road map that leads us to that understanding. But the
starting point must be a recognition there is work that needs to be done.

Today, therefore, can be more than a federal holiday that allows us all to do a
little extra shopping or sleep a little later. On this Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, we can at least start thinking about how we're all in this together.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday

BART riders in no rush to pay proposed peak fares

BYLINE: By Janis Mara Staff Writer

SECTION: COMMUTING; News

LENGTH: 836 words


BART rider Elaine Findley is angry and she doesn't care who knows it.

"I'm really, really frustrated with BART," the Richmond resident said this week
at BART's Ashby station in Berkeley. "Are we being punished for going to work at
a certain time?"

Findley, who rides BART to Ashby and transfers to a shuttle bus four days a
week, was referring to a BART proposal to introduce higher fares and parking
fees during rush hour as soaring ridership threatens to strain the system at
peak commute times.

BART riders   the mild-mannered, the meek and the militant   almost all agreed
that this is, to put it mildly, a bad idea.

Leaping to his feet from a seat on the platform bench, John Busher of Berkeley
said, "No. People ride during commute hours not because they want to, but
because they have to."

Boarding a train at the Pleasant Hill station, Kelly Martinez added, "The
economy is in terrible shape. For most people, the foremost thing is keeping a
job. If it costs more to get to work, it'll be even rougher on them."

High gas prices, traffic jams and concerns about the environment have driven
commuters to BART stations in record numbers. Just a week earlier, BART hit an
all-time ridership high of about 405,000 passengers thanks to commuters and the
Raiders and Giants both playing home games on Sept. 8.

BART is averaging 370,000 riders per day, about 15,000 more than a year ago,
which would seem to be cause for celebration.

However, the system seems to have snatched a public-relations defeat with
consideration of "congestion pricing," or charging more during peak demand
periods.

Joe Habich of El Cerrito was waiting for a train into San Francisco at the
MacArthur station in Oakland on Monday.

"They finally got what they wanted   increased ridership," Habich said. "And now
they're going to shoot themselves in the foot."

Surging ridership is moving the system toward capacity faster than a BART train
hurtling through the Transbay Tube, engineers say. Congestion pricing is
possibly the best way to get riders to take trains later or earlier than rush
hour, according to consultant Jeffrey Tumlin, who told the BART board last week,
"It is very effective."

Actual commuters differ. Strongly.

"I have to be at work at a certain time, five days a week. I can't spread it
out," said Brendan Fitzgerald of Emeryville, who takes the Emery Go Round
shuttle bus to the MacArthur station, where he catches BART into San Francisco.

Fitzgerald, a recruiter for a hospital staffing agency, works 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
weekdays.

"If I had the choice, I would go at noncommute hours, but I have to be at work
to cover a certain time period. I understand the demands of my workplace," said
Cathy Torres, who commutes from Daly City to work at UC Berkeley as a public
health practice coordinator.

"Those who would benefit (from congestion pricing) would be those who can afford
to flex their time   the higher-paid workers," Torres said. "Those who are
9-to-5, minimum-wage workers would have to pay the higher rate. They have no
choice."

Saili Kulkarni of Oakland is one of those who have no choice. The special
education teacher at Garfield Elementary in Fremont rides her bike to the
MacArthur BART station, then takes the train to work.

"It's not fair. It's biased against the people commuting in the morning,"
Kulkarni said.

The system chokes up worst at the Embarcadero and Montgomery stations in San
Francisco, where commuters   many of them from the East Bay   flood the
stations' escalators, staircases, elevators and platforms.

The two-year surge in ridership may soon bring these stations to capacity
limits, planners fear.

However, on Monday morning about 8 a.m., the Montgomery station, while crowded,
didn't seem out of control. Well-defined lines of commuters moved up the
escalators after getting off inbound trains.

Kimberly Wong of Oakland said she is generally a fan of BART, but not of the new
plan.

"It's definitely not a good idea," said Wong, who regularly takes the train to
Concord.

Some commuters said they feared a possible surcharge would discourage commuters
from taking BART.

"I wouldn't want it to make people get back in their cars. That would be
terrible," said Sarah Brann of Berkeley, who works as a court reporter in San
Francisco.

Planners say congestion pricing works well for some big-city commuter-rail
systems, including the Metro in Washington, D.C. The Washington Metropolitan
Area Transit Authority, or WMATA, has had different peak and off-peak fares
since its system opened in 1976.

"If you're used to it being like that from the beginning, it's not like
something new. It's not like we imposed it on people," said Taryn McNeil, a
WMATA spokeswoman.

BART would probably score more points with the public if it provided discounts
for off-peak travel rather than surcharges for peak commutes, commuters said.

"Incentives are far more likely to succeed than penalties," Torres said.

Janis Mara can be reached at 925-952-2671 or jmara@bayareanewsgroup.com . Check
out her Energy Blog at www.ibabuzz.com/energy .

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Saili Kulkarni of Oakland awaits a Fremont bound train at the MacArthur
BART station in Oakland, Calif., on Monday, September 15, 2008. Possible changes
to commute fares and services would affect people like Kulkarni, who commutes on
BART to her job as a special education teacher. (Kristopher Skinner/ Contra
Costa Newspapers)
Christopher Smith of Oakland queues up for a San Francisco bound train at the
MacArthur BART station in Oakland, Calif., on Monday, September 15, 2008.
Possible changes to commute fares and services would affect regular commuters
like Smith. (Kristopher Skinner/ Contra Costa Newspapers)
Brendan Fitzgerald of Emeryville reads the paper as he rides BART in Oakland,
Calif., on Monday, September 15, 2008. Possible changes to commute fares and
services would affect regular commuters like Fitzgerald. (Kristopher Skinner/
Contra Costa Newspapers)
Kimberly Wong of Oakland rides the train from the Ashby station in Berkeley,
Calif., on Monday, September 15, 2008. Possible changes to commute fares and
services would affect people like Wong, who commutes to Concord everyday on
BART. (Kristopher Skinner/ Contra Costa Newspapers)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2014 Saturday

Contract change could affect staffing at Coastal Carolina Regional Airport

BYLINE: Sue Book, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


Aug. 23--A contract change is coming for passenger services on Delta Air Lines
flights in and out of Coastal Carolina Regional Airport that raises concerns for
some local employees.

The change in the service provider for a variety of services, from passenger
check-in and baggage check, to loading and boarding, goes into effect near the
end October.

Piedmont Airlines Inc., based in Salisbury, Maryland, has had the contract to
handle those services for both U.S. Airways and Delta since 2010.

All employees handling the passenger service work at Coastal Carolina have been
trained to do the work for both airlines.

Since that time, however, US Airways Group and American Airlines, based in Fort
Worth, Texas, have merged. US Airways will now call the company The New American
and slowly convert its assorted operation names.

Piedmont is also the operator of US Airways Express, a wholly owned subsidiary
of U.S. Airways/The New American, and will continue to provide those services
for passengers on the seven US Airways flights a day.

Officials for Delta, based in Atlanta, Ga., will use their own staff to provide
the services for its two to four flights a day from New Bern to Atlanta.

Passengers will probably not be affected, but employees, who were advised of the
change last week, are worried there they will not have a job -- or at least not
a full-time job -- under the new arrangement.

With the change about two months away, details are not finalized.

Some close to the situation say the change could actually mean more jobs at the
airport, but corporate communications representatives for both airline companies
would not provide information when contacted, and employees are reluctant to
talk.

This is the business of the two airlines and does not fall under the control or
supervision of Coastal Carolina Airport Authority or its employees, so no
definitive information could be provided by airport officials, either.

Sue Book can be reached at 252-635-5665.

___ (c)2014 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140823-NS-Contract-change-could-affect
-staffing-at-Coastal-Carolina-Regional-Airport-0823-20140823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2014 Sun Journal


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Weather affects some Huntsville flights

BYLINE: Eric Fleischauer, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 141 words


Feb. 03--Snow and ice in other parts of the nation has caused some flight
cancellations at Huntsville International Airport.

Some flights to and from Dallas-Ft. Worth were canceled as a result of an ice
storm there. Snow storms in Chicago and Detroit also resulted in cancellations.

"Affected passengers should contact their airline to alter their reservations,"
Huntsville International spokesperson Laura Gipson said today.

Travelers can find updated flight information at www.flyhuntsville.com.

Eric Fleischauer

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2011, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110203-DD-BRF-Weather-affects-some-Huntsville-flights-0203-20110203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 6, 1998, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

GTE PUTS ITS RURAL LINES UP FOR SALE;
MISSOURI, ILLINOIS TOWNS AFFECTED

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. C9

LENGTH: 417 words


GTE Corp. wants to sell or trade 1.6 million phone lines in places like St.
Elmo, Ill., and Humansville, Mo.

The giant phone company's plan to sell about 7 percent of its 21.5 million lines
affects telephone customers in dozens of small communities in Missouri, Illinois
and 11 other states.

GTE plans to keep its properties in fast-growing communities such as western St.
Charles County, Columbia and Branson, Mo. But it will sell or trade 111,000
phone lines in 105 of the 206 Missouri communities it serves. The list includes
places such as Potosi, Eminence, Macon and Palmyra. The communities have about a
quarter of the 418,000 lines GTE serves in the state.

About 143 of GTE's 1,800 Missouri employees would be affected by the sale. In
Illinois, GTE will sell 103,807 lines in 108 of about 450 communities it serves.
The lines to be sold represent nearly 12 percent of GTE's 881,000 lines in
Illinois. The sale affects customers in Jerseyville, Kampsville and Bunker Hill
in the Metro East area. The sale will affect about 97 GTE employees in Illinois.

GTE wants to sell all of its lines in Alaska, Arkansas, Arizona, Iowa,
Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico and Oklahoma. The company will sell some of its
exchanges in California, Texas and Wisconsin as well.

GTE, based in Stamford, Conn., had been planning to sell the properties since
April. The sale isn't related to GTE's plan to merge with Bell Atlantic, a deal
that was announced July 28.

GTE spokesman Richard Shoemaker said the phone company wants to put more focus
on its 50 largest markets. The company hopes the sale will raise between $ 2
billion and $ 3 billion that can be used in other parts of GTE's business.

"The offering of these properties for sale or trade is consistent with GTE's
strategic objectives and has generated a great deal of interest from other
telephone service providers," said John Appel, president of GTE Network
Services.

More than 200 potential bidders who have already expressed interest will soon
receive letters providing more details about the exchanges that will be sold.
GTE wants to reach agreements to sell the properties by the middle of next year
and complete the sales late next year or in 2000.

"Preference will be given to bidders whose proposals involve purchasing or
trading an entire regional cluster," Appel said. "We will also consider
proposals for individual states within those clusters, but it is unlikely that
we will accept offers for individual exchanges."

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 2, 2011 Wednesday

BRIEF: Blizzard affects some flights out of Fayetteville

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 143 words


Feb. 02--The blizzard has resulted in flight cancellations at Fayetteville
Regional Airport, officials said.

An American Eagle flight that was scheduled to arrive from Dallas-Fort Worth
around 3:15 p.m. is cancelled, as is a scheduled departure of the same aircraft
back to Dallas around 3:50 p.m.

Scheduled flights to Atlanta and Charlotte on Delta and US Airways operators do
not appear to be affected, said an airport official.

American Eagle operates two flights a day between Dallas and Fayetteville.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110202-FY-BRF-Blizzard-affects
-some-flights-out-of-Fayetteville-0202-20110202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 9, 2004, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Weekend trades

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 491 words

Cardinals-Rockies

St. Louis receives . . .

* OF Larry Walker

* Cash considerations

Colorado receives . . .

* RHP Jason Burch

(at Class A Peoria, Ill.)

 * Two players to be named

* How it affects the Cardinals: After four months of constant change in the
outfield, Walker, a three-time National League batting champion, provides
stability. He'll play right field, moving Reggie Sanders to left, with Jim
Edmonds in center. The Cardinals have had eight left fielders and six right
fielders this season. With Walker, the Cardinals answer the rival Chicago Cubs'
acquisition of shortstop Nomar Garciaparra. Injuries are a concern for Walker,
38 in December, but his left-handed bat improves an already intimidating
offense. A groin muscle injury limited him to 38 games with the Rockies. Walker
won the 1997 NL MVP for the Rockies and has seven Gold Gloves as well as a .315
career average. He turned down possible trades to Texas and Florida this season.
While he will help the offense, the key to the Cardinals' postseason will be
their pitching.


* How it affects the Rockies: Letting go of Walker, who was the Rockies' most
prominent player after joining the team in 1995, was a financial move, giving
them more financial flexibility to rebuild. The Rockies, whose last winning
season was 82-80 in 2000, agreed to pay $8.5 million of the $17.5 million left
on Walker's contract. The Rockies will get three minor league players for
Walker, Class A RHP Jason Burch and two yet to be named. Walker's departure
opens the door for prospect Matt Holliday and gives the Rockies money to build a
pitching staff by signing RHPs Jason Jennings and Shawn Chacon and LHP Joe
Kennedy, all of whom are eligible for salary arbitration after the season.


Cleveland receives . . .

* 1B/DH Josh Phelps

Toronto receives . . .

* 1B Eric Crozier

(at Class AAA Buffalo)

 * How it affects the Indians: The rebuilding Indians might be a surprise
contender in the American League Central, and Phelps gives them the right-handed
bat their lineup needed. Phelps will be used at DH while fitting into the
first-base mix with Travis Hafner and lefty-swinging Ben Broussard. The Indians
are excited about Phelps' .305 lifetime average against left-handed pitchers.
Phelps, 26, who hit 20 home runs last season for Toronto, was the Blue Jays'
regular DH this season but didn't hit well and lost playing time. He is an ideal
pickup for the Indians. He can help them this season, but the Indians can also
use the next two months to determine if they want keep Phelps long term.

 * How it affects the Blue Jays: Crozier, a power-hitting outfielder/first
baseman who turns 26 Aug. 11, gives the Blue Jays some much-needed power in the
upper levels of their minor league system. He might get a chance in the big
leagues come September. The Blue Jays say he's, at worst, half a year away from
being ready to help the Blue Jays.

LOAD-DATE: August 09, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Pharmaceuticals Commonly Detected in Small Streams in the
Southeastern United States

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Geological Survey has issued the following news release:



 Pharmaceuticals are widespread in small streams in the Southeast, according to
a new study by the U.S. Geological Survey. In 2014, the USGS sampled 59 small
streams in portions of Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and
Virginia for 108 different pharmaceutical compounds and detected one or more
pharmaceuticals in all 59 streams. The average number of pharmaceuticals
detected in the streams was six.





 Previous research indicated that wastewater treatment facility discharges were
the most likely source for pharmaceutical chemicals in surface water. However,
the findings in this study, reported in the journal Environmental Science and
Technology Letters, indicate other sources as well - only 17 of the 59 streams
have any reported wastewater discharges.



 "The widespread occurrence of pharmaceuticals in these small streams
irrespective of wastewater discharges indicates the need for approaches for
preventing pharmaceutical contamination that extend beyond effluent treatment,"
said Paul Bradley, a USGS research hydrologist and the lead author of the study.
"Sources of pharmaceuticals to these small streams likely include aging sewer
infrastructure and leakage from septic systems."The most common pharmaceutical
chemicals detected are:



     Metformin: Used to treat Type II diabetes, this chemical was detected in 89
percent of samples

     Lidocaine: Used as a pain reliever, this chemical was detected in 38
percent of samples

     Acetaminophen: Used as a pain reliever, this chemical was detected in 36
percent of samples

     Carbamazepine: Used to treat seizures, this chemical was detected in 28
percent of samples

     Fexofenadine: Used as an anti-histamine, this chemical was detected in 23
percent of samples

     Tramadol: An opioid pain reliever, this chemical was detected in 22 percent
of samples



 Although much uncertainty remains as to how pharmaceuticals affect aquatic
organisms, some adverse effects have been documented. Antibiotic/antibacterial
contaminants - detected in at least 20 percent of streams - can affect aquatic
microbial communities, altering the base of the food web. Antihistamines,
frequently detected in this study, affect neurotransmitters for many aquatic
insects. And metformin, nearly ubiquitous in the streams studied, can affect the
reproductive health of fish.



 The chemicals with the highest concentrations are those listed above, but none
exceeded human health benchmarks. In addition to the individual chemicals
listed, the two groups of compounds most frequently detected were
nicotine-related compounds (71 percent of samples) and caffeine-related
compounds (detected in 49 percent of samples).



 This study is one of several regional stream-quality assessments by the USGS
National Water Quality Assessment (NAWQA) Project. Findings will provide the
public and policy-makers with information regarding which human and natural
factors are the most critical in affecting stream quality. Regions studied
include the Midwest (2013), Southeast (2014) and the Pacific Northwest (2015),
and planning is underway for studies in the Northeast (2016) and California
(2017).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Disease affects NC trout populations

BYLINE: The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1318 words


Aug. 04--RALEIGH -- Biologists are worried that sick trout in western North
Carolina could affect fish in other areas. Fishermen visiting the mountains
could untentionally be involved in spreading the sickness if they don't take the
right precautions.

Following confirmation of whirling disease in rainbow trout from the Watauga
River, biologists with the N.C. Wildlife Resources Commission are concerned
about potential impacts elsewhere, especially on native brook trout populations.

Caused by a parasite, the disease can infect all species of trout and salmon.
But rainbow and brook trout, two species found in North Carolina waters, appear
to be most at risk.

Brook trout, the only trout species native to North Carolina, lives mainly in
colder waters. That's also the preferred habitat of the parasite.

"The parasite that causes whirling disease has a highly complex life cycle,
requiring two hosts in order to spread," said Doug Besler, the mountain region
fisheries supervisor for the Commission.

"One of those hosts is a tubifex worm that thrives in colder water, which
unfortunately, is the preferred habitat for brook trout, particularly our
southern Appalachian brook trout.

"If the disease showed up in one of those streams, the impacts could be damaging
to those local brook trout."

Biologists said the presence of whirling disease doesn't necessarily equate to a
dramatic loss of fish, given that other states where the disease has been
present for decades have been able to manage it and stave off the devastating
effects that were once feared.

"In the 1990s, whirling disease was relatively new to many states and there was
broad uncertainty about trout population impacts from whirling disease," Besler
said.

"Some western states, such as Montana, had substantial impacts from whirling
disease early on, but many of those populations have since rebounded. On the
other hand, some eastern states, such as Pennsylvania, do not appear to have
experienced broad scale population level impacts from whirling disease."

"In waters where whirling disease is found, how an outbreak affects trout
populations depends on many factors in addition to water temperatures, such as
the species of trout present and the quality and quantity of the substrate where
the intermediate host resides," he added.

Biologists, however, aren't taking a wait-and-see approach to how whirling
disease will impact North Carolina trout populations. They are taking every
precaution to limit the spread of the disease now.

While the diseased fish came from a trout stream that was not stocked with trout
raised at one of three Commission-owned hatcheries, Commission staff have
suspended trout stockings until they have tested hatchery fish and determined
that they are free of the disease.

Commission staff are currently collecting trout from the Watauga River and
tributary streams to test for whirling disease and to determine its distribution
in the watershed. The N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and
N.C. State University are working with the Commission to sample commercial
aquaculture operations in the area where the infected trout were found.

The disease is spread mainly by infected fish and fish parts. However, it also
can be transmitted by birds as well as by anglers who may transfer the
microscopic parasite that causes the disease, Myxobolus cerebralis, on their
fishing equipment, boots and boats. Anglers moving infected fish from one water
body to another may also transmit the disease.

"Anyone stocking fish in North Carolina is required to have a stocking permit
from the Commission, and we encourage anyone considering stocking trout to
obtain one," Besler said.

"The primary purpose of that permit system is to allow our biological staff the
opportunity to review the stocking application for potential negative impacts to
the environment, including the potential to spread invasive organisms.
Unauthorized stockings have a much higher potential for serious environmental
consequences."

Besler added that preventing the introduction of unwanted aquatic invasive
organisms into North Carolina is the single best approach because control
options are often very limited or ineffective once an introduction has occurred.

Younger fish

Whirling disease affects trout and salmon by damaging the nerves and cartilage,
which may result in abnormal whirling or tail-chasing behavior -- hence its
name. Other signs of whirling disease are a black tail and deformities to the
head or body. These abnormalities in behavior and in the body make the fish more
susceptible to predation and make it more difficult for the fish to find food.

A fish's age can affect the severity of the disease as well. "Biologists have
learned that the age of the fish when it is first exposed to the parasite is
very important," Besler said.

"Very young fish are highly susceptible with high mortality rates in infected
fish; however, older fish are more resistant to the disease."

No cure for fish infected with the whirling disease parasite is known. Once it
is present in a river system, the parasite is almost impossible to eradicate.

Life cycle

The parasite that causes whirling disease requires two hosts to reproduce and
spread. The first is a small worm, the other a fish. Without these two hosts,
the parasite cannot complete its life cycle and will die without multiplying.

The worm host of the parasite, called a tubifex worm, is very small, about  1/2
-inch in length and very common in lakes and streams with abundant fine sediment
and rich organic material. It is the only worm that is host to the whirling
disease parasite.

While in the worm host, the parasite multiplies, transforming into a spore form
that is eventually released into the water, where it floats until it comes in
contact with a fish host. The fish host is confined to the salmonid family,
which includes trout and salmon species.

The spore attaches to the fish's skin and injects the parasite into the fish's
body, where it travels along the nervous system until it finds the cartilage,
which is its food source. Inside the fish, the parasite changes form again. When
the fish dies and decomposes, the parasite is released into the environment, and
the cycle begins again.

Despite the effects whirling disease has on trout and salmon, the disease does
not affect other fishes like bass, pike and catfish, nor does it affect mammals,
like dogs and cats. Likewise, the disease does not affect humans, and eating
fish infected with whirling disease is not known to cause any harmful effects.

Preventing spread

The parasite that causes whirling disease is native to Europe and was introduced
into North America, likely through frozen fish imported from Europe. It was
first discovered in 1956 in Pennsylvania and, since then, it has been reported
in more than 20 states and continues to spread.

Along with testing fish at its hatcheries, commercial aquaculture operations,
and trout streams, the Commission is asking the public to help prevent the
spread of the disease by:

-- Cleaning and drying equipment, clothing and anything else that comes into
contact with water;

-- Never moving fish or aquatic life from one body of water to another without
first obtaining a permit from the Commission;

-- Disposing of fish parts carefully after cleaning fish by putting fish parts
in the garbage, burying them deeply or burning them completely.

-- Anglers are asked to contact the Commission if they observe deformities,
strange swimming behaviors, or other signs of disease in trout.

For a list of frequently asked questions on whirling disease, to learn more
about whirling disease and its effects on trout, and to report signs of disease
in trout visit the Commission's dedicated webpage,
www.ncwildlife.org/whirlingdisease.

___ (c)2015 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150804-QK-Disease-affects-NC-trout-populations-0804-20150804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2015 The Robesonian


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     October 23, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Audio-Digest Foundation Announces the Release of Orthopaedics Volume 36, Issue
11 Upper Arm/Osteochondritis Dissecans

LENGTH: 503  words


New Delhi, Oct. 23 -- Audio-Digest Foundation Announces the Release of
Orthopaedics Volume 36, Issue 11: Upper Arm/Osteochondritis Dissecans.

The goal of this program is to improve the treatment of proximal humerus
fractures and elbow, knee, and ankle injuries that affect young athletes. After
hearing and assimilating this program, the clinician will be better able to:



1. Visualize the vascular supply to the humeral head and predict the risk for
avascular necrosis in proximal humerus fractures.

2. Cite critical factors that affect the surgical outcome of proximal humerus
fractures.

3. List the differential diagnosis for elbow injuries based on location of pain.


4. Educate patients on factors that affect the development of elbow overuse
injuries.

5. Diagnose and treat osteochondritis dissecans injuries of the knee and ankle
in young athletes.

The original programs were presented by Dean G. Lorich, MD, Associate Professor
of Orthopaedic Surgery, Weill College of Medicine, Cornell University; Associate
Director, Orthopaedic Trauma Service, Hospital for Special Surgery, New
York-Presbyterian Hospital, New York, NY, and Alfred W. Atanda Jr, MD, Surgical
Director, Center for Sports Medicine, Nemours/Alfred I. duPont Hospital for
Children, Wilmington, DE.

Audio-Digest Foundation, the largest independent publisher of Continuing Medical
Education in the world, records over 10,000 hours of lectures every year in
anesthesiology, emergency medicine, family practice, gastroenterology, general
surgery, internal medicine, neurology, obstetrics/gynecology, oncology,
ophthalmology, orthopaedics, otolaryngology, pediatrics, psychology, and
urology, by the leading medical researchers at the top laboratories,
universities, and institutions.

Recent researchers have hailed from Harvard, Cedars-Sinai, Mayo Clinic, UCSF,
The University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine, The University of Kansas
Medical Center, The University of California, San Diego, The University of
Wisconsin School of Medicine, The University of California, San Francisco,
School of Medicine, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and many
others.

Out of these cutting-edge programs, Audio-Digest then chooses the most
clinically relevant, edits them for clarity, and publishes them either every
week or every two weeks.

In addition, Audio-Digest publishes subscription series in conjunction with
leading medical societies: DiabetesInsight with The American Diabetes
Association, ACCEL with The American College of Cardiology, Continuum Audio with
The American Academy of Neurology, and Journal Watch Audio General Medicine with
Massachusetts Medical Society.

For 60 years, the global medical community of doctors, nurses, physician
assistants, and other medical professionals around the world has subscribed to
Audio-Digest specialty series in order to remain current in their specialties as
well as to maintain their Continuing Education requirements with the most
cutting-edge, independent, and unbiased continuing medical education (CME).

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 24, 2012 Friday

Postal consolidation will affect employees

BYLINE: Trey Mewes, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 346 words


Feb. 24--Though local residents may not see much of a change in their mail
delivery, more than 200 Minnesota employees may be affected by the U.S. Postal
Service's recently announced consolidation efforts.

The Postal Service said Thursday it will move processing from Rochester and
Duluth to St. Paul and processing operations in St. Cloud, Mankato and Bemidji
to Minneapolis. Retail operations will remain open.

That move is dependent on a change in first-class mail delivery, according to
Postal Service spokesman Pete Nowacki.

"This is a nationwide reconfiguration of our processing network," Nowacki said.

According to Nowacki, the Postal Service has yet to make a final decision on
whether to extend delivery time for first-class mail, or letters, bills and
correspondence, for short distances.

Under the current standards, first class mail takes one to three days to
deliver. Whereas a letter from Austin to Rochester would normally get delivered
overnight, the new rules mean that same letter would take two days to deliver,
Nowacki said. A letter from Austin to Texas would still take about three days,
Nowacki said.

About 223 processing centers nationwide and about 230 positions in Minnesota
will be affected according to Nowacki. Attempts will be made to reassign
employees to vacant positions or other facilities.

The Associated Press previously reported processing operations from Duluth,
Rochester, Mankato and Bemidji would close, but Nowacki said Rochester
processing operations would remain open if the Postal Service doesn't reclassify
first-class mail. Other types of mail such as packages will have the same
delivery time.

Specific dates for the consolidations have not been announced, although a
moratorium on closures ends in mid-May.

The Postal Service has previously said 252 processing sites might be closed as
mail volume declines. The Postal Service's most recent quarterly loss was $3.3
billion.

___ (c)2012 the Austin Daily Herald (Austin, Minn.) Visit the Austin Daily
Herald (Austin, Minn.) at www.austindailyherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120224-1AU-Postal-consolidation-will-affect-employees-20120224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2012 Austin Daily Herald


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 31, 2010 Tuesday

Eastlake power plant cuts not expected to affect resident falcons

BYLINE: Jeffrey L. Frischkorn, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


Aug. 31--Neither FirstEnergy Corp. nor the Ohio Division of Wildlife believe
that the new reduced generating schedule for the Eastlake coal-fired power plant
will affect the peregrine falcon nest located on the plant's tall smokestack.

Earlier this summer, FirstEnergy announced that the Eastlake plant will see a
reduction in generation capacity during nonpeak periods. This reduction will see
a drop in the plant's work force.

However, the falcon nest will remain in place and state wildlife biologists
still will have an opportunity to access the tower and scoop up any chicks for
banding, company officials say.

"The short answer is it probably won't affect the birds next year since
typically that time of year we're operating in the summer mode," said
FirstEnergy spokesman Mark Durbin. "There will be staff there to maintain the
unit. I don't think it will be an issue, and hopefully the plant will return to
more normal operating status when the economy picks up."

Agreeing is Damon Greer, wildlife management administrator for the Wildlife
Division's Northeast Ohio district office in Akron.

"As long as we can still have access to the tower's elevator we should be fine,"
Greer said.

At Eastlake, five falcon eggs were laid this year with four chicks being
hatched. The Eastlake site has been used by falcons since 2005 and has seen 24
chicks hatch, Greer said.

"The nest has averaged four chicks per year. That's above normal, which is
interesting since the hatchings have come later than most other nest sites," he
said.

Greer said that statewide this year the Wildlife Division counted 26 known
falcon nests. These nests produced at least 97 eggs, though only 60 chicks were
fledged.

"That number was slightly down, though we did notice across the state a lower
hatch rate than in previous years, Greer said. "We speculate that this may be
due to the cold, wet weather we experienced in early spring. But we really don't
know."

To see more of The News-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Herald, Willoughby,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100831-WL-Eastlake-power-plant-cuts-not-expected-to-affect
-resident-falcons-20100831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2010 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 April 29, 2004

Sam is a real fighter

LENGTH: 587 words


ON the surface Sam Bate is like any other little boy - he likes Disney swords
Spiderman and climbing.

But five-year-old Sam is battling against a rare genetic disease which means he
will be on medication for the rest of his life.

When he was three he was diagnosed with Gaucher disease an inherited enzyme
deficiency disorder which can affect the spleen liver bones and in some cases
the brain.

Sam's parents Julie and Steve Bate of Avonhead Close Horwich remember the horror
of discovering their son was ill.

Julie said: "We noticed the first signs while we were on holiday in August 2001.
He had started to fall behind in his growth he was lethargic and his stomach was
very enlarged. There were a lot of problems with the diagnosis and it took until
January to confirm he had Gaucher disease.

"We were devastated. Like most people including our GP we didn't know anything
about it and spent hours researching it on the Internet."

Gaucher disease is hereditary and in Sam's case both his parents are carriers
which made him 25 per cent more likely to be born with it.

There are three strains of the disease. Type two ususally kills within two years
type three affects the brain and type one - the most common - affects the
organs.

Sam suffers from type one which affects one in 100 000 people and causes a range
of problems including compressed lungs and weak bones. The condition can be
successfully treated using enzyme replacement therapy.

There are only two centres in the country that specialise in treating Goucher
disease. Fortunately for Sam one of those is the Willink unit at the Royal
Manchester Children's Hospital in Pendlebury.

Sam's parents administer high doses of cerezyme by needle once a fortnight via a
special port-a-cath which is inserted under the skin on his chest.

The treatment is available on the NHS but is one of the most expensive drugs
available and costs more than £80 000 a year.

Steve said: "It was hard at first for all of us but the last few months Sam has
become much more accepting of the treatment. He hasn't cried or tried to run
away and seems to understand that it will make him better."

For dentist Steve and dental nurse Julie who also have a healthy three-year-old
daughter Ellen the treatment has become part of their routine. They are now at a
stage where it does not dominate their lives.

Julie said: "We feel lucky that Sam is able to be treated and continue a normal
life. It could have been a lot worse. He goes to school and plays just like any
other child and we have no reason to believe that will change providing he keeps
up with the treatment."

When asked about his treatment Sam said: "It makes me big and makes me climb
fast and run fast."

With Sam doing well the family have started to help others in a similar
situation. They actively fundraise for the Willink unit and have been helping a
family from Preston come to terms with the news that their three-year-old son
has Gaucher disease.

Steve said: "I was speaking to them on the phone and they were firing questions
at me so I told them to come and meet Sam and see for themselves that it can be
treated. When they arrived Sam demonstrated his climbing expertise.

"They were amazed at how healthy he appeared.

"Sam's disease has taught us about the priorities in life. Before this we were
cruising -successful business happy just married two great kids.

"It just shows that you never know what's round the corner."

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 25, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Smokers risk deadlier strokes

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 218 words


Smoking a pack a day or more raises the risk 11 times of a sudden, deadly form
of stroke that strikes most often at younger ages, a study suggests.

The stroke occurs when a blood vessel in the brain weakens and bursts, bleeding
into the space between the brain and its innermost covering, called the
subarachnoid. Overall, subarachnoid hemorrhage accounts for 7% of strokes, but
affects a greater proportion of women and people under 65.

''Given that it affects young people, that it affects women and that it has a
high fatality rate in comparison to other types of stroke, the impact tends to
be substantial,'' says Dr. Will Longstreth, University of Washington, Seattle.

Among his findings released over the weekend at the American Heart Association's
annual stroke meeting in San Francisco:

- Current smokers had a 4.2 times higher risk of subarachnoid hemorrhage than
non-smokers; the more a person smoked, the higher the risk.

- Smoking a pack a day or more raised the risk 11 times; less than a pack, 4
times.

- Two-thirds of the study's 149 stroke victims were women. Their risk was 4.6
times higher than non-smokers.

About 80% of strokes occur when a clot blocks blood flow in an artery leading to
the brain, just as heart attacks can be caused by a clot in the coronary
arteries.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Accompanying story; Mild drinking may stop clots

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 1, 2012 Saturday

Tackling air quality brings Utah businesses together

BYLINE: By Judy Fahys The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; Business

LENGTH: 412 words


The business case for keeping Utah's air clean is clear, Utah business leaders
agree, even if the path forward can be a little murky sometimes.

Not only is the state's prized quality of life at stake, but also its access to
transportation funding and future economic development, noted participants
Thursday at the Salt Lake Chamber's 2nd annual Clean Air Conference. And, with
the state's population expected to grow by 1.3 million by 2040, the pressure can
only intensify to keep Utah's air breathable.

Chamber Vice President Ryan Evans said that his group has been active in
clean-air issues since early in the 20th century, although interest fell off for
a while. Recently, the issue has come into sharper focus because of winter
inversion episodes that sometimes make Utah stand out nationally for being hazy
and even unhealthy.

"There are so many layers to this conversation," said Evans, who heads up the
chamber's air-quality efforts.

The Chamber used the Thursday's conference to unveil a brochure, "Utah Air
Quality 101: It's Everybody's Business," which notes that the issue is more than
clear skies.

"It affects our livelihoods and quality of life, with major implications for the
future of Utah," the primer says. "Because this issue affects us all personally,
it is everybody's responsibility to learn how it affects you and what you can do
about it."

Utah's top air-quality regulator, Bryce Bird, talked Thursday about efforts to
meet tightening federal regulations. Andrew Gruber, executive director of the
planning group Wasatch Front Regional Council, discussed how transportation and
urban planning can ease the challenges posed by the coming boom. Overstock.com's
Paul Graziano described what his company is doing to keep the air clean, such as
offering carpooling incentives.

"I don't think you'll find anyone who doesn't care about clean air," Graziano
said.

Karen Hevel-Mingo, director of the health-advocacy group Breathe Utah, said she
was pleased to see how the business community was taking an active role --
especially when it comes to practical solutions. She pointed to the Chamber's
Air Ambassadors program sharing best practices.

"It trickles into individual lives," she said of the clean-air ethic businesses
can promote in the workplace.



fahys@sltrib.com

Twitter: @judyfutah Alt Heads:

Tackling air quality brings Utah businesses together Chamber primer

To view the chamber's "Utah Air Quality 101: It's Everybody's Business," go to
http://bit.ly/TvOWZB

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The clean-air issue has come into sharper focus because of winter
inversion episodes, such as this one seen from Little Cottonwood Canyon, that
sometimes make Utah stand out nationally for being hazy and even unhealthy.
Air qualiy "affects our livelihoods and quality of life, with major implications
for the future of Utah," says a new primer from the Salt Lake Chamber, "Utah Air
Quality 101: It's Everybody's Business." "Because this issue affects us all
personally, it is everybody's responsibility to learn how it affects you and
what you can do about it."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            October 20, 2006 Friday

Minimum Wage, Still Crazy After All These Years

BYLINE: DIANA FURCHTGOTT-ROTH

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1051 words


Democrats assure us that, if they win the House or Senate in November, they will
pass a bill to increase the hourly minimum wage from its $5.15 rate. Never mind
that when they held the Senate in 2001-2002 they did not even bring a minimum
wage bill to the floor. Now they complain that the rate hasn't been raised for a
decade.

Democrats have help from America's union movement, AFL-CIO, which is spending
union members' hard-earned dues on an "America Needs a Raise" campaign. Next
week the AFL-CIO is featuring Roseanne Barr in a video called "Seven Days At
Minimum Wage" to campaign for minimum wage initiatives on the ballot in Arizona,
Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, and Ohio.

And Democrats are even getting help from economists who should know better. Last
week the Economic Policy Institute, an AFL-CIO-funded research organization,
issued a letter signed by 650 economists calling for raising the minimum wage to
$7.25 per hour. Featured signatories are economists who held plum political
positions in the Clinton and Carter administrations, such as former Council of
Economic Advisors chairman and Nobel prizewinner Joseph Stiglitz, former Federal
Reserve vice chair Alan Blinder, and former OMB director Alice Rivlin.

The current minimum wage doesn't directly affect many people, which is why the
650 economists say that raising the minimum wage won't affect employment. Fewer
than 2 million of our 152 million labor force, or 1.2%, earn the minimum wage -
all the other workers earn more.

Twenty-two states, primarily on the East and West coasts, including New York,
have passed minimum wage laws over and above the federal level. On January 1,
2005, New York's minimum wage rose to $6.00, followed by an increase to $6.75 in
January 2006. The rate is scheduled to rise to $7.15 in January 2007.
Nevertheless, in 2005 there were 95,000 workers recorded as earning $5.15 in New
York State.

Raising the hourly minimum wage to $7.25 would affect not only workers on the
current minimum wage, but also the 11 million workers who earn between $5.15 and
$7.25 an hour. Altogether, the proposal would directly affect over 12 million
workers, or 8% of the labor force.

Workers on minimum wage are rarely the sole source of support for their
families, and the families are not necessarily in poverty. Minimum wage workers
tend to be young - half are under 25,and a quarter are ages 16 to 19. Over half
work part-time, and 64% have never been married. Seventy percent of minimum wage
workers live in the north central and southern regions of the country, which are
primarily rural areas with the lowest cost of living, and only 12% are in the
middle Atlantic states. Sixty percent work in the restaurant industry.

Why the Democrat focus on the minimum wage? As well as having the appearance of
compassion, it plays well as a "get out the vote" strategy, even with the
current strong economy. It can be used to attack high levels of CEO
compensation, Republican tax cuts, and perceived increased income inequality.

Bertha Lewis, executive director of the New York branch of the Association for
Community Organizations for Reform Now, which is partnering with the AFL-CIO to
raise the minimum wage, said earlier this week that it's unfair that in our
society people earn only $5.15 an hour.

She assumes that if the minimum wage were raised, all 12 million workers would
retain their jobs. But an increase to $7.25 an hour, plus the mandatory
employer's share of social security, unemployment insurance, and workers'
compensation brings the hourly employer cost close to $8, even without any
benefits. Those who produce under $8.00 per hour just wouldn't be employed.

It sounds compassionate to alleviate poverty by mandating that others - in this
case, employers - give away their money. But employers won't necessarily
cooperate. Instead, they'll only hire those workers who can produce $8.00 per
hour, fewer workers than they hire today. Employers can change technologies or
hire more skilled workers to keep their firms in business.

Denying work opportunities to those whose skills don't add up to $8.00 per hour
is not compassionate, it's manifestly unfair. The federal government would be
essentially mandating that workers below a given level of skill have no right to
work.

These low-skill workers include many who need to get their foot on the bottom
rung of the career ladder, such as teenagers getting their first jobs and people
with poor job histories.Today's minimum-wage teenage waiters are gaining the job
skills to become tomorrow's professionals. Almost all of us remember minimum
wage jobs we had in our youth. And data show that the majority of minimum wage
workers move on to better jobs within a year.

European economies keep the low-skilled unemployed, not with minimum wages, but
with generous benefit packages (also proposed by Democrats) for the unemployed
that discourage work.The predictable effect is high unemployment rates with a
substantial percentage out of work for more than a year, leading to
deteriorating skills.This is not a route for America.

With our nation's unemployment rate at 4.6%, most American employers have to pay
more than minimum wage just to attract workers. The fears whipped up by the
AFL-CIO that employers are exploiting workers are irrational. Over 142 million
workers are now earning above minimum wage, not because of government
regulation, but because that is the only way that firms can attract employees.

Rather than increasing the minimum wage, we should focus on increasing the
skills of our workforce, so that low-wage workers can make a faster transition
to higher-paying jobs. Programs such as the Department of Labor's Workforce
Innovation in Regional Economic Development link employers, education, and
economic development.WIRED tackles specific regional problems, such as the loss
of the steel and coal industries in northeastern Pennsylvania.

Raising the minimum wage on the grounds of fairness is a crowd-pleaser. But that
does not mean that it is the moral course of action. The people who will be hurt
are those who are least able to look after themselves.

Ms. Furchtgott-Roth is a senior fellow at the Hudson Institute, where she
directs the Center for Employment Policy. From 2003 to 2005 she was chief
economist of the U.S. Department of Labor.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 17, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

A Strike 'Affects All of Us'

BYLINE: Dave Sheinin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 719 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE Aug. 16


The players played. The fans cheered. The vendors sold hot dogs and beer. Oriole
Park at Camden Yards was alive with the sights and smells and sounds of
baseball. But the growing unease now had a name and a date: players' strike,
Aug. 30.

With word coming out of New York shortly after noon that baseball's union had
set its strike date, most everyone knew when they arrived at the stadium that
everything was different now. The sport is two weeks away from its ninth work
stoppage in 30 years.

"It affects all of us," Orioles first baseman Jeff Conine said. "We are thinking
about it all the time. Unfortunately, all I can go on is past experience, and it
hasn't been good. One side of me is pessimistic in nature [because of] the way
things have gone in the past. The other side of me, the way things have gone
this time, is optimistic [about] getting a deal done before [a strike] happens."

"You've got to wonder, 'Where is this game going?' " said Detroit Tigers pitcher
Jose Lima. "If there is going to be a strike, it's going to be tough on a lot of
people -- first-year players, guys with families."

It is going to affect a lot more people than that. While the players were
preparing for tonight's game, the stadium was stirring to life for the Orioles'
first home game after a weeklong trip. Concessionaires readied their stands for
the night's business. Janitors mopped and wiped and hauled. Ushers began heading
to their stations.

They earn their living from baseball, too. But none feel much solidarity with a
group of workers with an average salary of nearly $ 2.4 million whose actions
affect thousands of people on the periphery.

"They should think about the people who depend on them for a living," said
Serita Kendrick, a concession cashier and mother of two from Baltimore.

The players have been careful to stress at every opportunity that they are not
seeking to make more money, only to prevent the owners from paying them less.
But the point does not seem to register with the fans and stadium employees.

"The players are just greedy, out-and-out greedy," said Willie Davidson, who
operates a concession stand on the lower concourse. Davidson said he earns a
portion of his stand's profits each night and stands to lose up to $ 1,000 per
game in the event of a strike. "I think it's ridiculous."

"Certainly in my mind, [a strike] is a black mark against them," said Sam
Orlando, 60, a fan from Columbia, "and I don't have sympathy for either side. I
am not taking one side. I am just saying I am for the game of baseball."

The fans can have their say by staying away from the ballpark, but the fact is,
all of these people were here tonight. San Francisco Giants star Barry Bonds
recently predicted that the fans would return from another work stoppage, as
they always have.

But as everyone knows, it took years for the game to bounce back after the last
work stoppage, the 1994-95 players' strike, and some wonder if the game would
ever bounce back this time.

"If they go on strike, I'm giving up my season tickets next year," said
Margarita Lewis, a fan from Bowie. "That's a given."

"I was planning to do this for two more years and then retire," said Sunnie
Porter, a 63-year-old stadium usher from Baltimore. "But I don't know if I want
to come back next year. I'm not sure I want to be associated with baseball.
Nobody has any sympathy for the fans."

"I think the players are underestimating the fans when they say the fans will
come back," said Blondelle Hunter, whose family operates a hot dog stand near
the Eutaw Street entrance to the stadium. "I'm angry."

Orioles Manager Mike Hargrove was a player in 1981 when the union went on
strike, and was managing the Cleveland Indians in a pennant race in 1994 when
the remainder of that season was canceled by a strike. For the first time in 90
years, there was no World Series that year. He believes baseball is resilient,
but only to a point.

"I think it would be damaged for a long, long time," Hargrove said. "You hit
something hard enough . . ."

Lima, the Tigers' pitcher, hopes it isn't him being hit. "I really worry someone
is going to come out of the stands to try to do something [violent] to a player,
because they are blaming us. They think we're greedy."

Staff writer Todd Jacobson contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday

Propane tax could affect thousands of previously exempt homes and businesses

BYLINE: Deborah Straszheim, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 680 words


Sept. 22--Thousands of people and businesses that previously used propane for
heating and then bought a generator to prepare for long-term power outages like
those that occurred during storms of the past few years, would now see a tax
levied on the entire tank of fuel, the president of the Connecticut Emergency
Management Association said.

The law taxing propane has existed for 20 years, but it exempts fuel for
heating, including heating a house, heating water or heating food.

But the exemption is strictly for heat, and because of this, if a homeowner or
business bought a propane-fueled generator and attached it to the same tank, the
entire tank of fuel becomes taxable at 8.8 percent, said Joseph Sastre, the
director of the Office of Emergency Management in Groton and president of the
state emergency management association.

People started getting letters from their propane dealers in July, he said.

"This tax affects only those people and businesses who have taken our suggestion
and have spent their hard-earned dollars to protect themselves when the power
goes out," Sastre said. "Then instead of rewarding their efforts, the state in
its infinite wisdom taxes them for doing what we have suggested."

The measure could also affect municipalities since the tax is paid by the
distributor, he said.

State Sen. Paul Formica, R-East Lyme, said Monday that he and Rep. Devin Carney,
R-Old Saybrook, are working on legislation to introduce during the short session
in February to end the state's propane tax.

"It's unfair to the people who are trying to be proactive," Formica said. "After
the large storms we have experienced in recent years, many people bought
generators in case of another catastrophic event. Now, they are finding out that
they are getting taxed for thinking ahead."

The propane tax is a "gross receipts tax", which means it's a tax on the seller,
or the propane supplier, then passed along to the consumer as a price increase.

Joe Rose, president of the Propane Gas Association of New England, said he
believes the tax would affect 25,000 to 40,000 customers in Connecticut. The
association has 65 member companies that sell propane in the state.

"Just to help you understand, those people who only had a generator have been
paying the tax all along. This affects people who previously had a (propane
tank) only for heating and then added a generator," he said. At a cost of about
$3 a gallon, a delivery on a large propane tank that holds about 300 gallons
would cost $900, for example. The tax applied to the full delivery would add
$79.20 to that cost, he said.

Rose said some suppliers started charging the tax to their customers who bought
generators years ago and in at least one instance, were told by the state to
refund the money. In November 2013, he said, the association asked the state
Department of Revenue Services to clarify a number of tax issues, including the
propane tax, and were told in September 2014 that suppliers had to start
charging the tax.

He said he argued this was a change in how the law was interpreted. He said he
then met with representatives from revenue services and was told that unless the
legislature changed the law in its last session, that tax applied.

Kevin Sullivan, state commissioner of revenue services, said an audit two to
four years ago discovered a propane company was not charging the tax. The
association then asked for advice on the tax issue, he said.

"This issue has come up before, and I'm not sure why there has been as little
awareness of this," he said. The department of revenue isn't arguing the wisdom
of the law and has no authority to grant an exemption, he said.

"From our standpoint, this is not a revenue issue. It is a policy issue,"
Sullivan said. If the legislature wants to change the law, it may, he added.

"It is what it is," he said. "And it's very clear when it says 'exclusively'
(heat), that's the magic word."

d.straszheim@theday.com

Twitter: @DStraszheim

___ (c)2015 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150922-NL-Propane-tax-could-affect
-thousands-of-previously-exempt-homes-and-businesses-0922-20150922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2015 The Day


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                RedEye, Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Obama presidential library pick could affect nearby transit

BYLINE: Tracy Swartz, RedEye, Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 761 words


Jan. 12--A CTA Blue Line station that has been boarded up and abandoned for more
than 40 years could reopen if President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama
choose to build the Obama presidential library on the city's West Side.

Should the Obamas settle on a South Side site, the Garfield Green Line stop in
Washington Park could see repairs.

The University of Illinois-Chicago has proposed one site on the West Side to
build the Obama presidential library and one West Side site for the library's
visitor center while the University of Chicago has submitted two South Side
sites for the library. The Obamas are expected to make a decision by the end of
March on the library site in a contest that includes the University of Hawaii
and Columbia University in New York.

Unlike many tourist attractions, the potential library sites are not downtown or
on the nearby Museum Campus so the universities are proposing ways to shuttle
visitors to some sites that are underserved by transit.

CTA spokeswoman Tammy Chase would only say "the CTA will work to ensure that
convenient transit options are provided to whichever location may be chosen. We
don't have any additional information to provide at this point."

University of Chicago spokesman Jeremy Manier said the university has had
conversations with representatives of the CTA and mayor's office as well as
aldermen about the proposals.

"We see numerous possibilities for transportation enhancements," Manier said in
an e-mail.

A study conducted by Anderson Economic Group, a Michigan-based research group,
for the University of Chicago estimated the Obama library would attract 800,000
visitors a year. The George W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum, which
opened in 2013 in Dallas, logged more than 435,000 visitors in its first year,
the Bush library said in a news release.

The University of Chicago, which has proposed putting a library in either the
Washington Park or Woodlawn community, is the perceived frontrunner over UIC,
which is going through leadership changes, according to the Tribune.

The Washington Park site is near the Garfield Green Line stop, on Garfield
Boulevard by Calumet Avenue, the 51st Street Green Line stop by Calumet Avenue
and various CTA bus routes and blocks from the Garfield Red Line stop by the Dan
Ryan Expressway.

If that spot is chosen, the CTA could repair the Garfield Green Line stop and
increase frequency of Green Line service, Manier said. Manier did not give
details on what repairs would be made to the Garfield station and the cost of
the fixes or more service.

The other University of Chicago proposed library site is in Jackson Park in the
city's Woodlawn community .

The Woodlawn site is not located by a CTA rail station but is near the 59th
Street Metra Electric District stop by Harper Avenue and a few CTA bus routes.

The university sees "possibilities for improved bus connections, linking
institutions in Museum Campus South and linking the presidential library with
53rd Street," Manier said. There is also a possibility for a seasonal water taxi
connecting the library with Navy Pier and Museum Campus and fixes to the Metra
stop, Manier said.

On the West Side, UIC has proposed building the library in North Lawndale and
the library's visitor center on the eastern end of its campus.

The UIC campus site, which is located by the CTA UIC-Halsted Blue Line stop and
various CTA bus lines, would not require significant public transit expansion,
according to a UIC study on the library's potential impact. The UIC-Halsted
stop, which is accessible for wheelchair riders, sees about 7,900 riders enter
the station on an average weekday, placing it in the top 25 of CTA weekday
ridership.

The North Lawndale site would require more transit options, the study
determined. The university suggested reopening the Kostner Blue Line stop in
West Garfield Park that closed in 1973 because of budget cuts and creating an
express bus system along Roosevelt Road that would link the lakefront to the
library.

The university estimates reopening the shuttered station could cost about $35
million while building a new express bus line on Roosevelt Road could cost $50
million, UIC spokeswoman Anne Brooks Ranallo said. Who would pick up the tab
hasn't been determined.

In a November letter to the Obama foundation, Mayor Emanuel pledged that the
city would work with the CTA "to revamp and reopen the Kostner Blue Line station
to facilitate access to North Lawndale."

___ (c)2015 RedEye (Chicago) Visit RedEye (Chicago) at www.redeyechicago.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150112-1RC-Obama-presidential-library-pick-could-affect
-nearby-transit-0112-20150112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1RC


                                 Copyright 2015


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 29, 2012 Wednesday

New maps affect bid by former state Rep. Moody, Congress

BYLINE: Zahira Torres, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1158 words


Feb. 29--AUSTIN -- Former state Rep. Joe Moody will have to find a new home if
he wants to remain in the race for the seat he lost to state Rep. Dee Margo two
years ago.

And months of wrangling over the statewide drawing of political boundary lines
has left El Paso with the same congressional map approved last year by the state
Legislature.

New interim election maps released Tuesday by a panel of three federal judges in
San Antonio have altered the boundary lines to run for state House District 78
and placed Moody's home in a different district.

The maps also seem to settle the political tug of war over which 59,000 voters
will be transferred out of Congressional District 16, represented by U.S. Rep.
Silvestre Reyes, an El Paso Democrat, and

moved into Congressional District 23, a seat now held by U.S. Rep. Francisco
"Quico" Canseco, a San Antonio Republican.

A complicated legal battle continues in a Washington, D.C., court over whether
Texas' Republican-led Legislature decreased minority voting power when drawing
political boundary lines that benefited the GOP in the state House, state Senate
and Congress. But the decision by the San Antonio-based federal judges, who had
the task of coming up with interim maps, has cleared the path for Texas
candidates to prepare for a May 29 primary.

The maps resemble a compromise made by the Texas attorney general and the Texas
Latino Redistricting Task Force, which includes the Mexican American Legal
Defense and Educational Fund. That

compromise made state House District 78 more Hispanic by altering its boundary
lines with state House District 77, currently represented by state Rep Marisa
Marquez, D-El Paso.

Under the new interim maps, about 58 percent of the residents in District 78 are
Hispanics of voting age, compared with the 55 percent passed by the Texas
Legislature. The district, as drawn, would be 55.3 percent Democrat, according
to voting results from the last presidential election. State lawmakers passed a
map in which President Barack Obama would have won by 52.6 percent, according to
2008 figures.

Moody did not rule out moving into the re-drawn district. He said he believes he
can beat Margo in a rematch.

"I will discuss it tonight with my wife and announce my intentions very soon,"
Moody said in a statement.

Margo, who would be facing Moody a third time for the seat, said he is still
preparing for a challenge from his rival. Margo said he, along the other members
of the El Paso delegation, asked the federal court to consider a map that would
leave Moody in the district.

"He's going to have to make a decision about whether it's worthwhile for him to
move," Margo said. "We have planned, expected and will continue to move ahead
under the presumption that he will be running against me."

Minorities have fueled Texas' growth in the past decade.

The state grew by 4.3 million people since 2000, which yielded four new
congressional seats. Minority groups have argued that the new congressional
seats should reflect that Hispanics accounted for 65 percent of that growth and
now make up 38 percent of the state's population. Tuesday, they declared victory
after the interim maps created two more Latino-majority congressional districts.

In El Paso, the interim congressional map shifts Lower Valley communities
Socorro, San Elizario and Fabens along with about half of Horizon City and parts
of the eastern edge of the county from District 16, represented by Reyes, into
an increasingly expansive District 23 that includes 20 counties stretching east
to San Antonio. Among areas that will be shifted to District 23 is the Tigua
Indian reservation.

Reyes said he has resigned himself to losing those communities from his district
where he had recently gone door-to-door asking voters for support. But he said
the new maps will sharpen his campaign's focus.

"It gives us a clearer idea of where we need to prioritize," Reyes said. "We've
walked in excess of 20,000 homes. The focus now will be based on the new
district lines. Previously, we were pretty much focusing on the whole county
because we just didn't know where it was going to be."

Former El Paso city Rep. Robert "Beto" O'Rourke, who is challenging Reyes in the
primary, said he was glad that an election date appears more concrete. He said
there has been a positive side to the delays from redistricting -- waiting on a
decision has afforded him more walks through various precincts.

"This gives me more time to talk to voters," O'Rourke said.

The number of Hispanics in District 16 will decrease from 81.5 percent to 80.1
percent. About 59,000 residents, nearly 98 percent of whom are Hispanic, were
transferred from District 16 to District 23.

Neither candidate commented on whether the new maps would help or hinder their
chances in the primary election.

The maps unveiled Tuesday would keep all of Fort Bliss in the 16th Congressional
District. A part of the post outside Reyes' district extends as training ranges
deep into New Mexico's 2nd District.

Fort Bliss, which has benefitted from a federal investment of about $5 billion
and the addition of troops during the most recent round of the Pentagon's Base
Realignment and Closure process, is a key part of El Paso's economy and who
serves as its advocate in Congress has become a charged issue this election
season.

County Judge Veronica Escobar in December incorrectly contended that a
previously proposed map would place all of Fort Bliss in District 23. The map
was supported by Reyes. That plan, drawn by a panel of three federal judges,
would have carved out of District 16 parts of Fort Bliss training ranges as well
as some Northeast and West El Paso neighborhoods but it was scrapped when the
U.S. Supreme Court asked the panel to try again.

Escobar acknowledged her mistake and has maintained that Fort Bliss should not
be divvied up to include another member of Congress with competing interests.

"I know (Commissioners) Court will be happy to hear that Fort Bliss was
preserved in District 16," Escobar said. "That was really our main priority.
That's the only thing that we weighed in on with regard to the congressional
map."

Canseco said he is hopeful redistricting is wrapping up.

"It has been a long road to get here, but in the end we finally have a map that
is fair for voters across Texas and we can look forward to the scheduling of
elections," he said.

Democratic state Rep. Pete Gallego of Alpine, who is also running for the
District 23 seat, said he understands El Paso and other western communities have
always felt overlooked. Gallego had a message for new residents of the district.

"It's an area that I know well and feel comfortable with and they're going to be
a pretty important part of the 23rd District," he said.

Zahira Torres may be reached at ztorres@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120229-EY-HLT-New-maps-affect
-bid-by-former-state-Rep-Moody-Congress-0229-20120229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Idaho Senate rejects rule for septic systems;
Tougher regulation crafted to protect water

BYLINE: Betsy Z. Russell Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 594 words

DATELINE: BOISE


At the urging of North Idaho senators, the state Senate voted Tuesday to reject
a Department of Environmental Quality rule to stiffen requirements for new
septic systems to protect Idaho waters against wastewater contamination.

"None of us wish to see our lakes and waters degraded," Sen. Joyce Broadsword,
R-Sagle, told the Senate. "That's not the point here. ? We're sending a message
to the agency."

Broadsword said the state DEQ  didn't prove that septic systems with more water
flowing into them have a greater risk of failure.

Opponents disagreed. "When these systems start failing, it's going to affect our
water quality and it's going to affect our tourism - it's going to affect all
sorts of things," Sen. Kate Kelly, D-Boise, told the Senate.

The  DEQ developed the rule after an extensive  process that included public
comment  before presenting it  to the Legislature for review.

The rule was developed after several years of debate, beginning with a measure
originally proposed by the Panhandle Health District.

As part of the process, a statewide wastewater generation study was conducted
that examined 2,800 homes, said Dale Peck, environmental response and technology
director for the Panhandle Health District. The results of the study, presented
both to the DEQ board and the Legislature, showed that one in seven homes
exceeds the design requirements for a drain field, where sewage is deposited.
The rules were developed to move to a standard where just one in 20, or 5
percent, would exceed the design standard.

When the standards are exceeded, Peck said, chances are higher that wastewater
won't be treated properly and could contaminate surface water and groundwater.

An example, he said, was when the Spokane Valley/Rathdrum Prairie Aquifer began
showing contamination in the 1970s largely because of  septic systems over the
aquifer. Cities over the aquifer moved to central sewer systems, and the
aquifer's water quality improved and remained  high even through the region's
substantial growth.

Peck said it's rare that drain field requirements render a lot unbuildable, a
prospect raised by some senators in debate Tuesday.

The rule led to something of a scandal in January when John Eaton, a lobbyist
for the Idaho Association of Realtors, withdrew a promised campaign contribution
to Joan Cloonan, a DEQ board member and GOP legislative candidate in Boise,
after she voted for the rule - which his group opposed. State officials said no
laws had been violated.

While the flap over  Eaton "didn't even surface up north," Broadsword said she
did hear some constituents' concerns about the rule. "I heard from contractors,
I heard from homeowners, and they were concerned about having to put in larger
systems."

Several North Idaho senators spoke out against the rule. Sen. John Goedde,
R-Coeur d'Alene, said health officials should educate people about how to better
maintain their septic systems.

Sen. Jim Hammond, R-Post Falls, said all involved should get together and agree
on solutions. "No one would argue with protecting our water, especially those of
us who live up near those beautiful waters."

The measure, SCR 103, passed the Senate on a 27-7 vote; the seven "no" votes
included six Democratic senators plus Sen. Gary Schroeder, R-Moscow. It now
moves to the House.

The Panhandle Health District originally proposed the new rule just for North
Idaho, but the Legislature rejected the rule in 2007, calling for a statewide
rule instead. That launched the DEQ's negotiated rule-making process and the
statewide wastewater study.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Betsy Z. Russell can be reached toll-free at (866) 336-2854 or
bzrussell@gmail.com For more news from Boise go to www.spokesman.com/boise.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 2, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Planting by the Full Moon: Bright Idea, or Lunacy?

BYLINE: By ANNE RAVER

SECTION: Section C; Page 1; Column 4; Home Desk

LENGTH: 1519 words


LAST Sunday the moon was full. It flooded the fields and spilled light into the
windows of high-rise apartments. And all over the country, moon gardeners were
planting by it -- corn, pole beans, sweet peas -- because they know that a full
moon will make corn grow tall and pull a vining bean right up the pole.

"When I was 4 I'd go out with my grandmother, and we'd always try to plant
potatoes on the full moon," said Michael Petitt, 25 years old, who grew up in
the hills of Kentucky. "And we'd plant pole beans and corn and grasses on the
full moon, for faster germination."

Mr. Petitt is an extension agent for Boyd County in Kentucky. He is working on
his master's degree in horticulture. But he still plants by the moon.

"I think that geotropism -- the effect of gravity on plants -- is greater on the
full moon," he said. "But I think it also affects some biochemical process. Of
course I'd never say this to a client on the phone."

Moon planters believe that the same gravitational force that pulls the tides,
the same cosmic rhythms that draw a horsehoe crab ashore to mate, also cause
crops, especially those that bear above ground, to leap right out of the earth.
And conversely, when the moon is on the wane and its light and gravitational
pull are on the decrease, the earth's gravity kicks in again, and roots burrow
happily into the ground.

But don't plant anything when the moon is absolutely dark. That's when plants
should rest, and a good time to kill weeds because they won't grow back.

The world of hard science hasn't tried to study this stuff. "It's mythology,"
said Cynthia Rosenzweig, an agronomist at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space
Studies in Manhattan. "There has to be a physical reason why the moon's
different phases would affect soil properties, soil temperature, moisture
content, precipitation, which are the actual physical factors that make seeds
germinate. And that isn't documentable."

Her colleague Frank Abramopoulos, an astrophysicist, agreed. "The tidal force --
the gravitational pull of the moon -- would be there, but at a level smaller
than would affect any biochemical processes," he said.

There was a long pause when he was asked if the moon, passing through the signs
of the zodiac, could affect plants.

"The moon is 238,000 miles away from us, which is very close," he said politely.
"The nearest star is four light-years away, and that light would not have an
effect on plant life."

Scientists are so literal. That's why they're scientists.

They should look into it, Mr. Petitt said. But his people have never worried
about proof. It was there on the table, in a mess of beans. In turnips bigger
than grapefruits.

"We never said why; we just knew," Mr. Petitt said. "We didn't question. The
people who did question, they didn't have a crop."

There's a lot you can do if you read the moon right.

"Me and my grandpap, we'd cut locust for fence posts when the moon was
three-quarters full," Mr. Petitt said. "We'd cut them green, leave the bark on
and put them right in the ground. Then Grandpap would pour about a gallon of
water on them. And a month later those posts would be sprouting. That's no lie,
ma'am."

Mr. Petitt said people would come to look at those posts and ask how it was
done. "But if they didn't do it on the three-quarters moon, it wouldn't work,"
he said.

Now the moon is on the wane. "Flowering bulbs and vegetables that bear crops
below ground should be planted during the DARK of the Moon," says the 1991 Old
Farmer's Almanac. "That is, from the day after it is full to the day before it
is new again."

Corda Kindall, 92, the sole resident of Olga, Mo., said that's right: "Anything
like radishes, onions, that grow underneath the ground, why you plant them on a
dark moon, and then they'll grow larger and not be all tops. If you plant on the
new moon, they'll grow tall and bloom, but the radishes won't be good. Same with
potatoes. Plant them on the dark moon and they won't all go to top."

Mrs. Kindall planted her morning glory seeds, which had been soaking in a jar,
just before the moon was full. "And I'm going to go out tomorrow and plant me
some beans," she said.

It's not good to question these things too closely. The contradictions, for
instance: Mr. Petitt plants potatoes on the full moon, Mrs. Kindall on the dark.

But that's the way it is with moon gardeners. You can hardly find two who plant
the same way. And they all think they're right, because whichever way they
choose, it works.

"I always plant potatoes on Good Friday, because an older gentleman taught me to
do it that way, and he'd always done it that way, and I always get more potatoes
than anybody else, so there," said Miriam Dunlap, who farms 80 acres outside Des
Moines. "My husband's family always said, 'Good seed, good potatoes, Good
Friday.' I swear it's just a reason to force you to get out there in the mud to
plant."

Maybe that's basically what it is: a ritual of chores, a giant almanac as old as
the Pyramids and the rising of the Dog Star, which has marked the onset of
spring, and spring planting, since the first man, or woman, first put a seed in
the ground.

Virgil said farming was no less tricky than navigation:

Nor must the ploughman less observe the skies

When the Kids, Dragon, and Arcturus, rise,

Than sailors homeward bent, who cut their way

Through Helle's stormy straits, and oyster-breeding sea.

Plant beans and clover, he said,

When with his golden horns, in full career,

The Bull beats down the barriers of the year,

And Argo and the Dog forsake the northern sphere.

Pliny the Elder gave similar advice in his 37-volume "History of Nature," which
instructs farmers how to garden by the stars and is as full of contradictions as
a fertile full moon sailing across a barren dry sign.

When the ancients looked up at the sky, seeking information from the heavens,
they saw the gods' footprints in the stars.

"I think that when people looked at the sky in those days, they weren't seeing
dots for the Bull and the Ram, like we do," said Sherry Wildfeuer, a biodynamic
gardener in Kimberton, Pa. "They had an inner experience, and they described the
quality of what they were experiencing, whether it was airy or fiery or watery.
But most people don't experience that anymore."

Ms. Wildfeuer is a follower of Rudolph Steiner, an Austrian philosopher of the
1920's who began the biodynamic movement by urging farmers to cycle nutrients
back into the soil and to regulate their plowing and sowing and reaping not just
to biological rhythms, but to cosmic ones as well. She writes and publishes The
Kimberton Hills Agricultural Calendar, a biodynamic guide to gardening by the
moon and stars and an outgrowth of her own planting by the signs 20 years ago in
Switzerland.

"I still remember the carrots that were planted in sync with the earth sign,"
she said. "They were beautiful, perfect, the ideal carrots. And the yield was
much better than in the other patches."

Ms. Wildfeuer grew up in Rockville Centre, L.I., "where I thought gardeners were
people who raked leaves and couldn't speak English," she said. Now she helps run
Pemberton Hills in Pemberton, Pa., a community for disabled people that supports
itself with a 430-acre biodynamic farm.

Even the gardener in Dr. Rosenzweig, the Goddard agronomist, believes, a little.
"Even though I don't believe it scientifically, I think the ancient traditions
are wonderful," she said. "And who knows: there are more things out there than
are known by science."

She has farmed in the Tuscany region of Italy, where, she said, "they plant by
the zodiac, too, but their knowledge of the land is so deep, it's a whole
combination of everything, of centuries of doing it right."

Back home, the help line at W. Atlee Burpee & Company is besieged by
knowledge-seekers whose numbers seem to wax with the full moon.

"A lot of people who call us with problems want to know something specific,"
said Chela Kleiber, a Burpee horticulturist. "But often there isn't a specific
answer. So they like to have another answer, like planting potatoes by the moon.
And if it works, they feel happy. They feel there's more meaning to it. It gives
them more of a sense of knowledge: 'The reason it worked was because I knew that
was the time to plant.' "

Maybe gardeners are trying to get back to something they have forgotten. "These
things like planting by the zodiac and the phases of the moon were based on
close observations of periods of chill and clouds and exposure to light and the
ups and downs of barometric pressure," said H. Marc Cathey, the director of the
National Arboretum in Washington. "But they were damped out by sprinklers and
fertilizer and peat moss and tomato seeds that germinate so well, every dadgum
one comes up."

Dr. Cathey's Ph.D. is in plant physiology, but his grandmother gardened by the
signs in North Carolina. "And she was a tremendous gardener," he said. "But all
our high-germinating seeds and pesticides have damped out our ability to read
the signs.

"It's like music. We can't sight-read anymore."

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 4, 1991, Saturday

CORRECTION:

An illustration in The Home Section on Thursday about planting by the phases of
the moon reversed the progress of light and shadow across the moon's face from
new moon (entirely dark) to full moon and back to new moon. The first crescent
of light appears on the right side of the moon, and grows larger each night from
right to left till full moon; then a crescent of shadow appears on the right and
grows night by night across the face. At the first quarter, the right half of
the moon is bright and the left is dark; at the last quarter, the left half is
light and the right is dark.


GRAPHIC: Diagram: "As Sure as the Sun Will Rise Tomorrow" shows various phases
of the moon and how they help garden vegetables. (Source: "How to Grow More
Vegatables," by John Jeavons) (pg. C6)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 12, 1993, Monday

WORKING WOMAN Yes, childhood can affect job behavior Readers respond to earlier
column

BYLINE: By Niki Scottwomen; business; children; public; reaction

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section E; Page 7

LENGTH: 628 words


It's time for equal time - time for readers of this column to have the last
word. And this month you wrote to me about the ways our childhoods can affect
our adult relationships, the trials of being "imperfect" working parents,
sacrificing one's personal life for a career, and perfectionism.

After a column about the ways our childhoods can affect our interactions with
people in our workplaces, a 46-year-old marketing specialist wrote: "I read your
article just after pitching what can only be described as a 6-year-old's temper
tantrum.

"Now I realize that I was not so much angry at the business colleague who was
the target of this regrettable attack, but at my know- it-all, much-favored
older brother. Thanks for the insight!"

A secretary in Albany, N.Y., wrote: "For the first time, some of the crazy
things that go on in my office make sense! Our boss is the harsh, wicked
stepmother, and we staffers are her neglected, attention-starved kids who
ruthlessly compete for the least little scrap she's willing to throw."

And a Charleston, S.C., reader's letter began: "I read your article and was able
to go right back to a co-worker and apologize for the harsh words I'd just
spoken to her - before we ended up enemies. It's not her fault that she looks
just like the nosey, self-righteous, critical, fuddy- duddy aunt who raised me!"

An inspiration

A column in which I confessed to hardly being a model parent when my children
were little inspired a busy mother of four in Lansing, Pa., to write: "Bravo!
You reminded me that everyone fails as a parent occasionally, thereby giving me
the strength to struggle on in my own imperfect way."

And an Orlando, Fla., mother of twins wrote: "At the end of a terrible day and
even worse homecoming, I had just yelled at one twin and swatted the other, when
the headline of your article caught my eye.

"I actually laughed - at you, at parenthood in general, and best of all, at
myself. My twins don't know it, but it's just possible that you saved their
lives - and my sanity."

But most of you disapproved of a single, 52-year-old attorney quoted in a recent
column as saying she deeply regretted putting her personal life on "hold" to
pursue her career.

"Why would you give this sort of person who's interested only in whining and
complaining space in your column, when there are so many real problems facing
women out here, nowadays?" wrote a Dallas reader.

"She chose a certain path. Fine. But now that she's successful, and I assume
hardly down and out, she's crying the blues? I work every day with women who
have no choices. Please don't ask me to feel sorry for this spoiled, complaining
'victim'!"

Not too late

And an Omaha, Neb., reader added: "What's wrong with this woman? She's 52 years
old, not 102! If she wants to get married, now that she's had her career, what's
stopping her?

Finally, a column about perfectionists brought a flood of letters about the
perfectionists in your lives. "My father was a perfectionist. My ex-husband was
a perfectionist. Now I work for a man who's the most impossible-to-please,
abusive perfectionist of all.

"Reading your column on this subject made me realize that there must be
something wrong with me to keep on putting up with this sort of emotional abuse
from men, and I'm going to get help to find out what it is.

"In the meantime, I'll be looking for another job, because I don't have to put
up with this sort of sick, demeaning, neurotic garbage - not from anybody."

If you have questions or comments relating to "Working Woman" that you want to
share, please write to Niki Scott in care of this newspaper. Because of the
volume of mail, Ms. Scott is unable to reply personally but will discuss issues
of general interest in her column.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931120055

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 28, 2014 Friday

Does corruption in Charlotte affect Cleveland County?

BYLINE: Jessica Pickens, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


March 28--Corruption in Charlotte is a hot topic after Mayor Patrick Cannon's
arrest.

Allegations toward Cannon included soliciting and accepting bribes and items of
value in exchange for his official position, according to the U.S. justice
department.

When describing Cleveland County's location in the state, the proximity to
Charlotte is often a location descriptor.

Hundreds of tourists visit Cleveland County and the region when traveling to the
American Legion World Series games and visiting the Earl Scruggs Center.

With Cleveland County only 50 miles from Charlotte, how could this week's news
affect local businesses, economic development or tourism?

"Shelby is definitely a bedroom community of Charlotte,"  Gardner-Webb
University professor Ben Gaskins said. "I don't see this as potentially being
negative. If people get tired of corruption in the city, it could be a potential
draw to come to Shelby."

In 2011, the Democratic National Convention came to Charlotte, bringing people
to the region.

"I think this would make either party think twice, because neither would want to
be associated with corruption," Gaskins said. "However, New York City and
Chicago run these types of conventions and both have had major corruption. I
think the impact is limited, especially if someone takes over as mayor and runs
a clean office."

Kristin Fletcher, executive vice president of the Cleveland County Economic
Development Partnership, believes the negative attention will be short lived.

"Charlotte is a vibrant, growth-oriented city and I'm certain that this negative
news will not permanently tarnish the city's reputation, nor do I believe it
will ultimately impact their future economic growth," Fletcher said in an
e-mail. "Cleveland County continues to have a laser-focus on creating jobs and
enhancing our tax base and we will continue to promote our association with the
Charlotte Region; a relationship that we continue to benefit from."

Elected officials are focused on continuing to collaborate on projects and
remaining transparent in the public sector, Fletcher said.

Despite the corruption in the city, County Commissioner Chairman Jason Falls
thinks Cleveland County will remain a hometown community.

"I don't think it will affect our image in our area," Falls said. "People look
at our county and it's more rural and we have hometown kind of people."

Reach Jessica Pickens at 704-669-3332 or jpickens@shelbystar.com Follow on
Twitter at @StarJPickens.

___ (c)2014 The Star (Shelby, N.C.) Visit The Star (Shelby, N.C.) at
www.shelbystar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140328-SS-Does-corruption-in-Charlotte-affect
-Cleveland-County-0328-20140328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2014 The Star


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Think the presidential race can't affect NC races? Think again

BYLINE: Tim Buckland, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 640 words


April 20--NC_WILMINGTON -

WILMINGTON -- The decisive victories by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in
Tuesday's New York primary elections, along with state-level social issues,
could have a coattail effect on North Carolina races, a political expert said
Wednesday.

"People don't look at races independently," said Aaron King, a professor of
political science at the University of North Carolina Wilmington. "These things
kind of merge together."

Trump and Clinton each won New York with wider margins than pundits and polls
predicted. Trump's victory was so wide that he received 89 of the 92 available
delegates -- Ohio Gov. John Kasich won the other three, while Texas Sen. Ted
Cruz won none, ending a winning streak that he compiled in mostly Southern
states.

Trump now has 845 delegates, with 1,237 needed to secure the nomination.

"I think the bad news for the anti-Trump crowd is that he got nearly all the
delegates," King said. "Cruz had a really good last month. But for Cruz to come
in a pretty rough third is going to halt some of that momentum."

And Clinton, who won 139 delegates to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders's 106,
extended her lead to 1,948 to 1,238, factoring in Democratic unpledged
"superdelegates," party leaders who are free to assign their votes to any
candidate. A vast majority have already pledged their support to Clinton. A
total of 2,383 delegates are needed to secure the nomination.

Polling of upcoming primary states shows leads for Trump and Clinton in nearly
every contest.

King said it is still hard to tell how Trump or Clinton could sway state-level
elections, but he said they should bring more people to the polls and could
force politicians to decide which horse to back.

"For (candidates) ... it's some murky waters coming up soon on who they're going
to attach their wagons to," he said.

What could play a substantial role in statewide races is the impact of House
Bill 2, which Gov. Pat McCrory signed into law last month. The so-called
"bathroom bill" reversed a Charlotte ordinance that allowed transgender people
to use bathrooms that correspond with their gender identity.

But the law also enacted sweeping legislation that has been criticized as
discriminatory against the gay and transgender communities. Several businesses,
including PayPal and Deutsche Bank, have cancelled plans to bring hundreds of
jobs to the state and the law has sparked protests and seen several communities,
including Wilmington, pass resolutions calling for its repeal.

Winners of State Primaries and Caucuses -- InsideGov

Since the law was passed, Republican McCrory's Democratic challenger, Attorney
General Roy Cooper, has surged. A recent Elon University poll had him ahead of
McCrory, 48 percent to 42 percent.

And former state Rep. Deborah Ross, a Democrat, has pulled nearly even with
two-term incumbent Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C. The same poll had Burr barely ahead
of Ross, 37 percent to 33 percent, despite Ross's lack of name recognition
statewide.

The Cooper and Ross campaigns have each capitalized on the HB2 backlash in
frequent statements critical of McCrory and Burr.

While some polls have showed that a slim majority of state voters support HB2,
King said nothing drives voters to the polls more than anger. Examples he gave
included the 2006 and 2008 anti-Republican sentiment that saw significant
Democratic victories, followed by the 2010 Tea Party movement that prompted huge
Republican victories across the country.

"When you get into social issues ... that's something that mobilizes a lot of
voters," he said. "People, when they're angry, they're motivated to come out."

Reporter Tim Buckland can be reached at 910-343-2217 or
Tim.Buckland@StarNewsOnline.com

___ (c)2016 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160420-WG-Think-the-presidential-race-can-t-affect
-NC-races-Think-again-0420-20160420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2016 Morning Star


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Think the presidential race can't affect NC races? Think again

BYLINE: Tim Buckland, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 640 words


April 20--NC_WILMINGTON -

WILMINGTON -- The decisive victories by Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in
Tuesday's New York primary elections, along with state-level social issues,
could have a coattail effect on North Carolina races, a political expert said
Wednesday.

"People don't look at races independently," said Aaron King, a professor of
political science at the University of North Carolina Wilmington. "These things
kind of merge together."

Trump and Clinton each won New York with wider margins than pundits and polls
predicted. Trump's victory was so wide that he received 89 of the 93 available
delegates -- Ohio Gov. John Kasich won the other four, while Texas Sen. Ted Cruz
won none, ending a winning streak that he compiled in mostly Southern states.

Trump now has 845 delegates, with 1,237 needed to secure the nomination.

"I think the bad news for the anti-Trump crowd is that he got nearly all the
delegates," King said. "Cruz had a really good last month. But for Cruz to come
in a pretty rough third is going to halt some of that momentum."

And Clinton, who won 139 delegates to Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders's 106,
extended her lead to 1,948 to 1,238, factoring in Democratic unpledged
"superdelegates," party leaders who are free to assign their votes to any
candidate. A vast majority have already pledged their support to Clinton. A
total of 2,383 delegates are needed to secure the nomination.

Polling of upcoming primary states shows leads for Trump and Clinton in nearly
every contest.

King said it is still hard to tell how Trump or Clinton could sway state-level
elections, but he said they should bring more people to the polls and could
force politicians to decide which horse to back.

"For (candidates) ... it's some murky waters coming up soon on who they're going
to attach their wagons to," he said.

What could play a substantial role in statewide races is the impact of House
Bill 2, which Gov. Pat McCrory signed into law last month. The so-called
"bathroom bill" reversed a Charlotte ordinance that allowed transgender people
to use bathrooms that correspond with their gender identity.

But the law also enacted sweeping legislation that has been criticized as
discriminatory against the gay and transgender communities. Several businesses,
including PayPal and Deutsche Bank, have cancelled plans to bring hundreds of
jobs to the state and the law has sparked protests and seen several communities,
including Wilmington, pass resolutions calling for its repeal.

Winners of State Primaries and Caucuses -- InsideGov

Since the law was passed, Republican McCrory's Democratic challenger, Attorney
General Roy Cooper, has surged. A recent Elon University poll had him ahead of
McCrory, 48 percent to 42 percent.

And former state Rep. Deborah Ross, a Democrat, has pulled nearly even with
two-term incumbent Sen. Richard Burr, R-N.C. The same poll had Burr barely ahead
of Ross, 37 percent to 33 percent, despite Ross's lack of name recognition
statewide.

The Cooper and Ross campaigns have each capitalized on the HB2 backlash in
frequent statements critical of McCrory and Burr.

While some polls have showed that a slim majority of state voters support HB2,
King said nothing drives voters to the polls more than anger. Examples he gave
included the 2006 and 2008 anti-Republican sentiment that saw significant
Democratic victories, followed by the 2010 Tea Party movement that prompted huge
Republican victories across the country.

"When you get into social issues ... that's something that mobilizes a lot of
voters," he said. "People, when they're angry, they're motivated to come out."

Reporter Tim Buckland can be reached at 910-343-2217 or
Tim.Buckland@StarNewsOnline.com

___ (c)2016 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160420-WG-Think-the-presidential-race-can-t-affect
-NC-races-Think-again-0420-20160420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2016 Morning Star


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Farm Credit Services to close Lincoln office

BYLINE: Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 242 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


Omaha-based Farm Credit Services of America will close four regional credit
offices, including the one in Lincoln, by July 1.

Ann Finkner, senior vice president and chief administrative officer for a
four-state service area, said Tuesday that a consolidation move affects 17
Lincoln employees working in leased space along Northwest 12th Street near the
Lincoln Municipal Airport.

Some of those employees probably will relocate to Omaha. Others are eligible for
severance packages.

The management move does not affect 16 other positions on the payroll at
Lincoln's Farm Credit lending outlet, along U.S. Highway 34 on the city's
northwest outskirts. Nor does it affect employees at similar offices in Beatrice
and Columbus or 40 others in Nebraska, Iowa, South Dakota and Wyoming that serve
farm customers directly.

Finkner said a decision contemplated over the past 18 months means the
agricultural lender will "gain more efficiency, have more consistency, and it
will deepen our talent pool by providing employees with more opportunities in a
central location rather than in a dispersed location."

Three other regional offices at Casper, Wyo., Cedar Falls, Iowa, and Sioux
Falls, S.D., also will close by July 1. Total affected employees at the four
regional offices add up to about 80.

"The long and short of it is we're committed to agriculture in rural America,"
Finkner said, "and the decisions we make are with our board, and our board is
our customers."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 15, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

Ailing bottom line prompts Webvan to make layoffs;
Online grocer eliminates 24 metro Atlanta jobs, but says that cutbacks won't
affect service.

BYLINE: Renee DeGross

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 4G

LENGTH: 249 words


Webvan has cut 24 metro Atlanta jobs, or about 5 percent of its work force, and
a total of 80 jobs nationwide as the online grocer struggles to become
profitable.

The company said the cutbacks won't affect local service.

The layoffs at Webvan's Suwanee division affect management and support staff,
said spokeswoman Kristen Lee.

"As we right size the staff, we decided these were positions we needed to take
away," Lee said.

She added that the company has not been filling vacated positions by other
workers. "This has to do with our revised business model."

After the layoffs, Webvan will have 570 workers in metro Atlanta. The company
also recently closed a distribution transfer station in Norcross.

Webvan's losses have widened as the company struggles to become profitable.

As a result, the online grocer recently delayed plans to launch service in
northern New Jersey, Washington and Baltimore.

Instead, Webvan will focus on becoming profitable in the 10 markets where it
operates, including metro Atlanta.

Earlier this year, Webvan announced 300 workers would lose their jobs by June at
the company's Foster City, Calif., headquarters as the company integrates its
purchase of HomeGrocer.com.

Amid the cutbacks, Webvan's founder Louis Borders has resigned his position from
the board of directors.

Borders founded Webvan in 1996, and stepped down as chairman of the company last
September. He is the largest stockholder and also a founder of Borders Books.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 15, 2013 Monday

Merger plan won't affect M.J. Soffe's Fayetteville jobs, parent company says

BYLINE: Michael Futch, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


July 15--The consolidation of two M.J. Soffe domestic print operations into the
company's facility east of Fayetteville will not impact the jobs of the local
workforce, according to a spokeswoman for the sports apparel company.

"We'll continue our operations in Fayetteville," said Sam Watson, the chief
human resources officer for corporate owner Delta Apparel Inc.

Last week, Delta Apparel announced plans to consolidate its domestic print
operations in Wendell in Wake County with the Fayetteville plant off U.S. 301.

Currently, 503 people work in the Fayetteville facility, Watson said.

The Wendell plant will close sometime in the fall, she said Monday, eliminating
135 jobs. The job cuts are effective Sept. 12, according to a notice filed with
the state Department of Commerce.

The consolidation, Watson said, will lower production costs.

"We own the facility in Fayetteville and are leasing in Wendell," she said.
"It'll cut our costs."

Once the merger is complete, the company expects to save about $1.5 million
annually.

Fayetteville-based Soffe operates as a subsidiary of the Greenville, S.C.-based
Delta Apparel, along with Junkfood, The Cotton Exchange, The Game, Intensity and
Salt Life. The parent company specializes in selling casual and athletic
products through a variety of distribution channels.

Delta Apparel is not looking to increase the labor force in Fayetteville or
expand the operation, according to Watson.

"If there is a need for print capacity increases," she said, "there is an
opportunity to do that."

During an April earnings call, Delta Apparel reported revenue growth in all of
its branded apparel businesses except Soffe. Company profits would have been
greater had it not been for a 30 percent sales decline in the Soffe brand.

Watson said Delta Apparel is moving ahead with plans to reinvigorate the brand.

"We've got some new merchandising and sales talent within the company. Some new
marketing plans," she said.

Steven Cochran, appointed president and chief operating officer of Delta Apparel
in January, is managing the Soffe side of the business.

Staff writer Michael Futch can be reached at futchm@fayobserver.com or 486-3529.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130715-FY-Merger-plan-won-t-affect
-M-J-Soffe-s-Fayetteville-jobs-parent-company-says-0715-20130715

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

How Trump's First Executive Order Could Affect Employer Health Plans

LENGTH: 1556  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Society of Human Resource Management has issued the following news
release:



 President Donald Trump's Jan. 20 executive order directing federal agencies
that oversee the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to waive or delay taxes, penalties
and regulatory burdens "to the extent permitted by law" could affect employer
plans' coverage mandates and fees, but won't do so immediately.





 While the executive order has been seen as a strike against the statute's
individual mandate, which requires Americans to obtain coverage that meets ACA
specifications, less attention has been paid to how the order and resulting
agency actions might affect the employer mandate that requires organizations
with 50 or more full-time employees (or equivalent part-timers) to provide
ACA-compliant coverage to their full-time workers and to meet annual reporting
and notification obligations.



 The order applies to agency actions to implement the ACA that affect health
care providers, purchasers, patients and insurers, among others.



 "Interestingly, the executive order did not specifically mention employers, but
the broad language would seem to sweep them in as a group that is similarly
burdened by the ACA," said Joy Napier-Joyce, Baltimore-based principal and
leader of the employee benefits group at law firm Jackson Lewis.



 If the IRS concludes that the order directs it to soften the burden on
employers in their capacity as health insurers or insurance purchasers, "it
might waive, defer or grant exemptions from the employer mandate penalty and the
reporting obligation, because the mandate and its reporting obligation impose a
tax, penalty or regulatory burden on employers," remarked Edward Fensholt,
senior vice president and director of compliance services at Lockton, a benefits
brokerage and consultancy based in Kansas City, Mo., in an alert from the firm.



 ACA Reporting



 Among the federal agencies with ACA oversight responsibilities--primarily the
Departments of Labor (DOL), Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Treasury,
which includes the Internal Revenue Service --"the most immediate focus will be
whether the IRS acts to delay the reporting requirements under the employer
mandate," Napier-Joyce said.



 Last November, the IRS announced that it would give employers an additional 30
days to distribute the ACA's tax year 2016 information-reporting forms to
employees, extending the deadline from Jan. 31, 2017, to March 2. But the due
dates for filing Forms 1094 and 1095 with the IRS remain unchanged: Feb. 28 for
paper/mail submissions or March 31 for electronic filing.



 Further easing these deadlines going forward "is something the IRS has the
discretion to do without following the formal rulemaking process," she noted.
"Since employer reporting is the lynchpin to assessing employer penalties under
the employer mandate, this may be the next piece we see."



 In the meantime, "the ACA is still the law of the land," advised Scott Behrens,
a benefits compliance attorney at Lockton. "Prudent employers will want to
continue to comply with the ACA, including the play-or-pay mandate and reporting
requirements"--including furnishing Forms 1095-C to employees and making all
required filings with the IRS--"until formal guidance relieves them of those
compliance obligations."



 Similarly, "Another area which could see further relief is with respect to the
filing of IRS Forms 1094 and 1095," noted John Barlament, a partner in the
Milwaukee office of law firm Quarles & Brady, in an online post. However, "We do
not expect any significant relief with respect to 2016 coverage (i.e., the forms
which will be filed in the next few months)."



 Barlament also pointed out that in November 2016 the IRS issued a one-year
extension of the "good faith" standard for these forms. Under that standard, the
IRS generally will not penalize employers for "good faith" mistakes on those
forms, if the errors involve incorrect or incomplete information.



 "Perhaps the IRS could extend that relief for 2017 and beyond," Barlament
suggested. "The IRS could justify such relief by noting that the information
reporting obligation may disappear entirely after the ACA is revised or repealed
and, therefore, employers should not be penalized for devoting few resources to
this reporting.



 Employer Penalties



 To date, the IRS has not imposed noncompliance penalties under the employer
mandate for tax year 2015 reporting, for which filings were due in early
2016--"so employers will be eager to hear from the IRS on any formal changes or
direction in enforcement," Napier-Joyce said.



 However, many of the requirements under the employer mandate were formalized
through regulation, so "in order to effectively reverse course, formal
rulemaking processes would need to be followed at the agency level, and the
executive order expressly indicates that the directive is not attempting to
bypass those requirements," she noted. "We will have to wait to see how and when
the agencies, particularly the IRS, choose to exercise discretion."



 While the agencies can use the rule-making process to mitigate some of the
statute's requirements, "the bottom line is that congressional action is
required to outright repeal the employer mandate penalties," said Chatrane
Birbal, the Society for Human Resource Management's senior advisor for
government relations.



 [SHRM members-only HR Q&A: What are the consequences under ACA if an employer
offers no health coverage?]



 Taxes and Fees



 Among the ACA's taxes and fees on employers that could be suspended before a
formal repeal and replacement plan can be passed in Congress, Fensholt said,
include:



     The transitional reinsurance fee. This fee is set to expire for 2017, but
insurers and self-funded plan sponsors owe $27 per covered life for 2016. That
fee may be paid in two installments: $21.60 per enrollee was due on Jan. 17 and
a second installment of $5.40 per enrollee is due on Nov. 15. "The second,
smaller installment may now be on the chopping block," Fensholt said.



     The Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI) fee, also paid by
health insurers and self-insured employers. These fees, roughly $2 per enrollee,
are due by July 31. "We suspect collection of this fee will now be suspended,"
Fensholt said.



     The "Cadillac tax," a 40-percent excise tax on employer-sponsored health
coverage above certain thresholds ($10,200 for individual coverage and $27,500
for family coverage), currently suspended until 2020, "might now be suspended
indefinitely," he said.



 However, before assuming that these assessments won't need to be paid, "plans
sponsors must await the response from the IRS, DOL and HHS to the executive
order. We suspect they will not need to wait long," Fensholt said.



 Currently Delayed Provisions



 Barlament pointed out that certain provisions of the ACA, such as
nondiscrimination rules for nongrandfathered, fully insured health plans, remain
in limbo--on the books, but not enforced because the Obama administration never
finalized implementing regulations. "Presumably the Trump administration will,
at a minimum, continue to hold those provisions in limbo" and "those provisions
almost certainly will continue to be delayed," he noted.



 Required Health Benefits



 And what about the ACA's requirements that all health plans cover preventive
care and women's contraceptives on a first-dollar basis, outside of plan
deductibles? Or that small-group plans provide coverage for a list of essential
health benefits?



 "If the plan is insured through a group insurance policy, state insurance law
imposes mandates and requires the insurance company to comply with them," said
Fensholt.



 "We have already seen some states step in to the conversation with the intent
to require insurers within their state to cover contraceptives and medically
necessary abortions--for instance, New York state, through the release of draft
executive orders by Gov. Andrew Cuomo. The same may be true for preventative
services," said Napier-Joyce.



 Different coverage requirements may emerge among the states, she expects, and
among employer-sponsored plans that are self-insured, for which state insurance
mandates are preempted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act.



 "From an employer standpoint, the changes may represent the opportunity to
differentiate from competitors by continuing to offer robust benefits, even
where no longer mandated," she noted. "Although some compliance burdens may
eventually be alleviated, new options in coverage will require employers to make
some hard decisions as to the level of coverage they choose to offer" in order
to attract and retain a competitive workforce.



 "Prior to passage of the ACA, many employers had voluntarily offered the health
services and benefits that fall under 'essential health benefits' to their
employees," SHRM's Birbal noted.



 "Self-insured sponsors could try to remove the mandates from their plan
documents but would risk challenges from employees under the theory that federal
law requires plans to honor the mandates" despite nonenforcement by regulatory
agencies, cautioned Fensholt, "and failure to administer the plan accordingly"
might be viewed as a breach of fiduciary duty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

How Trump's First Executive Order Could Affect Employer Health Plans

LENGTH: 1556  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Society of Human Resource Management has issued the following news
release:



 President Donald Trump's Jan. 20 executive order directing federal agencies
that oversee the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to waive or delay taxes, penalties
and regulatory burdens "to the extent permitted by law" could affect employer
plans' coverage mandates and fees, but won't do so immediately.





 While the executive order has been seen as a strike against the statute's
individual mandate, which requires Americans to obtain coverage that meets ACA
specifications, less attention has been paid to how the order and resulting
agency actions might affect the employer mandate that requires organizations
with 50 or more full-time employees (or equivalent part-timers) to provide
ACA-compliant coverage to their full-time workers and to meet annual reporting
and notification obligations.



 The order applies to agency actions to implement the ACA that affect health
care providers, purchasers, patients and insurers, among others.



 "Interestingly, the executive order did not specifically mention employers, but
the broad language would seem to sweep them in as a group that is similarly
burdened by the ACA," said Joy Napier-Joyce, Baltimore-based principal and
leader of the employee benefits group at law firm Jackson Lewis.



 If the IRS concludes that the order directs it to soften the burden on
employers in their capacity as health insurers or insurance purchasers, "it
might waive, defer or grant exemptions from the employer mandate penalty and the
reporting obligation, because the mandate and its reporting obligation impose a
tax, penalty or regulatory burden on employers," remarked Edward Fensholt,
senior vice president and director of compliance services at Lockton, a benefits
brokerage and consultancy based in Kansas City, Mo., in an alert from the firm.



 ACA Reporting



 Among the federal agencies with ACA oversight responsibilities--primarily the
Departments of Labor (DOL), Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Treasury,
which includes the Internal Revenue Service --"the most immediate focus will be
whether the IRS acts to delay the reporting requirements under the employer
mandate," Napier-Joyce said.



 Last November, the IRS announced that it would give employers an additional 30
days to distribute the ACA's tax year 2016 information-reporting forms to
employees, extending the deadline from Jan. 31, 2017, to March 2. But the due
dates for filing Forms 1094 and 1095 with the IRS remain unchanged: Feb. 28 for
paper/mail submissions or March 31 for electronic filing.



 Further easing these deadlines going forward "is something the IRS has the
discretion to do without following the formal rulemaking process," she noted.
"Since employer reporting is the lynchpin to assessing employer penalties under
the employer mandate, this may be the next piece we see."



 In the meantime, "the ACA is still the law of the land," advised Scott Behrens,
a benefits compliance attorney at Lockton. "Prudent employers will want to
continue to comply with the ACA, including the play-or-pay mandate and reporting
requirements"--including furnishing Forms 1095-C to employees and making all
required filings with the IRS--"until formal guidance relieves them of those
compliance obligations."



 Similarly, "Another area which could see further relief is with respect to the
filing of IRS Forms 1094 and 1095," noted John Barlament, a partner in the
Milwaukee office of law firm Quarles & Brady, in an online post. However, "We do
not expect any significant relief with respect to 2016 coverage (i.e., the forms
which will be filed in the next few months)."



 Barlament also pointed out that in November 2016 the IRS issued a one-year
extension of the "good faith" standard for these forms. Under that standard, the
IRS generally will not penalize employers for "good faith" mistakes on those
forms, if the errors involve incorrect or incomplete information.



 "Perhaps the IRS could extend that relief for 2017 and beyond," Barlament
suggested. "The IRS could justify such relief by noting that the information
reporting obligation may disappear entirely after the ACA is revised or repealed
and, therefore, employers should not be penalized for devoting few resources to
this reporting.



 Employer Penalties



 To date, the IRS has not imposed noncompliance penalties under the employer
mandate for tax year 2015 reporting, for which filings were due in early
2016--"so employers will be eager to hear from the IRS on any formal changes or
direction in enforcement," Napier-Joyce said.



 However, many of the requirements under the employer mandate were formalized
through regulation, so "in order to effectively reverse course, formal
rulemaking processes would need to be followed at the agency level, and the
executive order expressly indicates that the directive is not attempting to
bypass those requirements," she noted. "We will have to wait to see how and when
the agencies, particularly the IRS, choose to exercise discretion."



 While the agencies can use the rule-making process to mitigate some of the
statute's requirements, "the bottom line is that congressional action is
required to outright repeal the employer mandate penalties," said Chatrane
Birbal, the Society for Human Resource Management's senior advisor for
government relations.



 [SHRM members-only HR Q&A: What are the consequences under ACA if an employer
offers no health coverage?]



 Taxes and Fees



 Among the ACA's taxes and fees on employers that could be suspended before a
formal repeal and replacement plan can be passed in Congress, Fensholt said,
include:



     The transitional reinsurance fee. This fee is set to expire for 2017, but
insurers and self-funded plan sponsors owe $27 per covered life for 2016. That
fee may be paid in two installments: $21.60 per enrollee was due on Jan. 17 and
a second installment of $5.40 per enrollee is due on Nov. 15. "The second,
smaller installment may now be on the chopping block," Fensholt said.



     The Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI) fee, also paid by
health insurers and self-insured employers. These fees, roughly $2 per enrollee,
are due by July 31. "We suspect collection of this fee will now be suspended,"
Fensholt said.



     The "Cadillac tax," a 40-percent excise tax on employer-sponsored health
coverage above certain thresholds ($10,200 for individual coverage and $27,500
for family coverage), currently suspended until 2020, "might now be suspended
indefinitely," he said.



 However, before assuming that these assessments won't need to be paid, "plans
sponsors must await the response from the IRS, DOL and HHS to the executive
order. We suspect they will not need to wait long," Fensholt said.



 Currently Delayed Provisions



 Barlament pointed out that certain provisions of the ACA, such as
nondiscrimination rules for nongrandfathered, fully insured health plans, remain
in limbo--on the books, but not enforced because the Obama administration never
finalized implementing regulations. "Presumably the Trump administration will,
at a minimum, continue to hold those provisions in limbo" and "those provisions
almost certainly will continue to be delayed," he noted.



 Required Health Benefits



 And what about the ACA's requirements that all health plans cover preventive
care and women's contraceptives on a first-dollar basis, outside of plan
deductibles? Or that small-group plans provide coverage for a list of essential
health benefits?



 "If the plan is insured through a group insurance policy, state insurance law
imposes mandates and requires the insurance company to comply with them," said
Fensholt.



 "We have already seen some states step in to the conversation with the intent
to require insurers within their state to cover contraceptives and medically
necessary abortions--for instance, New York state, through the release of draft
executive orders by Gov. Andrew Cuomo. The same may be true for preventative
services," said Napier-Joyce.



 Different coverage requirements may emerge among the states, she expects, and
among employer-sponsored plans that are self-insured, for which state insurance
mandates are preempted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act.



 "From an employer standpoint, the changes may represent the opportunity to
differentiate from competitors by continuing to offer robust benefits, even
where no longer mandated," she noted. "Although some compliance burdens may
eventually be alleviated, new options in coverage will require employers to make
some hard decisions as to the level of coverage they choose to offer" in order
to attract and retain a competitive workforce.



 "Prior to passage of the ACA, many employers had voluntarily offered the health
services and benefits that fall under 'essential health benefits' to their
employees," SHRM's Birbal noted.



 "Self-insured sponsors could try to remove the mandates from their plan
documents but would risk challenges from employees under the theory that federal
law requires plans to honor the mandates" despite nonenforcement by regulatory
agencies, cautioned Fensholt, "and failure to administer the plan accordingly"
might be viewed as a breach of fiduciary duty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 19, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Money matters in trade market;
Economy affects how NBA deals

BYLINE: Chris Colston

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 395 words


Financial considerations could affect how much action takes place before today's
3 p.m. ET trading deadline in the NBA.

"The economy is affecting every business, including professional sports," Dallas
Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said in an e-mail. "Every team is integrating the
economy into player valuations and what might (be) trade-wise, now and in the
summer."

That didn't stop the Sacramento Kings and Chicago Bulls from working out a
five-player deal Wednesday. The Bulls received center Brad Miller and swingman
John Salmons. Forwards Andres Nocioni, Drew Gooden and Cedric Simmons went to
the Kings, the NBA's worst team, who cleared more than $10 million in salary-cap
room for next season.

It followed Tuesday's trade of the New Orleans Hornets' Tyson Chandler to the
Oklahoma City Thunder for Joe Smith's and Chris Wilcox's expiring contracts. But
the deal was off Wednesday after Chandler failed his physical.

Such financial factors could affect the deadline as never before, TNT analyst
Mike Fratello said: "Everyone understands what the economic times are about. The
front office people must carry out the wishes and commands of the people above
them."

Fratello sees two camps: clubs looking for salary-cap relief, and those looking
to improve for a title push. NBA Commissioner David Stern expects the salary cap
($58.6 million) and luxury tax threshold ($71.1 million) to drop.

"Teams know exactly what's happening," Stern said. "The cap is coming down. ...
But teams know the rules, and they can assess their own situations."

For example, the San Antonio Spurs "would like to have one more guy to score for
them," Fratello said. "Cleveland is always concerned about Zydrunas Ilgauskas'
health. Boston is still going after (another) big man. ... The Los Angeles
Lakers (must) be concerned about the (Andrew) Bynum situation." The Lakers dealt
Chris Mihm to the Memphis Grizzlies for a draft pick.

New York Knicks President Donnie Walsh has said speculation on a deal for
inactive guard Stephon Marbury is hypothetical, and a team spokesman declined to
comment on their plans. Marbury, making $21 million, has been linked to the
Celtics, but a Boston spokesman said, "He is the property of the Knicks."

*As part of the Sacramento-Chicago deal, the Portland Trail Blazers acquired
forward Michael Ruffin from the Bulls for forward Ike Diogu, who goes to the
Kings.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Rocky Widner, NBAE/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 2, 2003, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Weekend trades

BYLINE: Mel Antonen and Rod Beaton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 467 words

Marlins-Orioles

Florida receives . . .

* 1B Jeff Conine

Baltimore receives . . .

* RHP Denny Bautista

(at Class A Jupiter, Fla., and Class AA Carolina in Zebulon, N.C.)

 * RHP Don Levinski

(at Class A Jupiter, Fla.)

 * How it affects the Marlins: Florida's spirited bid for a wild-card berth took
a hit Saturday when All-Star third baseman Mike Lowell was hit by a pitch and
broke his left hand. So, it's "Mr. Marlin" to the rescue. Although it will be
hard to replace Lowell (.277, 32 HRs, 105 RBI), Conine will try, taking his
cleanup spot in the batting order and playing left field with rookie Miguel
Cabrera moving to third base. Conine, 37, was an original Marlin, going 4-for-4
as a rookie in the first game in team history in 1993. His last appearance as a
Marlin was in Game 7 of the 1997 World Series, as Florida beat Cleveland. "It
has been quite a circle," said Conine, who still has a home in South Florida.
"It's home, and we're in a pennant race. As a player, those are the two most
exciting things you can have." The Marlins and Orioles beat the September trade
deadline, 12:01 a.m. Monday, by half an hour, working quickly after a claim by
Los Angeles kept outfielder Reggie Sanders from
going to Florida, and Milwaukee opted to hold on to outfielder John Vander Wal.
Conine's contract was extended through 2005.


* How it affects the Orioles: They take another step in the right direction in
restocking their farm system by adding two quality, 20-year-old pitching
prospects. Bautista was signed out of the Dominican Republic for $ 350,000 in
2000. He was 12-9 with a 3.41 ERA between Class A and AA this year and was good
enough to pitch in the annual Futures Game. Levinski is 4-11 with a 4.03 ERA at
Class A. He was a second-round choice by Montreal in 2001.

Twins-Yankees

Minnesota receives . . .

* LHP Jesse Orosco

New York receives . . .

* Player to be named

* How it affects the Twins: At 46, Orosco doesn't have much left in his tank,
but the Twins think he has enough to help them in their September run vs. Kansas
City and the Chicago White Sox. He'll be used to retire left-handed batters in
late-inning situations. The Twins like Orsoco's experience, and he's eligible to
be on their playoff roster if they qualify. He has a 7.99 ERA in a combined 57
games for San Diego and the Yankees, but he's limited left-handed batters to a
.236 average this season. Orosco was originally signed by the Twins in 1978 and
was a teammate of Twins manager Ron Gardenhire from 1981-85 with the New York
Mets.

 * How it affects the Yankees: Not much. The Yankees had designated Orosco for
assignment, and in their minds he was gone. Now they will get a player to be
named. It will be a marginal prospect at best, but that's better than nothing.

LOAD-DATE: September 02, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Education Week, Bethesda, Md

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Unions Back Scrapping Tax on High-Cost Health-Care Plans

BYLINE: Stephen Sawchuk, Education Week, Bethesda, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 817 words


May 13--Teachers' unions provided a lot of the muscle to get the Affordable Care
Act passed in 2010--but now they're supporting efforts to overturn one portion
of the law that stands to affect some of their members: the law's excise tax on
high-cost employer-provided health-care plans.

Both the American Federation of Teachers and the National Education Association
have pledged their support for legislation introduced April 29 by Rep. Joe
Courtney, D-Conn., that would repeal the tax, which goes into effect in 2018.
The Courtney bill has more than 70 cosponsors, including three Republicans.

Rep. Frank Fuinta, R-N.H., introduced a similar bill in February, cosponsored by
31 Republicans.

The tax would require employers to pay a penalty of 40 percent on the amount by
which the aggregate cost of a plan exceeds a certain threshold--$10,200 for
individual plans and $27,500 for family plans. The thinking behind this tax was
that so-called "Cadillac" plans with richer benefits made consumers less
responsive to the skyrocketing costs of medical care.

In contract negotiations, public-sector unions have sometimes favored
health-benefit increases, which aren't taxable, over salary increases, which
are, thereby putting their members at risk of exceeding the limits.

Although the tax would fall on employers' shoulders, it stands to affect
teachers and school officials because the costs would likely be passed on,
either through general budget paring, which could affect school funding; higher
up-front health premiums; or reduced health benefits. This would also affect
collective bargaining in states that require it, since salaries and benefits are
dealt with there.

Shifting Views

During the law's drafting, unions were among those that pushed to carve out some
exemptions in the law for heavily unionized fields, including for some medical
workers and firefighters. (Teachers weren't among the exceptions.) They also
supported revisions pushing the date of the tax back from 2013 to 2018.

A report commissioned by the 3 million-member NEA and released in April argued
that factors like age, occupation, and especially geographic location often
serve to drive up premium costs, making some plans vulnerable to the tax even if
they don't have especially cushy benefits.

Using a typical Blue Cross Blue Shield plan, the report found that geographic
location sometimes led to much higher premiums--$15,959 for San Francisco
compared to $10,214 for Huntington, W.Va. The analysis did find, however, that
benefit levels do drive up average premium costs--by 6.2 percent, the report
estimates.

The report was written by Milliman, a Tampa, Fla.,-based actuarial-consulting
organization and was based on certain assumptions about the costs of plans and
the kind of benefits included. Even so, the NEA sees its conclusions as proof of
the damaging effects of the tax.

The NEA's position is that it's unfair that some teachers could have a plan with
modest benefits and be affected by the excise tax, while others working in a
different area could hold a generous plan that doesn't reach the threshold.
Whether teachers are penalized is based on factors outside of their control, the
union argues.

"Now that it's clear that the excise tax will have arbitrary and negative
consequences, Congress must repeal the excise tax to avoid inflicting harm on
American workers and their families," said Kim Anderson, the senior director of
the NEA's center for advocacy and outreach, in a statement.

The 1.5-million-member AFT, in supporting Rep. Courtney's bill, argues that the
excise tax compromises the ACA's original goals. "The Affordable Care Act was
intended to help all Americans access high-quality health care without depleting
their paychecks and compromising their ability to save for the future," AFT
President Randi Weingarten said in a statement.

Long-Term Outlook

Michael Podgursky, a professor of economics at the University of Missouri who
specializes in the economics of education, said that a "significant number" of
teachers have plans that will be affected by the tax, though he isn't certain
exactly how many. He also says that the number of plans affected will only grow
over time.

"The problem with the Cadillac tax is it will immediately hit some teacher
plans, but it's indexed to the general rate of inflation, which is very low,"
said Mr. Podgursky. "Over time, more and more plans will cross that threshold
and become classified as Cadillac because the cost increase for insurance has
exceeded the overall inflation rate."

He said that one way districts might avoid the tax is by offering less-expensive
plans, but increasing salaries. However, since salaries are also taxed, "that
will lower the relative after-tax compensation for teachers," Mr. Podgursky
said.

___ (c)2015 Education Week (Bethesda, Md.) Visit Education Week (Bethesda, Md.)
at www.edweek.org Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150513-1ED-Unions-Back-Scrapping-Tax-on-High-Cost-Health-Care-Plans-0513-20150
513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ED


                  Copyright 2015 Education Week, Bethesda, Md


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Education Week

                                  May 13, 2015

Unions Back Scrapping Tax on High-Cost Health-Care Plans

BYLINE:


SECTION: Pg. 17 Vol. 34 No. 30

LENGTH: 797  words


Teachers' unions provided a lot of the muscle to get the Affordable Care Act
passed in 2010&#x2014;but now they're supporting efforts to overturn one portion
of the law that stands to affect some of their members: the law's excise tax on
high-cost employer-provided health-care plans.

Both the American Federation of Teachers and the National Education Association
have pledged their support for legislation introduced April 29 by Rep. Joe
Courtney, D-Conn., that would repeal the tax, which goes into effect in 2018.
The Courtney bill has more than 70 cosponsors, including three Republicans.

Rep. Frank Fuinta, R-N.H., introduced a similar bill in February, cosponsored by
31 Republicans.

The tax would require employers to pay a penalty of 40 percent on the amount by
which the aggregate cost of a plan exceeds a certain threshold&#x2014;$10,200
for individual plans and $27,500 for family plans. The thinking behind this tax
was that so-called "Cadillac" plans with richer benefits made consumers less
responsive to the skyrocketing costs of medical care.

In contract negotiations, public-sector unions have sometimes favored
health-benefit increases, which aren't taxable, over salary increases, which
are, thereby putting their members at risk of exceeding the limits.

Although the tax would fall on employers' shoulders, it stands to affect
teachers and school officials because the costs would likely be passed on,
either through general budget paring, which could affect school funding; higher
up-front health premiums; or reduced health benefits. This would also affect
collective bargaining in states that require it, since salaries and benefits are
dealt with there.

Shifting Views

During the law's drafting, unions were among those that pushed to carve out some
exemptions in the law for heavily unionized fields, including for some medical
workers and firefighters. (Teachers weren't among the exceptions.) They also
supported revisions pushing the date of the tax back from 2013 to 2018.

A report commissioned by the 3 million-member NEA and released in April argued
that factors like age, occupation, and especially geographic location often
serve to drive up premium costs, making some plans vulnerable to the tax even if
they don't have especially cushy benefits.

Using a typical Blue Cross Blue Shield plan, the report found that geographic
location sometimes led to much higher premiums&#x2014;$15,959 for San Francisco
compared to $10,214 for Huntington, W.Va. The analysis did find, however, that
benefit levels do drive up average premium costs&#x2014;by 6.2 percent, the
report estimates.

The report was written by Milliman, a Tampa, Fla.,-based actuarial-consulting
organization and was based on certain assumptions about the costs of plans and
the kind of benefits included. Even so, the NEA sees its conclusions as proof of
the damaging effects of the tax.

The NEA's position is that it's unfair that some teachers could have a plan with
modest benefits and be affected by the excise tax, while others working in a
different area could hold a generous plan that doesn't reach the threshold.
Whether teachers are penalized is based on factors outside of their control, the
union argues.

"Now that it's clear that the excise tax will have arbitrary and negative
consequences, Congress must repeal the excise tax to avoid inflicting harm on
American workers and their families," said Kim Anderson, the senior director of
the NEA's center for advocacy and outreach, in a statement.

The 1.5-million-member AFT, in supporting Rep. Courtney's bill, argues that the
excise tax compromises the ACA's original goals. "The Affordable Care Act was
intended to help all Americans access high-quality health care without depleting
their paychecks and compromising their ability to save for the future," AFT
President Randi Weingarten said in a statement.

Long-Term Outlook

Michael Podgursky, a professor of economics at the University of Missouri who
specializes in the economics of education, said that a "significant number" of
teachers have plans that will be affected by the tax, though he isn't certain
exactly how many. He also says that the number of plans affected will only grow
over time.

"The problem with the Cadillac tax is it will immediately hit some teacher
plans, but it's indexed to the general rate of inflation, which is very low,"
said Mr. Podgursky. "Over time, more and more plans will cross that threshold
and become classified as Cadillac because the cost increase for insurance has
exceeded the overall inflation rate."

He said that one way districts might avoid the tax is by offering less-expensive
plans, but increasing salaries. However, since salaries are also taxed, "that
will lower the relative after-tax compensation for teachers," Mr. Podgursky
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 25, 2011 Friday

Pundits vary on World Bank report on Afghanistan

LENGTH: 702 words


A talk show on Tolo TV on 23 November commented on the World Bank's recent
report which expressed concern over possible financial crisis in Afghanistan
after the withdrawal of foreign forces from the country and that the
international community may cut its assistance to the war-ravaged country.

Taj Mohammad Akbar, a university lecturer, said: "In order to see economic
growth, we should build capacity. We have witnessed that the government has
consistently called for spending aid through government channels, but there is
no capacity within the government. I do not think that most ministries would be
able to build capacity. Capacity is very low. The main factor is unhealthy
personnel policy in Afghanistan... Some individuals have surrounded the
government. There are some powerful men, mafias, parties and others, in central
and provincial institutions and in foreign agencies. Look, the main issue is
that they could not build capacity in Afghanistan. The other issue is
corruption. The money paid for launching projects is not spent properly and
revenues are not collected in a right manner. Thus, the WB is right  to express
its concern. We should build capacity and root out corruption and have good
governance."

Touching on commercial relations after the withdrawal of foreign forces from
Afghanistan, taking into consideration Afghan traders dealing with imports and
exports for foreign forces stationed in the country, Wahidollah Ghazikhel,
spokesman for Ministry of Commerce and Industry, said the withdrawal of foreign
forces would not affect the country to a great extent. "Look, according to
constitution of Afghanistan, there is market for economy. The government does
not have the right to interfere in market as it relates to private sector...
Undoubtedly, the US forces' withdrawal from Afghanistan will affect commerce and
logistics, but I do not think that will affect badly. Exports in Afghanistan
increase annually in addition to imports that we do a lot. Exports in
Afghanistan increase. Besides that work is under way on developing mines. Our
suggestion is that private sector should be strengthened and supported even
further. Factories should be established," he said.

Azrakhsh Hafezi, head of international relations of the Chamber of Commerce and
Industry, thinks that the USA needs to stay in Afghanistan to achieve its goals,
which are to protect its nation and to somehow ensure security in the world. He
said that the withdrawal of foreign forces would negatively affect the economy
of the country.

"The World Bank (WB) has been one of the biggest donors for reconstruction of
Afghanistan... I can tell you that Afghanistan is important for the world in
terms of some points, which are economy and politics. We are located between
population of the world and among the countries which are developing rapidly...
The USA as one of the powerful country needs to stay in Afghanistan to protect
its worldwide prestige and its location. The other aspect is about terrorism and
about existence of terrorism hideouts which pose a threat to the USA as they had
already targeted some parts of the USA. Thus, I do not believe that the USA
would leave Afghanistan bearing in mind its investments in Afghanistan,
especially devoting its sons to Afghanistan. It is a strategic need for the USA
to stay in Afghanistan. If the USA wants to control the world or to serve the
world, its presence in Afghanistan is a need. It needs to spend money to achieve
these goals... The USA supports Afghanistan. Reduction of the US forces and
withdrawal of forces of other countries such as Britain, France, Germany and
other 43 countries stationed here will create unemployment in Afghanistan. I
should mention one more thing that the USA in the fiscal year paid some 2.2bn
dollars for its logistics in Afghanistan and that was injected in the economy of
Afghanistan," Hafezi said.

Speaking on behalf of the Ministry of Finance of Afghanistan about WB's report,
Mostafa Mastur, deputy minister of finance, said: "The Ministry of Finance
welcomes the report, its findings and the time the report was released. The
ministry agrees with many parts of the report."

Source: Tolo TV, Kabul, in Dari 1800 gmt 23 Nov 11

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Meridian Star (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Meeting focuses on being "stigma free"

BYLINE: Bill Graham, The Meridian Star, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 309 words


Oct. 29--"Being Stigma Free" was the focus of a town hall meeting Tuesday night
at the EMEPA auditorium in Meridian.

The seminar was sponsored by the Meridian affiliate of the National Alliance on
Mental Illness (NAMI), the country's largest grassroots mental health
organization.

Dr. Rachel Hull, a pediatrician with North Hills Family Medical Clinic, and Dr.
Lin Hogan of Weems Community Mental Health Center were the panelists.

"Ignorance and fear still surround mental illness," NAMI director Patricia
Battle said. "It's very common, and it affects individuals and families. All of
us have been affected by mental illness in some way."

Hogan, who works with clients with substance abuse disorders, noted the mental
health field is trying to get away from terms such as "addict" and "alcoholic"
because of the demoralizing theme associated with them.

"Mental health affects physical health and vice-versa," Hull said. "And when you
talk about stigma, a lot of people think that if they seek help for depression,
people will think they're crazy."

"But waiting because you don't want people to think you're crazy can lead to
problems like an increased risk of heart disease and cancer," she said.

"Your physical health can also affect your mental health," she said. "If you
don't have the proper things in your diet, that can lead you to being
depressed."

Larry and Debbie Waller of Scooba were two of the seminar's attendees. Their son
has a mental illness and, according to Debbie Waller, connecting with others at
such meetings helps.

"It brings about change, because people are so reluctant to talk about mental
health," she said. "It affects individuals; it affects families, and it affects
our community."

___ (c)2015 The Meridian Star (Meridian, Miss.) Visit The Meridian Star
(Meridian, Miss.) at meridianstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151029-ZG-Meeting-focuses-on-being-stigma-free-1029-20151029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZG


                        Copyright 2015 The Meridian Star


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Re-authorization of Ex-Im Bank may affect local businesses

BYLINE: Michael D. Pitman, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


June 04--Butler County business giants -- including AK Steel and Western States
Machine Co. -- are among over 300 Ohio businesses who may be impacted if
Congress declines to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank.

Some state leaders are lobbying to keep the federally-backed lending source
going, touting it as a boost for job growth. Others, including Ohio Gov. John
Kasich, do not support reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, saying it is a form
of corporate welfare.

Congress has until June 30 to re-authorize the bank, commonly referenced as the
Ex-Im Bank, which provides loans to help foreign companies buy U.S. goods when
commercial lending isn't available.

Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, who supports re-authorization for the bank, said
more than 350 Ohio businesses, including 56 in a four-county Southwest Ohio
region, use the Ex-Im Bank to leverage the money used to export to other
countries. Butler County companies that use the bank include, Western States
Machine, AK Steel, Middletown Tube Works, Art Technologies and Atricure.

Ex-Im Bank "not only fills gaps in private financing," Brown said, but it helps
spur jobs, more manufacturing and more exports of U.S. goods.

"In today's global economy, we need to support Ohio businesses trying to sell
their products around the globe," Brown said. "Reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank is
essential."

But there are critics of the bank, most notably U.S. Rep. Jeb Hensarling,
R-Texas. As the House Financial Services Committee chairman, he said in a
statement those who benefit from the bank are "some of the largest, richest,
most politically connected corporations in the world."

He said while some of his Republican colleagues disagrees if the Ex-Im should
expire or reformed, "we are united in believing we cannot reauthorize the status
quo."

Kasich, a likely Republican presidential candidate in 2016, does not support
reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank.

"I don't like the idea that if the private banks cannot make loans, that
therefore the government ought to make them," Kasich said during a visit last
month to Charleston, S.C., according to a report in The Post and Courier
newspaper.

"The big guys always want 'freebies.' That's what they want. I've been against
corporate welfare from the time I was in Congress. If you're going to reform
welfare for poor people, you ought to reform it for rich people, too," he was
quoted as saying in the newspaper.

But Brown said just in this past year, the Ex-Im Bank supported more than $27
billion in exports and 164,000 American jobs. More than $250 million of those
export dollars came from Ohio -- and most of that came from small businesses, he
said.

Though many companies need and rely on the bank, Marlon Bailey, president and
CEO of Art Technologies in Hamilton, said it's more of an insurance policy for
his company. He said his company hasn't needed to tap into in the $11.2 million
of loan guarantees the company collectively received from 2007 through this
year.

"We really haven't used it," he said. "It really backs up the receivables."

They haven't needed it, Bailey said, because they know how to work within their
limits as a company.

And despite the wide use of the Ex-Im Bank by companies across the state and
country, Bailey said as a "contrarian" he feels the country wouldn't be affected
if the bank would just fade away.

___ (c)2015 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150604-HL-Re-authorization-of-Ex-Im-Bank-may-affect
-local-businesses-0604-20150604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2015 The Journal-News


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 18, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

PARALYMPIC GAMES;
STAYING ACTIVE;
Exercise for all -excuses for none

BYLINE: Amanda Husted; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS OLYMPICS; Pg. 16E

LENGTH: 401 words


Lift weights, play basketball, racquetball, rugby or tennis. Or, try a little
rock climbing or water skiing.

Sounds healthy?

But therapists say the worst thing people do after an injury - whether the
disability is temporary or permanent - is give up exercise.

"When people suffer a disability, sometimes they're restricted by the
disability, and sometimes they're restricted by the perception that there's
nothing available," Rick Gingras said Thursday, demonstrating how people can
adapt standard weightlifting equipment by using belts and grips that fit in a
gym bag.

Exercise is essential for everyone, particularly the disabled, to maintain bone
and muscle strength, improve circulation and control weight, Gingras said. And
the possibilities for exercise are endless.

Paraplegic and quadraplegic patients are riding stationary bicycles with the
help of electrical stimulation in research at the Rick Hansen Centre of the
University of Alberta in Edmonton, where Gingras is director of programs.

At Shepherd Center of Atlanta's Pro Motion Center, some 40 percent of the
350-plus members have disabilities. People with spinal injuries, arthritis,
multiple sclerosis or other problems exercise with weights, swim, take aerobics
classes, or play wheelchair sports including basketball, fencing and rugby.

Shepherd's outdoor specialist, Mike Hufstetler, conducts an annual "adventure
skills workshop" to teach people how to adapt their new bodies to their old
pursuits - scuba diving, water skiing, horseback riding, rifle shooting,
rafting, camping, fishing, even deer hunting. The rest of the year, he helps
patients adapt to outdoor activities and leads day and weekend outings.

"In the last half-dozen years, there have been great strides in equipment for
outdoor recreation," Hufstetler said. For instance, two manufacturers produce
deer stands that lift people into the trees - "an elevator in the woods," he
said.

At Casa Colina Centers for Rehabilitation in Pomona, Calif., recreational
therapist Anne M. Johnson directs a high-adventure, high- risk program for
people with disabilities. Recent adventures include dog sledding and snow
camping in Minnesota, where temperatures reached minus 57 degrees Fahrenheit.

"Through the course of a trip, an individual's perception of himself changes,
like it does for all of us when we're really challenged," Johnson said.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sandy Mitchell of Bermuda rides an arm cycle at the Sporting
Club
 at Windy Hill. / ANDY SHARP / Staff
 Chart: TRACK
 Classifications
 TRACK (T) AND FIELD (F)
 In the Paralympics, athletes are classified according to the extent of
 their disability so they can compete against those with similar
 functional ability. Generally, the lower the number, the more extreme the
 disability.
 -Visually Impaired
 T10, F10: No light perception, unable to recognize hand shapes
 T11, F11: 2/60 and/or visual field of less than five degrees
 T12, F12: 2/60-6/60 and visual field of more than five and less than 20
 degrees(Normal field of vision is approximately 120-180 degrees.)
 -Amputee
 T42: Single above the knee, combined lower and upper limb amputations,
 minimum disability
 T43: Double below the knee, combined lower and upper limb amputations,
 normal function in throwing arm
 T44: Double below the knee, combined lower and upper limb amputations,
 moderate reduced function in one or both limbs
 T45: Double above the elbow, double below the elbow
 T46: Single above the elbow, single below the elbow, upper limb function
 in throwing arm
 F40: Double above the knee, combined lower and upper limb amputations,
 severe problems when walking, crutches may be used
 F41: Standing athletes with no more than 70 points in the lower limbs**
 F42: Single above the knee, combined lower and upper limb amputations,
 normal function in throwing arm
 F43: Double above the knee, combined lower and upper limb amputations,
 normal function in throwing arm
 F44: Single above the knee, combined lower and upper limb amputations,
 normal function in throwing arm
 F45: Double above the elbow, double below the elbow
 F46: Single above the elbow, single below the elbow, upper limb function
 in throwing arm
 -Cerebral Palsy
 T30: Severe to moderate involvement, uses one or two arms to push
 wheelchair, control is poor, affects both arms and legs
 T31: Severe to moderate involvement, foot propelled wheelchair push,
 affects both arms and legs
 F30: Limited control of movements, some throwing motion
 T32, F32: Full upper body strength in upper extremity, propels wheelchair
 independently, affects both arms and legs or same side arm and leg
 T33, F33: Good functional strength with minimal limitation or control
 problems in upper limbs and trunk, affects lower legs
 T34, F34: May use assistive devices, slight loss of balance, affects
 lower legs or both legs and one arm
 T35, F35: Walks or runs without assistive devices, balance and fine motor
 control problems
 T36, F36: Good functional ability in dominant side of body; affects arm
 and leg on same side of body
 T37, F37: Minimal involvement: Could be present in lower legs, arm and
 leg on same side of body, one leg or demonstrate problems with balance
 -Wheelchair
 T50: Uses palms to push wheelchair, may have shoulder weakness
 T51: Pushing power comes from elbow extension
 T52: Normal upper limb function, no active trunk
 T53: Backwards movement of trunk, uses trunk to steer, double above-the-
 knee amputations
 F50: No grip with non-throwing arm, may have shoulder weakness
 F51: Difficulty gripping with non-throwing arm
 F52: Nearly normal gripping with non-throwing arm
 F53: No sitting balance
 F54: Fair to good sitting balance
 F55: Good balance and movements backwards and forwards, good trunk
 rotations F56: Good movements backwards and forwards, usually to one side
 (side to side movements)
 F-57: Standard muscle chart of all limbs must not exceed 70 points **
 ** The extent of the disability is represented by an evaluation which
 tests function and strength of the muscle groups. Function and muscle
 strength are represented by point values for each class
 SWIMMING
 S1: Unable to catch water; restricted range of motion; no trunk control;
 leg drag; assisted water start
 S2: Unable to catch water; restricted range of motion; no trunk control;
 slight leg propulsion; unassisted water start
 S3: Wrist control limited; limited arm propulsion; minimal trunk control;
 hips below water; water start
 S4: Wrist control; arms not fully fluent; minimal trunk control; hips
 below water; better body position
 S5: Full propulsion in catch phase; limited arm movement; trunk function;
 leg propulsion; sit or stand starts
 S6: Catch phase present; arm movement efficient; trunk control; leg
 propulsion; push start, sit or stand
 S7: Good hands, good arms; good trunk; hips level; stand or sit dive
 start S8: Hand propulsion; arm cycle good; trunk good; hips and legs
 level; use of start blocks
 S9: Full hand propulsion; full arm propulsion; full trunk control;
 propulsive kick; dive start from blocks
S10: Full hand and arm propulsion; full trunk control; strong leg kick;
 dive start and propulsion in turns
 -Visually impaired
 B1: No light perception; unable to recognize hand shapes
 B2: Visual acuity of 2/60 with less than 5 degrees field of vision
 B3: Visual acuity of 2/60-6/60 and field of vision form 5-20 degrees
 (Normal field of vision is approximately 120-180 degrees)

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               September 3, 2014

                               Vector Group Ltd.

                             100 S.E. Second Street
                                  Miami 33131
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Vector Group Ltd. (Vector) manufactures and markets tobacco products. It
develops low nicotine and nicotine-free cigarette products, and develops reduced
risk cigarette products. Presence in niche segment and strengthening liquidity
position are the strengths of the company, even as declining revenue,
litigations and lawsuits and substantial debts remain concern areas. Going
forward, the company's growth may be threatened by stringent regulations and
increased labor costs and increase in counterfeit products. However, increase in
consumer spending in the US, positive outlook of global tobacco market and
strategic initiatives may present ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
PRESENCE IN NICHE SEGMENT
Vector Group is one of the leading players in the niche reduced risk cigarettes
segment, which provides it with a competitive edge over its peers in the
marketplace. Although the company is widely known for its discounted cigarettes,
it has presence in the niche reduced risk cigarettes segment too. Its major
brands in the niche segment include Pyramid, Eve and Grand Pix. In 2011 the
company strengthened its presence in this segment through an investment of US$
140,000 in research and development activities. This market presence ensures
steady top-line performance of the company.
STRENGTHENING LIQUIDITY POSITION
The company's liquidity position has strengthened in the current fiscal year.
Its current ratio in FY2012 was 3.27 in comparison with 1.61 in FY2011. This may
be attributed to increase in total current assets of the company by 25.37 % from
US$510 million in FY2011 to US$639 million in FY2012. Similarly, the company's
total current liabilities decreased by 38.08% in FY2012 in compared to the
previous fiscal. Strengthening liquidity position is an indication of the
company's increasing ease in funding its day to day operations.

WEAKNESSES:
DECLINING REVENUE
The company's financial performance declined in the last fiscal. Its revenue
declined by 4.30% from US$1133 million in FY2011 to 1084 million in FY2012. This
was primarily attributed to an unfavorable sales volume of US$101,669
(approximately 892 million units) partially offset by a favorable price variance
of US$52,835 primarily related to increases in the price of PYRAMID. Declining
revenue decreases investors' confidence in the company.
SUBSTANTIAL DEBTS
Increasing amount of indebtedness is one of the major areas of concern for the
company. As of December 31, 2012, the company had a long term debt of US$587
million, an increase of 19.00% compared to the previous year. These indebtedness
increases its vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions
limits its ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working
capital, capital expenditures, dividend payments, acquisitions, general
corporate purposes or other purposes; and places the company at a competitive
disadvantage with competitors who may have less indebtedness and other
obligations or greater access to financing. Thus substantial debts could
adversely affect company's operations and prevents from satisfying its debt
obligations.
LITIGATIONS AND LAWSUITS
Lawsuits filed against the company may impact its bottom-line performance. The
company has been a defendant in several lawsuits and also filed lawsuits against
other parties to safeguard its market position. If the ruling goes against the
company, its performance may suffer. As of December 31, 2011, there were over
5,800 individual suits, six purported class actions or actions where class
certification has been sought and one health care cost recovery actions pending
in the US in which the company and its subsidiary Liggett were named as
defendants. In addition, 52 Engle progeny cases, where Liggett was named as a
defendant, were scheduled for trial in 2012. Pursuing and defending lawsuits is
expected to inflate its expenditures, besides impacting its brand image in the
marketplace.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
Increase in the consumer spending is a positive factor for the company's
operating. According to a recent report by the US Bureau of Economic Analysis
(BEA), in 2012, personal income (PI) in the US increased by US$455 billion or
3.52% and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by US$381 billion or 3.30%
as compared to 2011. In addition, personal consumption expenditures (PCE)
increased by US$391 billion or 3.64% during the same period. Growing personal
income, disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures
indicates improved consumer spending in the US, which may positively affect the
purchases of the company's products.
POSITIVE OUTLOOK OF GLOBAL TOBACCO MARKET
The company may be benefitted from the increase in global tobacco consumption.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO) there are at present one
billion smokers globally. Furthermore, the consumption of tobacco products is
increasing globally, though it is decreasing in some upper middle-income and
high-income countries. Since the company is a leading manufacturer of tobacco in
the US, the demand for its products may increase as a result of increase in
global tobacco consumption.
STRATEGIC INITIATIVES
Strategic growth initiatives may enhance the business and operations of the
company. During 2013, the company introduced a new discount brand, Eagle 20's to
its Tobacco business segment. In addition, as a part of strategic initiatives
the company's subsidiary New Valley LLC has plans to develop luxury residential
condominiums in its recently acquired 122,000 sq. ft. office building at Beach
Street in Tribeca, Manhattan. The company also plans to work with Witkoff Group
and Winthrop Realty Trust for redeveloping Times Square-area site into retail,
restaurant and entertainment businesses, and a 450-room hotel. These initiatives
may provide growth opportunities for the company in the coming years.

THREATS:
INCREASED LABOR COSTS
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increases in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees are resulting in an increase in labor costs. The federal
minimum wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
The minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$5 per hour since 1997 and
increased to US$7 per hour in July 2010. In addition, the minimum wage rates
have crossed or are nearer to US$9 per hour in several states such as
Washington, California, District of Colombia, Oregon and Massachusetts, among
others. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, wages and salaries have
increased by 1.70% during the 12 month period ending September 2012.
Additionally, nine states have increased the minimum wages by 10 to 35 cents,
effective from January 1, 2013. The company operates in the US. Therefore, rise
in minimum wages may increase its operating costs, which in turn affects its
profit margins.
STRINGENT REGULATIONS
The company is subject to national and international regulations, which change
from time to time and may affect its operational activities adversely. During
the recent years, tobacco regulations have been increasing. Restrictions on
smoking in public places and workplaces, design features of cigarettes, ban on
advertising and promotions, health warning requirements, bans on display of
tobacco products at retail, ingredient disclosure laws and several others will
impact the company's strategies. The World Health Organization dedicated a
global ban on all tobacco advertising, promotion and sponsorship and calls on
governments, organizations and individuals to help break the marketing net so
that young people around the world can grow up tobacco-free. Furthermore, the
Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (Tobacco Control Act) in the
US is in force since 2009, and it gives the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
the authority to regulate the manufacture, distribution, and marketing of
tobacco products for protection of public health. Increasing regulations may
affect sales volume and profits of the company.
INCREASE IN COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS
The company's business may be adversely affected due to the huge influx of
counterfeit products in the US. Such a high penetration of counterfeit
merchandise may lower the sales of the company and adversely affect its profit
margins. The low prices of these products encourage more and more customers to
buy the fake goods, which affects the market share of branded goods. Moreover,
as the customers end up buying the counterfeited products bearing the
look-a-like brand labels, the low quality of these counterfeits affects the
consumer confidence and also tarnishes the reputation of the genuine company.
According to The International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition, counterfeiting
costs the US businesses US$200 billion to US$250 billion annually and
5.00%-7.00% of the world trade is in counterfeit goods. Furthermore, since 1982,
the global trade in illegitimate goods has increased from US$6 billion to US$600
billion annually. Therefore, this may be a cause of concern for the company as
it sells tobacco and are prone to such threats.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Crohn's disease is linked to genetic makeup

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 462 words


Question: What is Crohn's disease?

Eliason: Crohn's disease is a chronic, life-long condition causing inflammation
and sores along the digestive tract. It is a type of inflammatory bowel disease.
Most often, it affects the lower part of the small intestine, or in some cases,
it affects both the small and large intestines. In extreme cases, the
inflammation affects the whole digestive tract - the mouth, esophagus, stomach,
small and large intestines, appendix and anus. Crohn's disease is often painful
and can lead to life-threatening complications.

Q: What causes Crohn's disease?

Eliason: The cause of Crohn's disease is still unknown. There are many theories.
It may be a virus or bacteria affecting the body's immune system, or a person's
immune system may be creating an abnormal inflammation reaction.

Q: Who is at risk for Crohn's disease?

Eliason: Crohn's disease can develop at any age, but most often develops between
15 to 35 years of age. It affects men and women equally. Though, people are at
higher risk when the person has the following traits: Caucasian, Eastern
European background, especially Jews of European descent; has a family history;
lives in a developed country, in a city or in a northern climate; smokes.

Q: What are the symptoms of Crohn's disease?

Eliason: Each person's symptoms may vary but can include abdominal or belly
pain, often in the lower right area; anal cut or tear; diarrhea, sometimes
bloody; fever; joint pain; rashes; rectal bleeding; and weight loss.

Crohn's disease symptoms may look like other health problems. Always get
diagnosed by a physician.

Q: How is Crohn's disease diagnosed?

Eliason: A physician performs a medical history and physical exam. If a person
has recurring symptoms that may indicate Crohn's disease, the physician will
consider additional tests including biopsy, blood tests, colonoscopy, CT scan,
MRI, stool culture, upper endoscopy, upper GI series and lower GI series.

Q: How is Crohn's disease treated?

Eliason: Crohn's disease does not have a cure, but multiple treatment options
exist to improve symptoms, control inflammation and ensure proper nutrition.

A physician creates a personal care plan based on:

o Age, overall health and medical history.

o Extent of the condition.

o Family planning goals, such as future pregnancies.

o If the condition is expected to worsen.

o Personal opinion and preference.

o Personal tolerance for specific medicines, procedures or therapies.

Dr. Kyle Eliason is a gastroenterologist at Sanford Clinic in Bismarck. Eliason
graduated from Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond and completed his
residency in internal medicine from the University of Iowa in Iowa City. He is
board certified in internal medicine and gastroenterology by the American Board
of Internal Medicine.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 2, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

WEST COAST CASE TO AFFECT OXFORD HOUSE HAVENS HERE

BYLINE: William H. Freivogel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 815 words


MIKE'S FATHER left home when he was 2. His mother worked full time while raising
seven children. By 11, Mike was hooked on pot and LSD.

"I used for 20 years," he says. "For the first 10, I just thought I was insane.
For the next 10, I was in a fog. This place saved my life."

"This place" is one of the 16 Oxford Houses in the St. Louis area and 500
nationwide where groups of about 10 recovering alcoholics and drug addicts live
together to help each other conquer their addictions.

Mike has been sober for the 3 1/2 years that he has lived in this old house with
stained glass windows in the Hi-Pointe neighborhood.

A thousand miles away, the U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments on Wednesday that
could affect Oxford houses across the country. The city of Edmonds, Wash., asked
the court to permit cities to enforce zoning laws that effectively exclude
Oxford Houses from the residential neighborhoods where they locate in order to
escape the temptations of liquor stores and drug markets.

W. Scott Snyder, attorney for Edmonds, argued that the court should adhere to
the "70-year deference" to local zoning laws and allow the city to "set aside
part of the community for single families." Lower courts had ruled that Edmonds'
zoning law discriminated against the handicapped in violation of the Fair
Housing Act.

President Bill Clinton's administration agreed with the lower court. Deputy
Solicitor General Paul Bender said the Edmonds zoning law was "exactly the kind
of discrimination" that Congress sought to prohibit.

The Supreme Court's decision, expected by summer, could affect the Oxford House
in Hi-Pointe and another in the Central West End, where St. Louis is trying to
enforce its zoning ordinances after complaints.

The decision could also affect other kinds of group homes, like those for
Alzheimer's patients that stirred up opposition in Ballwin and Creve Coeur.

Oxford House began in the Washington suburb of Silver Spring, Md., in 1975. The
idea is based on three principles: financial self-sufficiency, democratic
self-governance and expulsion of anyone suffering a relapse.

The program worked so well that Congress provided $ 100,000 in seed money in
1988 to expand the program. That same year Congress passed an amendment to the
Fair Housing Act that bars housing discrimination against those with
"handicaps," including recovering addicts.

The law requires cities to make "reasonable accommodations" for the handicapped.
But it has an exception for ordinances that restrict the "maximum number of
occupants" in a dwelling.

Most of the Supreme Court argument revolved around this mundane legal point.
Snyder said the Edmonds law, barring more than five unrelated people in a house,
fit the exception. But Bender argued that the exception only included laws that
prescribe a certain number of square feet per person in order to protect health
and safety.

Edmonds' law discriminates against Oxford House because it would permit 10 or 15
family members but only five Oxford House residents, he said.

Since 1988, Missouri has set up 38 Oxford Houses and Illinois 20.

Most who enter the houses - 76 percent - have relapsed in previous treatment
programs. By contrast, about 70 percent of residents and graduates do not
relapse. When the Hi-Pointe house opened four years ago in this neighborhood
full of judges, police and city employees, some residents were up in arms.

At a neighborhood meeting, some residents voiced concern about rapists moving
in.

Residents complained to Alderman Daniel J. McGuire. A parade of seven city
inspectors showed up checking for violations. One inspector said  neighbors were
concerned about a "multiracial population," the trial transcript says.

The city adopted an ordinance permitting as many as eight unrelated persons. But
Oxford House sued, maintaining that the homes needed at least 10 residents to
function properly. The law discriminated against Oxford House, the organization
charged, because it permitted more than eight members of a family in a house,
but not more than eight Oxford House residents.

Federal Judge Catherine D. Perry ruled against the city, concluding that
opposition had resulted from stereotypical fears. The city has appealed.

McGuire defends the law. "It's different to have 10 adults with their habits
than children where there is discipline and control," he said.

The opposition to the Oxford House has faded in the Hi-Pointe neighborhood, says
Richard Schwartz, a lawyer who lives directly behind the home.

Chuck (a pseudonym) and Kent have made Oxford House their home for nearly four
years. Both trace their recoveries to the "power of peer pressure." For Chuck,
the house has become a family. He gives out presents at Christmas and organizes
Thanksgiving dinner.

"You get your head out of the fog, and you realize you want to live," he says.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic Chart by Tom Borgman/Post-Dispatch - Missouri Oxford
House Residents Race White    55% Black    42% Other     1% Hispanic  2% Sex
Female  24% Male    76% Addictions Alcohol Only   38% Other Drugs    62% 70
percent had prior jail time About 70 percent stay clean and sober 38 houses in
Missouri 20 houses in Illinois 16 houses in the St. Louis Metro area

TYPE: PROFILE OXFORD HOUSE

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Capital (Annapolis, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

School officials not expecting women's protests to affect attendance

BYLINE: Cindy Huang, The Capital, Annapolis, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 446 words


March 08--Last month, a national immigrants' strike resulted in a spike in
student absences in Anne Arundel schools with high numbers of English learners
and Hispanic students. A similar strike is organized for Wednesday called "A Day
Without a Woman" to protest pay and social inequities between genders.

But county officials aren't expecting a similar participation.

Anne Arundel County Public Schools spokesman Bob Mosier said school officials
are expecting students and teachers to show up Wednesday. The president of the
Teachers Association of Anne Arundel County, Richard Benfer, said the
organization doesn't promote or condone any type of sick out or strike movement.

Some school districts outside of Maryland announced school closures in
anticipation of high teacher absences. Alexandria City Public Schools, in
Virginia, will be closed for students Wednesday after more than 300 staff
members requested leave. Similarly, Chapel Hill-Carrboro City Schools, in North
Carolina, will close Wednesday after "significant" number of staff members
notified school leaders of their intention to stay at home.

The protest movements grew to oppose President Donald Trump after he won the
2016 election. The goal is to highlight the economic power and contribution of
women and immigrants. Participants are encouraged to take a day off from work
and abstain from shopping. The immigrants' strike on Feb. 16, "A Day Without
Immigrants," called for students to stay at home, but the women's strike did
not.

Nearly half the students didn't show up at Tyler Heights Elementary School on
Feb. 16, where more than three-quarters of students are Hispanic and more than
half are in an English language learning program. The 297 absent students that
day drastically contrasted with the 41 students absent the same day a week
prior.

County schools have seen significant increases in its Hispanic and its
English-learner population in the past decade.

More than a third of students were absent Feb. 16 at Walter S. Mills-Parole
Elementary School, where almost 60 percent the students are Hispanic and more
than a third are English learners.

About a quarter of students were absent from Annapolis High School, which is
about twice as much as the same day the previous week.

Other schools with high absentee rates that day, in comparison to the same day
the previous week, include Germantown Elementary, Hilltop Elementary, Marley
Elementary, Brock Bridge Elementary, Park Elementary, Bates Middle and Annapolis
Middle schools.

www.Twitter.com/ChuangCapGaz

___ (c)2017 The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) Visit The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) at
www.hometownannapolis.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170308-UU-School-officials-not-expecting-women-s-protests-to-affect
-attendance-0308-20170308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UU


                                 Copyright 2017


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 24, 2015 Friday

UPDATE: Dismissal of Greensboro redistricting plan won't affect Trinity

BYLINE: Paul B. Johnson, The High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 660 words


July 24--TRIAD -- UPDATED 3:45 P.M.

A federal judge's injunction to stop a controversial redistricting plan from
moving forward in Greensboro for this fall's election won't affect changes for
Trinity.

The decision on Thursday night by Judge Catherine Eagles means that the plan for
Greensboro outlined in House Bill 263, which would eliminate at-large seats and
strip the mayor of voting power, won't take effect for this year's municipal
campaign season. Candidate filing in Greensboro will begin Monday under the
previous districts in place before the N.C. General Assembly passed the
contentious revision pushed by state Sen. Trudy Wade, R-Guilford.

Greensboro Mayor Nancy Vaughan told The High Point Enterprise Friday that
changes for Trinity's municipal election this fall, which were included in the
same bill with Greensboro, won't be affected by the ruling. That's because
Trinity wasn't a party to the legal challenge that Greensboro brought earlier
this month in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina.

The attorney for the city of Trinity, Nick Herman, confirmed to the Enterprise
that the judge's decision won't affect Trinity.

Filing for Trinity elections also will begin Monday under the new plan. House
Bill 263 included a provision to delay by two weeks the candidate filing period
for both cities.

Because of the changes, the only Trinity race this fall will be for the new
at-large, citywide council seat.

The Trinity election changes, which were spearheaded by state Rep. Pat Hurley,
R-Randolph, will reduce the size of Trinity City Council by a net of three
seats. The plan would eliminate four ward seats and add an at-large council
seat, meaning city government would have a mayor and five councilmembers. The
bill also reduces the council terms from four to two years.

Hurley has said she introduced the bill because of concerns expressed by
constituents in Trinity that the current council format has spurred division in
the city. A more compact council, Hurley has argued, will lead to more
cooperation among elected officials.

But critics, such as Trinity Mayor Jesse Hill, say House Bill 263 unfairly
interferes in the local affairs of the city and that any elections changes
should have been approved by the council as a whole or citizens in a referendum.

Hurley said Friday that she continues to believe the changes "will be good for
the city of Trinity."

In a sense, the judge's ruling brings Hurley's proposal back to its original
intent. Earlier this year, the five-term legislator filed House Bill 263 as a
stand-alone bill to change Trinity's elections. The legislation passed by a wide
margin in the state House.

But in mid-June, the Senate Redistricting Committee wrapped Wade's Greensboro
redistricting plan into the Trinity legislation under the same bill. Wade's
proposal has galvanized opposition across wide quarters of Greensboro, with city
officials arguing the General Assembly was trying to impose an unwanted
redistricting plan on Greensboro.

The ruling by Eagles, in essence, left the Trinity legislation in its original
intent for the northern Randolph County city.

pjohnson@hpenews.com -- 888-3528 -- @HPEpaul

Trinity changes

--State House Bill 263 changes the composition of the Trinity City Council
starting with this fall's election. The Trinity City Council will shift from a
mayor and eight councilmembers to a mayor and five councilmembers. In addition,
the legislation will change the time in office for council members from
four-year to two-year terms.

--The seats of the four councilmembers that will be eliminated are: Debbie
Frazier in Ward 1, Ed Lohr in Ward 2, Chester Ayers in Ward 3 and Linda Gantt in
Ward 4. The council under the new format will take office in early December
following the Nov. 3 general election.

___ (c)2015 The High Point Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) Visit The High Point
Enterprise (High Point, N.C.) at www.hpenews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150724-HP-UPDATE-Dismissal-of-Greensboro-redistricting-plan-won-t-
affect-Trinity-0724-20150724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2015 High Point Enterprise


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 18, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Cubs-Pirates trade

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 147 words

Chicago Cubs receive . . .

* 1B Randall Simon

Pittsburgh Pirates receive . . .

* OF Ray Sadler

(at Class AA West Tenn in Jackson, Tenn.)

Analysis

How it affects the Cubs: Still looking to bolster their offense after the Texas
Rangers' Rafael Palmeiro refused to waive a no-trade clause, the Cubs get a
left-handed hitting first baseman who can hit for average and power. The move is
bound to affect rookie Hee Seop Choi, who has struggled since sustaining a
concussion June 6 and already was sharing time with veteran Eric Karros. Simon,
28, is one of the most difficult players to strike out. He is best remembered
for taking a swing of the bat at the runner dressed as an Italian sausage during
a road game vs. the Milwaukee Brewers.

How it affects the Pirates: In a rebuilding mode, the Pirates get a promising
young outfielder who isn't far from the bigs.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Baker: Stop blame game on opioids

BYLINE: By Matt Murphy, State House News Service

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 859 words


BOSTON -- Gov. Charlie Baker called for finger-pointing to stop after another
New England governor -- this time New Hampshire Gov. Chris Sununu -- tried this
week to blame the city of Lawrence for his state's opioid crisis and ignited a
war of words between the neighbors.

"I do view this as a problem that affects us all and I think singling out a
single community or a single state is just not accurate and it doesn't represent
what the vast majority of us believe to be the case," Baker told reporters in
Boston on Thursday in response to Sununu.

Sununu started the dust-up Wednesday when he went before the Greater Manchester
Chamber of Commerce and claimed that 85 percent of the fentanyl in New Hampshire
came "straight out of Lawrence, Massachusetts."

The new Republican governor later went on Boston Herald Radio and took aim at
Lawrence's status as a so-called sanctuary city: "So you have undocumented drug
dealers that are dealing these drugs, they are getting arrested, they are being
given bail by judges ... they're jumping bail, getting a new ID and they're back
in that same home dealing drugs a week later. It's an absolutely crazy system,"
he said.

Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera fired back on Thursday, saying his police department
has worked hard to make the city "an inhospitable place to buy and sell drugs."
He said that since Aug. 15 police had turned over five people to the federal
government who were in the country illegally and committed crimes.

"I don't think he understands what he's talking about," Rivera said.

It's not the first time a governor of another New England state has tried to
blame on Bay State cities with heavy immigrant populations for their heroin,
fentanyl and opioid addiction problems.

Last summer at a conference in Boston, Maine Gov. Paul LePage said black and
Hispanic drug dealers from Lawrence and Lowell, Waterbury, Conn., and Brooklyn
and the Bronx were to blame for peddling opioids in his state.

Baker said the opioid epidemic is a national problem with no one source of
illegal drugs.

"That's driven by a lot of things, but I believe that the root cause of most of
that was driven by the causal attitude that the medical community put toward
writing prescriptions for opioids that they didn't fully appreciate or
understand," Baker said.

At a meeting of New England governors over the weekend in Washington, Baker
previously told the News Service that the discussion of fentanyl ate up over
half their time together, though he said Thursday that Sununu did not raise his
concerns about Lawrence or "sanctuary cities" in Massachusetts during the
meeting.

Sununu told the Greater Manchester Chamber of Commerce, however, that he had put
the other governors in the region on notice. "I sat down with Charlie Baker and
all the governors from the New England regions and said we're going to cross
borders, you better get ready. I'm working with the DEA in Bedford, working with
the DEA in Boston, our state police, their state police," Sununu said, according
NH1.

Baker said the governors discussed many avenues from which drugs were entering
their states.

"I don't think it's helpful to be pointing fingers. I think we should work on
this stuff together," Baker said.

According to Baker, LePage spoke about his efforts to work with the Coast Guard
to intercept small ships bringing drugs to shore after picking up the cargo from
large shipping vessels in the Gulf of Maine.

Gov. Dannel Malloy of Connecticut talked about a highway from New York City, and
Vermont Gov. Phil Scott spoke about drug trafficking routes through the Pioneer
Valley into his state.

"My point is there are a lot of different paths that illegal drugs travel all
over this country and up the eastern seaboard and a lot of of directions they
come from and we all said we need to work together as a community to deal with
this," Baker said

Sununu and Rivera ultimately spoke by phone on Thursday, and Sununu's office
issued a statement calling the opioid crisis "the most serious public health and
safety issue" facing New Hampshire and New England.

"The mayor and his local law-enforcement personnel have been doing a good job on
this issue, but we must recognize this is a cross-border problem that requires
cross-border solutions," Sununu said in the statement. "It has no geographic
boundaries and it remains incumbent upon all of us to come together and work
collaboratively across our borders along with federal, state, and local law
enforcement. I am encouraged by my conversation with the Mayor and have invited
him to join me in developing a plan that will find solutions to this problem in
both of our communities."

FBI Director James Comey on Wednesday at an opioid summit in Virginia said
Mexican drug cartels were behind an influx of "highly, highly pure" heroin to
the United States that's being sold cheaply to people already addicted to
prescription painkillers.

Comey said the FBI's mission is to reduce the supply in order to drive up the
cost of heroin on the street and make it less attractive for those addicted to
painkillers to switch to heroin. "We cannot arrest our way out of this problem,"
Comey said, according to Fox News.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Baker: "a problem that affects us all." Sun staff photos can be ordered
by visiting our SmugMug site.
Baker: "a problem that affects us all." Sun staff photos can be ordered by
visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           December 10, 2011 Saturday

Ravens kicking around options

BYLINE: AARON WILSON; Landmark News Service

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 425  words


Cundiff questionable for tomorrow

OWINGS MILLS - Although the Baltimore Ravens haven't ruled out Pro Bowl kicker
Billy Cundiff due to a left calf injury, they have Shayne Graham on standby in
case Cundiff can't play tomorrow.

Graham was brought in for a tryout and is likely to be signed if Cundiff isn't
health enough to kick tomorrow against the Indianapolis Colts.

Graham, a former Pro Bowl kicker with the Cincinnati Bengals, was beaten out by
Cundiff last year for the Ravens' kicking job. He stood in for injured Miami
Dolphins kicker Dan Carpenter for two games this season, connecting on 4 of 5
field goals.

Cundiff didn't practice Thursday or Friday and is officially listed as
questionable on the injury report.

"We'll find out; I think so," Ravens coach John Harbaugh said Friday when asked
if he expected Cundiff to be available. "I'm hopeful, I really am hopeful. We'll
have a backup plan for sure.

"I think we'll just see how it feels (Saturday) and then into Sunday. It's not a
major thing. Basically his calf cramped up, but we'll take every precaution
between now and Sunday."

Graham was with the New England Patriots and the New York Giants last season
after being cut by the Ravens. He's a capable kicker whose only miss this season
for the Dolphins was from 47 yards against the Dallas Cowboys.

If Cundiff is sidelined or if he were to aggravate the injury tomorrow, the
Ravens also have punter Sam Koch as an option for extra points and short field
goals.

"I've seen him in the training room, but that's all I know," Koch said. "I
haven't even talked to him much. He's doing everything he can to get himself
ready for this game. He doesn't want to sit out. He wants to be there for the
game, so he's going to do everything he can to be out there on Sunday.

"You have to wait until you're out there to see how it really affects you. He
hasn't kicked since it happened. He doesn't know how it's going to affect him.
It could affect, it could not affect him. It's just kind of wait and see how it
all goes."

Cundiff missed two of his three kicks during the Ravens' 24-10 win over the
Cleveland Browns last week.

For the season, Cundiff has converted 26 of 34 field goals. He has had a
tendency to push his kicks wide right.

Koch hasn't kicked field goals in a game since he was in high school growing up
in Omaha, but hit 4 of 5 kicks in practice Thursday.

"I'm feeling pretty good," Koch said with a smile "If I have to, I'd be honored
to do it. I'd go at least 63, I'd say 63 would be my max. I'd push it back to 64
if we could tie the record."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday

NASA Studying 2015 El Niño Event As Never Before

LENGTH: 706  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Sacramento: California Institute of Technology, The state of California has
issued the following news release:



  Every two to seven years, an unusually warm pool of water -- sometimes 4 to 5
degrees Fahrenheit (2 to 3 degrees Celsius) higher than normal -- develops
across the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean to create a natural short-term climate
change event. This warm condition, known as El Ni&ntilde;o, affects the local
aquatic environment, but also spurs extreme weather patterns around the world,
from flooding in California to droughts in Australia. This winter, the 2015-16
El Ni&ntilde;o event will be better observed from space than any previous El
Ni&ntilde;o.





 This year's El Ni&ntilde;o is already strong and appears likely to equal the
event of 1997-98, the strongest El Ni&ntilde;o on record, according to the World
Meteorological Organization. All 19 of NASA's current orbiting Earth-observing
missions were launched after 1997. In the past two decades, NASA has made
tremendous progress in gathering and analyzing data that help researchers
understand more about the mechanics and global impacts of El Ni&ntilde;o.



 "El Ni&ntilde;o is a fascinating phenomenon because it has such far-reaching
and diverse impacts. The fact that fires in Indonesia are linked with
circulation patterns that influence rainfall over the United States shows how
complex and interconnected the Earth system is," said Lesley Ott, research
meteorologist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Maryland.



 Using NASA satellite observations in tandem with supercomputer processing power
for modeling systems, scientists have a comprehensive suite of tools to analyze
El Ni&ntilde;o events and their global impacts as never before. Throughout this
winter, NASA will share the latest scientific insights and imagery updates
related to El Ni&ntilde;o.



 For instance, scientists are learning how El Ni&ntilde;o affects the
year-to-year variability for fire seasons in the western United States, Amazon
and Indonesia. El Ni&ntilde;o may also affect the yearly variability of the
ground-level pollutant ozone that severely affects human health. Researchers
will be keenly focused on how the current El Ni&ntilde;o will affect the drought
in California.



 "We still have a lot to learn about these connections, and NASA's suite of
satellites will help us understand these processes in a new and deeper way,"
said Ott.



 Many NASA satellites observe environmental factors that are associated with El
Ni&ntilde;o evolution and its impacts, including sea surface temperature, sea
surface height, surface currents, atmospheric winds and ocean color. The joint
NASA/NOAA/CNES/EUMETSAT Jason-2 satellite measures sea surface height, which is
especially useful in quantifying the heat stored and released by the oceans
during El Ni&ntilde;o years.



 NASA satellites also help scientists see the global impact of El Ni&ntilde;o.
The warmer than normal eastern Pacific Ocean has far-reaching effects worldwide.
These events spur disasters, such as fires and floods. They change storm tracks,
cloud cover and other weather patterns, and they have devastating effects on
fisheries and other industries.



 NASA's Earth-observing satellites help monitor those and other impacts by
measuring land and ocean conditions that both influence and are affected by El
Ni&ntilde;o. For instance, NASA's Global Precipitation Measurement mission
provides worldwide precipitation measurements every three hours. NASA's Soil
Moisture Active Passive mission measures soil moisture in the top layer of land.
Both of these satellites are useful for monitoring drought, improving flood
warnings and watching crop and fishing industries.



 "NASA is at the forefront in providing key observations of El Ni&ntilde;o and
advancing our understanding of its role in shaping Earth's weather and climate
patterns," said Duane Waliser, chief scientist of the Earth Science and
Technology Directorate at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena,
California.



 For NASA's El Ni&ntilde;o Watch page, visit:



 https://sealevel.jpl.nasa.gov/science/elninopdo/latestdata/



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 17, 1991, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TAKEOVER AFFECTS THOUSANDS IN MISSOURI, ILLINOIS

BYLINE: Jim Gallagher Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 584 words


The seizure of Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Co. affects at least 10,000
residents in Missouri and 39,000 in Illinois who hold the company's individual
life insurance policies.  It affects thousands of others insured by Mutual
Benefit through group life programs provided by their employers. The company
issued 738 group policies in Missouri.  And it is causing consternation at the
University of Illinois, where 2,000 employees have invested $160 million of
their retirement savings in uninsured investments with Mutual Benefit.  The
company was seized by New Jersey insurance authorities Tuesday. The state
immediately called a halt to cash-ins by policyholders.  The New Jersey-based
company will still pay death and disability benefits and make payments on
annuities while under state control. Missourians' in dividual life policies have
cash values of $440 million, according to state government figures.  Missouri
insurance officials expect that policyholders will emerge unscathed and with
their coverage intact.  They note that Mutual Benefit is still solvent, despite
a troubled portfolio of real estate investments. Its problem was that
policyholders were pulling money out so swiftly that they were bleeding the
company of cash.  ''It's like a big run on a bank. You've got to step in and
stop it,'' said Chuck Renn, director of company regulation at the Missouri
Insurance Department.  If Mutual Benefit should go broke, policyholders would be
eligible to collect from state guarantee funds run by Missouri and Illinois.
New Jersey has no such fund, although the state is on the brink of adopting one.
The Missouri fund covers death benefits up to $300,000, cash values to $100,000
and annuities to $100,000. Guaranteed investment contracts, such as those bought
for employee retirement plans, are not covered.  Illinois covers policy benefits
to $300,000 and cash values to $100,000.  Group life insurance policies are
covered to $5 million.  States that run guarantee programs can assess insurance
companies that do business within their borders to pay off policyholders of
failed companies.  But customers of failed companies could have a long wait for
their money.  ''I have no idea how long it would take. It's very lengthy,'' said
Jim Fassero, regulatory specialist for the Illinois Department of Insurance.  At
the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana and Chicago, workers are
wondering what will become of their retirement savings. ''The whole world is
waiting to hear,'' said university spokeswoman Lex Tate.  Mutual Benefit
investment contracts were one of several options given to Illini employees for
their retirement accounts, she said. Sixty percent chose Mutual Benefit, largely
because of the company's reputation as a safe, conservatively run firm.  Mutual
Benefit sold few similar investment contracts in St. Louis, said Sean Lynch, the
company's regional director of group sales here. ''We never really entered this
market,'' he said.  Southern Illinois University said it had no dealings with
Mutual Benefit.  Bill Lynch, a Mutual Benefit agent in Clayton, said he's seen
no sign of panic in St. Louis among holders of individual life insurance
policies.  The agency of Lynch-Siegel & Associates has ''tons'' of Mutual
Benefit policyholders, he said, but only about 10 had asked for forms to cash in
their policies by Tuesday afternoon.  ''I've been with (Mutual Benefit for 30
years and I'm not really worried about the final outcome of it,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Derailment could affect Fayetteville Amtrak service

BYLINE: Steve DeVane, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 207 words


May 13--Amtrak trains were running between Fayetteville and Philadelphia on
Wednesday, but Tuesday night's deadly train derailment has stopped service
farther north.

No Amtrak service was offered Wednesday between Philadelphia and New York,
according to the Amtrak's website. Service was not expected to resume Thursday,
the website said.

Modified service will be available between Washington and Philadelphia,
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and New York and New York to Boston, according to the
website.

Mike Parnell, the station agent for Fayetteville's Amtrak station, said Amtrak
was notifying customers who were planning to travel north of Philadelphia.

"We're running everything up to Philadelphia and turning it around," he said.
"That could change tomorrow or tonight."

Parnell suggested that anyone with questions call Amtrak at 800-USA-RAIL.

Passengers also can get travel schedules and changes at Amtrak.com, by
Smartphone apps. Notices are posted at Amtrak.com/alerts, an Amtrak release
said.

Information also is available by following @Amtrak on Twitter.

- Steve DeVane

___ (c)2015 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150513-FY-BRF-Derailment-could-affect
-Fayetteville-Amtrak-service-0513-20150513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2015 The Fayetteville Observer


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 7, 2006 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

FALCONS REPORT;
Shoulder injury plagues Forney

BYLINE: D. ORLANDO LEDBETTER; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 583 words


Flowery Branch --- Falcons starting right guard Kynan Forney, whose right
shoulder has popped out in three of the past five games, could miss extended
time.

Forney's shoulder, which originally was injured against Arizona on Oct. 1,
popped out again against Detroit on Sunday. Reserve Austin King finished the
game.

"I don't know if surgery is an option right now," coach Jim Mora said. "I think
that we have to decide how we want to go forward. It affects our numbers. It
affects our team. It affects our ability to function when we are counting on
Kynan and he gets hurt. That's not his fault."

After the Arizona game, Forney played the following week against the New York
Giants without incident. It popped out against Pittsburgh, and he was inactive
against Cincinnati before it popped out against Detroit.

"There are a lot of guys that would have given it up already, and he hasn't,"
Mora said. "But we just have to be prudent in how we move forward and address
that issue. We don't want to get into game where we lose a guy halfway through
and we don't have a great answer to replace him with."

Since injuring the shoulder, Forney has tried to play with a harness.

"The things they can do now with the harnesses and straps, and the devices that
immobilize, but still give them range of motion is amazing," Mora said. "He's a
little bit inhibited but not to the point where I think it's hurting his ability
to function well in the offense. The problem is when it pops out."

With Forney's injury and the steroid suspension of starting left guard Matt
Lehr, the Falcons have had to juggle their interior offensive line. Tyson Clabo
and P.J. Alexander have made two starts each.

Lehr is eligible to return after Sunday's game with Cleveland.

Clabo was inactive against Detroit, forcing Mora to use King, his backup center,
when Forney's shoulder woes resurfaced. Alexander and Clabo have played well.

"I don't know that they set the world on fire, but they've certainly performed
pretty darn good," Mora said.

The Falcons also have been working rookie Quinn Ojinnaka at left guard.

"It's tough to just fit a guy in on the offensive line," Mora said. "It's a very
complex position to play, both run and pass."

In other injury news, running back Jerious Norwood was scheduled to get an MRI
exam on his knee.

After Kitna hit, Hall unloved in Motown

Cornerback DeAngelo Hall didn't win over many fans in Detroit after ramming
Lions quarterback Jon Kitna's head into the turf in the third quarter.

"I promise you: If I see him on the field again, I will try to take his head
off," Lions center Dominic Raiola told the Detroit Free Press on Monday. "I'm
serious."

Kitna started to slide after a 17-yard scramble, and Hall hit Kitna on the left
side of the head. Hall was called for a personal foul. Kitna got up swinging at
linebacker Michael Boley.

"If it was clean, it was clean," Raiola said. "That's fine. But it wasn't
nowhere near clean. ... He really disgusts me as a [defensive back], as a
cheap-shot artist. ... If he thinks that's football, he's got another thing
coming, because I'm going to see him again."

Crocker knows all about Cleveland

Safety Chris Crocker, who was acquired in a trade with Cleveland, has insight on
Sunday's game.

The Browns "typically play very hard, this group of guys. They don't give up,"
Crocker said. "They'll try to keep the score close until the fourth quarter. If
it's close in the fourth, they feel like they can win. We have to know that they
are coming in and they play hard."

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                  June 5, 2006

Proposed mining project -- what's at stake?

BYLINE: IBR Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 350  words


Agencies and previous public comments have already identified several potential
issues with the mine project, which may have to be mitigated if the mine is to
begin operating:

Mining operations could affect the quality and quantity of groundwater and river
water well into the future.

The project could have short- and long-term effects on the economy, culture, and
quality of life of Atlanta.

Mining-related activities and water diversion may affect wildlife habitat.

Vehicles taking people, chemicals and other materials to and from the mine could
impact public safety and local wildlife.

The project could affect recreation and scenic areas in the Boise National
Forest and Sawtooth Wilderness Area.

Landslides, waste rock dumps, and leaks at a leach heap could affect water
quality, wildlife habitat and public safety.

Questions often circulate around controversial projects like the proposed gold
mine in Atlanta, Idaho. Here are two:

* Could a cyanide spill contaminate drinking water?

Even if a spill took place, it might not affect drinking water supplies, said
Bruce Schuld, Idaho Department of Environmental Quality.

"It depends if cyanide is spilled in proximity to where you get drinking water
or is spilled somewhere where it can be contained and cleaned up," he said.

The state has about half a dozen cyanide leach mines that are in the process of
closing because the mine operators have extracted all the minerals or metals
they can, Schuld said. "We have dealt with some facilities where cyanide has
been released into the environment," he said. "We have treated each and every
one of them as a serious issue. But to date we haven't had any that have
adversely impacted local drinking supplies. "

* Have all major cyanide heap leach mines had spills?

True, but they haven't all had "reportable spills," said Atlanta Gold Corp.
General Manager Bruce Thorndycraft.

The federal government defines levels of toxins that are dangerous to humans and
harmful to the environment, and requires mines to report any chemical spills
larger than that. That simply hasn't happened at all cyanide leach mines, he
said.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulatory

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 15, 1994, Saturday, Final Edition

Structuring Our Sense of Self;
GWU Professor Finds Home Affects and Reflects Moods and Culture

Marianne Kyriakos, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE E1

LENGTH: 1067 words


Psychologists were baffled at first to find some Eskimo tribes in Alaska whose
members could not draw right angles. But the psychologists eventually concluded
that the Eskimos developed their unique perceptions because they grew up in
igloos.

That finding came as no surprise to Mary Jasnoski, 43, an environmental
psychologist, professor and consultant on real estate issues.

Jasnoski said the kind of house in which we grow up puts a permanent imprint on
our neurological abilities: "You think it only translates into preferences, but
it actually affects our nerves, the way we think."

From her office at George Washington University, Jasnoski studies how the
interior and architectural features of a person's house and environment affect
mood, emotion and health.

For instance, Jasnoski said she just can't live without a back door.

"I've tried it before, and I get very uncomfortable," she said. "I must have two
ways of getting into and out of the space that I live in."

At least 25 percent of the population has something called "environmental
sensitivity," she said. These people react to their physical surroundings in an
intense physiological fashion.

"Home features like number of windows and views, amount of light, placement of
walls and doorways, and room size hold special meaning to these people,"
Jasnoski said.

In the 1970s, a surgeon in Texas noticed that half his patients seemed to be
getting well faster than the other half. And he noticed that the quicker-healing
patients also were taking fewer strong painkillers and calling for the nurses
less.

The surgeon, Robert Ulrich, checked the patients' rooms and found that the
fast-healing patients had windows that looked out on trees.  The slower-healing
patients also had windows, but they faced a brick wall.

"That's one of the things that started me studying this," said Jasnoski, whose
work centers on helping people choose the best possible house and work
environments.

She counsels would-be buyers or renters to consider what surroundings make them
feel happy and at peace -- before they sign the contract.

Don't assume that city -- or country -- living will make you crazy. Jasnoski
said that happiness and the level of mental disturbance are relatively the same
in urban and rural areas.

A sense of community has more impact on happiness, and is determined by how long
you've lived someplace, your satisfaction with the area, and how many neighbors
you can identify by their first names, Jasnoski said.

"These three things indicate the number of support systems you have available in
your neighborhood, the number of social outlets you have, and how secure and
safe you feel," she said.

"In buying real estate, the outside of the house should be considered, too. When
you arrive home after a hard day's work, it is important to have a pleasing
entrance to your house. This familiar approach to your home evokes a sense of
comfort, of aesthetics."

And, she said, it's smart to know what you can live without.

"If the aesthetics of the outside of the house don't matter, you may be able to
find a better deal in a house that has a very plain exterior, but a wonderful
interior. Or a plainer interior with a nice yard, setting and landscaping."

Some people have a negative association with their houses -- people who have
been attacked in their homes, for example, or carjacked in their garages.

"You have to be concerned about that person feeling safe in that area again,"
Jasnoski said.

The size and features of the house where you live may be tied in subtle ways to
your cultural heritage.

"One of the more interesting analyses I have seen in houses has to do with
ethnic differences, and people may not be aware of some choices they are
making," said Andrew Baum, 45, director of behavioral medicine at the Pittsburgh
Cancer Institute and professor of psychiatry and psychology at the University of
Pittsburgh.

People with a Northern European background, Baum explained, tend to have larger
space requirements than those with a Southern European background.

"And some cultures value privacy from the outside world. They may choose a house
with shielding from the outside -- with fewer windows -- but inside the house
there is much less emphasis on privacy," he said.

Baum is interested in the range of interpersonal spacing choices people make
when given the opportunity -- choices that go to the most basic levels.

"In Mediterranean and Middle Eastern and Northern African cultures, there
virtually is no personal space. In these cultures, there are very few taboos
against things like same-sex touching or same-sex hugging," Baum said. This
personal comfort level may be reflected in residential choices.

A Washington native, Baum and his family recently moved to Pennsylvania. "The
house we bought only has two doors," he said. "Our bedroom has no door. It makes
the house open and easy to move through."

That floor plan wouldn't work, he said, "if we felt the need for more privacy
within our family."

But many people need space and privacy to get along with their neighbors, he
said.

Baum wrote a book, "Residential Crowding and Design," in which he suggests that
crowded conditions keep neighbors apart.

"When people are packed in at very high density levels, such as very tall
residential buildings, there is a much greater psychological distance between
the residents," Baum said. "It's an overload condition where you are so
overstimulated by the people that you engage in a kind of withdrawal."

You may never meet your neighbor three doors away, he said, "because you develop
mechanisms of looking away from others or not acknowledging the presence of
others in elevators, or even in your own hall."

He said, "It is functional on the one hand, because your stress level may not be
as high, but it's kind of sad, because it keeps you from developing
relationships that may be enhancing for your own life."

Moving is one response to less-than-perfect living conditions, and according to
Jasnoski, people in this region are not afraid to move.

"We just kind of do it for entertainment around here: We move. There is
stimulation value that comes from our surroundings," Jasnoski said.

"What's happening in Washington is, we have lots of intelligent people who
require lots of stimulation," she said, "and the novelty of a new environment is
what makes them satisfied."


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, PSYCHOLOGIST MARY JASNOSKI SAYS THE KIND OF HOUSE WE GROW UP IN
"ACTUALLY AFFECTS OUR NERVES, THE WAY WE THINK.", KARIN ANDERSON FOR TWP

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION;
'BLOW HARD' ORDER AFFECTS DUI CASES

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA


A defense lawyer says a ruling by a Columbia city judge could affect driving
under the influence cases across South Carolina.

The judge threw out breath test results because the police officer told the
suspect to blow hard into the Datamaster breath analyzer machine.

Defense attorney Joe McCulloch says scientists testified that blowing hard can
affect test results because the machine is calibrated for an even flow of air.

The South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy says it teaches officers to tell
suspects to take a breath and blow as long as they can into the machine.

Ex-cadet says she was strip-searched

CHARLESTON, S.C. -- A female cadet who has withdrawn from The Citadel has filed
a complaint with campus police that she was strip-searched in her barracks room.

Jordyn Renee Jackson, 19, a freshman at the state military college, filed the
complaint Monday accompanied by her attorney, Donald McCune.

Jeffery Perez, the school's vice president of external affairs, said campus
police are investigating.

According to an incident report, Jackson was ordered to remove her uniform and
underwear after a college official came to her room to investigate a smell.

The report did not say what the smell was and school officials said federal law
prevents them from commenting because it's a disciplinary matter.

Jackson was inspected by a female cadet but was not touched, according to the
report.

Air base offering civilian buyouts

ROBINS AIR FORCE BASE, GA. -- Officials at Robins Air Force Base say they're
offering a little more than 400 voluntary buyouts to civilian employees.

Base officials say they received 880 buyout applications, made offers to nearly
600 employees, and are offering buyout packages to 403 civilian workers.

Those who accepted the buyouts will leave their jobs at the end of April and
will receive up to $25,000.

Officials say the buyouts were not related to automatic federal spending cuts or
other Air Force cost-cutting measures. Officials say the move was an effort to
reduce extra employees in certain departments.

Boy, 15, steals police patrol car

EAST POINT, GA. -- Police say a 15-year-old boy accused of stealing a patrol car
and barricading himself inside his house has been taken into custody.

Police say that authorities used tear gas before removing the boy from the house
and that a SWAT team was at the scene Wednesday afternoon.

Authorities say the police car was taken around 9 a.m. in East Point, a suburb
just south of Atlanta.

East Point police say an officer had arrested the boy, subdued him with a stun
gun and placed him into the back of the patrol car.

Police say the boy was able to somehow get from the back of the car into the
front and drive off.

Police used a GPS device in the car to track it to the Atlanta address.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  June 7, 2002

Investors pay more when the sun shines

BYLINE: By MICHAEL DOWLING

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 712 words


Are investors willing to pay more for a stock when the sun is shining, than when
it is raining? "Yes", is the surprising answer to emerge from recent research.
Our mood swings, from happiness in the sun to depression in the rain, rule our
behaviour. When we are happy we view everything more optimistically and this
sunshine-induced optimism leads us to view the prospects for stocks more
favourably and, consequently, means we are willing to pay a higher price for
stocks.

This finding is not just one of those quirky anecdotes to relay to the guests at
your next dinner party. It is potentially a finding that rewrites the rulebooks
on how stocks are priced. It tells us that we have to change the way we view the
stock market. We have to move from viewing the stock market as simply a
collection of numbers to viewing it as a collection of people.We need to study
psychological theories to understand the manner in which people are
unpredictable. We need to know how people actually make decisions, such as stock
investment decisions. One set of psychological theories, dealing with emotions,
argues that people's decisions are heavily influenced by how they are feeling at
the time of making a decision.

The weather affects how people feel. People are happy in the sun, depressed in
the rain, and get angry and frustrated in conditions of high humidity and
extreme heat. Behaviour is also affected. On bright days people are more likely
to give money to beggars, tip waiters and waitresses, and generally be helpful
to other people. If the weather affects people's feelings and behaviour in their
everyday activities, why should we not expect it to affect their investment
behaviour? Why shouldn't people in good moods be willing to pay more for stocks
than people in bad moods?

There is strong theoretical support for this being the case. A leading US
academic, George Loewenstein at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, argues
that feelings have the greatest effect on decision-making when the decision
involves risk and uncertainty, such as the decision to invest in stocks. David
Hirshleifer at Ohio State University argues that it doesn't matter that the mood
swings might be driven by something as simple as the weather. In fact, the
weather is a particularly suitable means of measuring feelings, as everyone in
the same locality is affected by the same weather.

We obtained the daily prices for the ISEQ index from January 1988 to December
2000. Met Eireann provided us with the historical daily cloud cover, rain,
humidity and temperature information for Dublin for the same time period. We
calculated the hours of sunlight in the day using a formula given in a previous
study in this area.

Now that we had the weather and the stock price data, we proceeded to compare
the daily fluctuations in the weather to movements in the ISEQ index. Our
findings confirmed what the theory suggested. The weather seems to have affected
Irish stock returns. Of most significance was the rain, followed by the seasonal
variation in the hours of sunlight in the day. To put the strongest finding in
simple terms; the returns on Irish stocks have been reliably lower than average
on days when it has been raining.

This research strikes at the very heart of existing stock market theory.
Traditional attempts to understand the movement and pricing of stock prices have
heretofore totally ignored the role of psychology.

Traditional stock market researchers believe that the rational and informed
investors in the will cancel out any mispricing effects of irrational
decision-making by some investors. Thus, stock prices will, in aggregate, be
efficient.

This is ivory tower thinking at its detached best. People do not suddenly become
hyper-rational when they invest in the stock market. They are still people, and
people have failings that prevent them making perfect decisions.

It is highly likely that the stock market will collectively reflect some of
these faults. The finding that the weather affects investor's feelings and in
turn affects stock prices is but one illustration of how psychology can help to
increase our understanding of how stocks are priced.

Michael Dowling is a researcher at the Trinity School of Business Studies.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  June 7, 2002

Investors pay more when the sun shines

BYLINE: By MICHAEL DOWLING

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 712 words


Are investors willing to pay more for a stock when the sun is shining, than when
it is raining? "Yes", is the surprising answer to emerge from recent research.
Our mood swings, from happiness in the sun to depression in the rain, rule our
behaviour. When we are happy we view everything more optimistically and this
sunshine-induced optimism leads us to view the prospects for stocks more
favourably and, consequently, means we are willing to pay a higher price for
stocks.

This finding is not just one of those quirky anecdotes to relay to the guests at
your next dinner party. It is potentially a finding that rewrites the rulebooks
on how stocks are priced. It tells us that we have to change the way we view the
stock market. We have to move from viewing the stock market as simply a
collection of numbers to viewing it as a collection of people.We need to study
psychological theories to understand the manner in which people are
unpredictable. We need to know how people actually make decisions, such as stock
investment decisions. One set of psychological theories, dealing with emotions,
argues that people's decisions are heavily influenced by how they are feeling at
the time of making a decision.

The weather affects how people feel. People are happy in the sun, depressed in
the rain, and get angry and frustrated in conditions of high humidity and
extreme heat. Behaviour is also affected. On bright days people are more likely
to give money to beggars, tip waiters and waitresses, and generally be helpful
to other people. If the weather affects people's feelings and behaviour in their
everyday activities, why should we not expect it to affect their investment
behaviour? Why shouldn't people in good moods be willing to pay more for stocks
than people in bad moods?

There is strong theoretical support for this being the case. A leading US
academic, George Loewenstein at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, argues
that feelings have the greatest effect on decision-making when the decision
involves risk and uncertainty, such as the decision to invest in stocks. David
Hirshleifer at Ohio State University argues that it doesn't matter that the mood
swings might be driven by something as simple as the weather. In fact, the
weather is a particularly suitable means of measuring feelings, as everyone in
the same locality is affected by the same weather.

We obtained the daily prices for the ISEQ index from January 1988 to December
2000. Met Eireann provided us with the historical daily cloud cover, rain,
humidity and temperature information for Dublin for the same time period. We
calculated the hours of sunlight in the day using a formula given in a previous
study in this area.

Now that we had the weather and the stock price data, we proceeded to compare
the daily fluctuations in the weather to movements in the ISEQ index. Our
findings confirmed what the theory suggested. The weather seems to have affected
Irish stock returns. Of most significance was the rain, followed by the seasonal
variation in the hours of sunlight in the day. To put the strongest finding in
simple terms; the returns on Irish stocks have been reliably lower than average
on days when it has been raining.

This research strikes at the very heart of existing stock market theory.
Traditional attempts to understand the movement and pricing of stock prices have
heretofore totally ignored the role of psychology.

Traditional stock market researchers believe that the rational and informed
investors in the will cancel out any mispricing effects of irrational
decision-making by some investors. Thus, stock prices will, in aggregate, be
efficient.

This is ivory tower thinking at its detached best. People do not suddenly become
hyper-rational when they invest in the stock market. They are still people, and
people have failings that prevent them making perfect decisions.

It is highly likely that the stock market will collectively reflect some of
these faults. The finding that the weather affects investor's feelings and in
turn affects stock prices is but one illustration of how psychology can help to
increase our understanding of how stocks are priced.

Michael Dowling is a researcher at the Trinity School of Business Studies.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 31, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Goodwill Games still set for Russia

BYLINE: Steve Woodward

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 395 words


Turner Broadcasting's Goodwill Games chief Jack Kelly, just back from one of his
periodic trips to St. Petersburg, Russia, said the uncertain future of Russian
President Boris Yeltsin casts no apparent shadows on the 1994 event.

"St. Petersburg was the picture of normalcy," said Kelly, who travels from
Atlanta to the '94 Goodwill Games host city monthly. "For us, it's business as
usual at this point."

Kelly said local organizers assured him last week that with funding already
allocated by the Russian government and facilities largely complete, Yeltsin's
status "is not going to affect where we are going."

"As far as they are concerned over there," Kelly said, "a change won't affect
them any more than a new U.S. president would affect Atlanta (and the 1996
Summer Olympics)."

SKATING FRENZY: Figure skating's liberalized Olympic eligibility rules have
caused a mad rush. With a June deadline approaching, the International Skating
Union is about to be flooded by paperwork from pro skaters.

In the USA, 1988 Olympic champion Brian Boitano was the first to declare his
intentions of making a run at the 1994 Winter Games in Norway.

Now, this news flash: Christopher Bowman, most recently a headliner with Ice
Capades, confirms that his former coach, John Nicks, is in the process of filing
Bowman's papers for reinstatement.

And from London comes word that 1984 Olympic dance champions Jayne Torvill and
Christopher Dean have filed for reinstatement through the British skating
federation.

Bowman, 26 Tuesday, finished fourth at the 1992 Winter Olympics.

"I like the idea of starting from scratch," Bowman said Tuesday from Denver,
where the Ice Capades tour concludes for the season.

Bowman joked about the prospect of him and his contemporaries competing as
senior citizens someday: "If I show up one year and Boitano is wearing a medic
alert bracelet, I'm leaving."

ON TO ATLANTA: Members of the the Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games (ACOG)
recently spent a few days in Washington, D.C., to engage in a key pre-Olympic
sport - lobbying. ACOG President Billy Payne joined Atlanta city officials in a
meeting with Vice President Gore to encourage federal funding of Atlanta
projects leading to the 1996 Summer Games. One priority is a $ 125 million
downtown passenger terminal that would integrate rail services, including
Amtrak.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

AMATEUR SPORTS

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Inside Bay Area

                              May 14, 2006 Sunday

Recycling the trash pickup system

BYLINE: By Saqib Rahim, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 1074 words


Remember the bins?

One to recycle soda cans. One for the newspaper. Another for milk jugs, another
for glass bottles. Then hauling them to the curb, clinking and clanking, for the
next day's pickup.

There are only two bins now for most Peninsulans, but even today, some won't
call it recycling if it doesn't involve some amount of sorting and heaving. But
a change may be on the way, as a major Peninsula recycling authority reconsiders
the way it does pickup -- and likely making the multi-colored bins has-beens.

The South Bayside Waste Management Authority -- which serves 12 areas that
together cover most of the county -- is looking to revamp the way it collects
and handles your recyclables, and all options are on the table, according to
Programs Manager Kathleen Gallagher.

The SBWMA's contracts with trash collector Allied Waste are good until 2011, but
changes in neighboring areas' recycling strategies are getting local officials
to think about how the system could be more efficient, productive and
environmentally healthful.

Any changes would not affect recycling in South San Francisco, Millbrae,
Brisbane or San Bruno, which are not part of the SBWMA and have contracts with
different haulers.

In a bidding process that will last several years, the authority will consider
changes that could affect everything from the size of your bill to the size of
your bins to the days of your pickup.

"We're taking all of these things under consideration, and there's a lot of
analysisthat's under way to give us the right answers that we need," said
Gallagher.

While some of the possible changes would affect the way residents sort and move
their recyclables, others would affect how the collectors pick it up and process
it.

One possible change, for example, would be a switch to large wheeled containers
called split carts, which have a partition down the middle. Instead of
separating materials into two separate bins, residents could simply throw them
into one of two compartments, each of which is bigger than a bin.

In cities such as Sunnyvale, which switched to split carts in 2001, residents
have applauded the ease of pulling one big cart to the curb, rather than lugging
individual bins. Solid Waste Program Manager Mark Bowers said that in the first
three years of the program, the total amount of recyclables collected increased
by 25 percent.

Another change might involve recycling pickup. Since it would be hard for a
garbage collector to lift an entire split cart, the SBWMA is considering
automated pickup -- that is, outfitting trucks with mechanical arms that can do
the work instead. The driver never has to leave the truck, Gallagher said, and
since the truck is doing all the work, it can get to more houses on one trip.

Gallagher says she isn't sure yet whether these changes would raise or lower
bills. Analysts say the change in cost depends on an interplay between how
expensive it is for the companies to recycle, how much material they get, and
how much they can sell it for.

That's the logic behind another recycling scheme that claims to make recycling
even simpler than the split cart.

It's called single-stream recycling, and it's popping up in cities all over the
Bay Area. San Francisco, San Jose and Palo Alto are among the cities choosing to
give their residents one big cart and one simple question: is it recyclable, or
is it not? Single-stream recyclers need not sort bottles from newspaper --
everything goes into the cart together.

"This is definitely the next generation of recycling in California," said Monica
DeVincenzi, a spokeswoman for Palo Alto Sanitation Co. "Every cog in the link is
figuring out what they have to do to make the program work best for them."

Palo Alto's program began in July 2005, after the city ran a two-year pilot
program along one of its regular trash routes, reaching about 2,500 households.
The tryout, DeVincenzi said, was "overwhelmingly successful," and Palo Altans
loved its simplicity.

The conventional wisdom about single-stream recycling is that it gets people to
recycle more. According to SBWMA data, Gallagher said, single-stream could raise
the total volume of recycled material in its coverage areas by as much as 30
percent. She said the reason is simple: It's really convenient to put everything
in one place.

But some experts say this increase comes at a cost: namely, that mixing
materials in one bin leads to mixing during the recycling process. In
single-stream recycling, everything in your bin ends up on the same conveyor
belt, and it is up to high-tech equipment to separate glass from newspaper and
plastic from tin. But if the equipment makes a mistake, shards of glass or
plastic can end up in the wrong place. And this, they say, results in
lower-quality paper, glass, and aluminum for selling to manufacturers.

"For simple picking up of things, yes, single-stream is very efficient," said
Mark Oldfield of the state Department of Conservation. But "for the efficiency
you gain in collecting, you do lose some efficiency in terms of keeping the
materials separated and the quality high."

What it all boils down to, recycling officials say, is cost-effectiveness.
Because recycling is a chain linking residents, processors and companies that
want to buy raw materials for re-use, the most cash-savvy solution won't be the
same in every city or county.

Sunnyvale, for instance, chose to use a split cart -- which has one half for
newspaper and another half for cans and plastics -- instead of single-stream,
because companies said they liked buying the high-quality material coming out of
the city's recycling plant.

"They are eager to get our materials; we get good feedback on the quality," said
Solid Waste Program Manager Mark Bowers. "When times get tight, it's our stuff
that's going to get purchased and somebody else's stuff that's going to sit in
the warehouse for lack of demand."

The SBWMA is using surveys and focus groups to figure out how to come up with a
plan that will make both residents and recycling businesses happy, and it hasn't
made any decisions yet.

But it's no secret, Gallagher said, that some county residents want the ease of
single-stream recycling. Not only do they want bigger containers, but they want
to able to toss everything in together.

"Residents have really wanted the convenience of not having to sort their
materials," she said.

Contact staff writer Saqib Rahim at (650)348-4337 or by e-mail at
srahim@sanmateocountytimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 24, 2014 Friday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

US AIRWAYS WILL CLOSE 5-YEAR-OLD OPERATIONS CENTER;
MOVE AFFECTS 600 EMPLOYEES AT MOON FACILITY; WORK WILL GO TO DALLAS-FORT WORTH

BYLINE: Mark Belko, The Pittsburgh Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 342 words


US Airways has decided to close its $32 million flight operations center in Moon
Township and move the work to Dallas-Fort Worth, where the new American Airlines
will be based.

The move will affect about 600 employees at the center, according to Matt
Dinkel, press secretary for U.S. Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Forest Hills. Most of the
employees will be offered the chance to transfer, said Todd Lehmacher, a
spokesman for American Airlines.

The airline notified employees and local political leaders of the decision this
morning.

"We're very unhappy. Mike's been working for some time with local leaders to
keep the center in Pittsburgh. If they were going to consolidate we thought it
made sense to do it in Pittsburgh," Mr. Dinkel said,

"It's not good news, that's for sure. It wasn't anything totally unexpected.
We've been doing everything we could to keep it here. When the merger went
through, the writing was on the wall," Allegheny County Executive Rich
Fitzgerald said.

Concerns over the operations center have been brewing since March when US
Airways CEO Doug Parker, who will serve the same role with American, indicated
that the center might move.

The Moon facility, which opened in November 2008, was built with the help of
$3.75 million in state grants and tax credits.

In a letter to operations center employees, Tim Campbell, senior vice president
of air operations for American Airlines, said the transfer of employees won't
begin to happen for several months.

While some workers in support roles may move before the end of the year, the
majority will occur after that, he said.

"Consolidating our two operations centers into one team, adjacent to our primary
flight training center and our corporate headquarters, is the right decision for
our business and our customers and a necessary step on our mission to make the
new American the world's best airline," he wrote.

The complete transfer of functions is expected to take place over 18 months. In
addition to the 600 employees in Pittsburgh, about 17 in Phoenix will be
affected, Mr. Lehmacher said.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Lake Fong/The Pittsburgh Press: US Airways' decision to close
its flight operations center in Moon will affect about 600 employees at the
center. The airline will move the work to Dallas-Fort Worth, where the new
American Airlines will be based.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Is Bitcoin plunge a short-term setback, or a long-term confidence-buster?;
The high-flying digital currency has plunged to half its former value. Code
glitches that led to the crash can be remedied and the currency strengthened,
Bitcoin enthusiasts say. Doubts about its long-term viability persist, however.

BYLINE: Gloria Goodale Staff writer

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 731 words


Advocates of Bitcoin, the crypto-currency that has gained popularity at the
fringes of international commerce, say they are unperturbed by setbacks this
week that have sent the digital money plunging to half its former value on
currency exchanges - and to its actual removal from one exchange. Bitcoin will
emerge, they insist, with a stronger underlying digital code that will also
strengthen the currency itself.

Many analysts would agree, to a point. Yes, the immediate problem is a technical
malfunction in some underlying code, and that is relatively minor compared with
previous issues the digital currency has encountered, they say. But if such
glitches keep occurring, they will undermine users' confidence that Bitcoin is a
stable and reliable currency that can be used without incident, as are
government-backed currencies such as the dollar, and will deter Bitcoin's
widespread use.

"This is the equivalent of hackers finding their way into the federal Reserve"
and shaking confidence in the underlying monetary system, except at a much
smaller scale, says Mark Zupan, an economist and the dean of Simon Business
School at the University of Rochester in New York. "How the Bitcoin community
responds and provides meaningful assurances will be key to their survival."

First, the immediate challenge. Here's how the Bitcoin Foundation, a group
devoted to promoting the currency, describes what happened.

"This is a denial-of-service [DoS] attack; whoever is doing this is not stealing
coins, but is succeeding in preventing some transactions from confirming," the
group said in a release. "It's important to note that DoS attacks do not affect
people's bitcoin wallets or funds."

Analysts who pay close attention to the digital currency elaborate. "It has
exposed bugs in the software," says William Norton, an attorney in Nashville,
Tenn., and a digital currency specialist, via e-mail. These bugs, which he calls
"transaction malleability," do not affect the integrity of the Bitcoin protocol
itself. "It simply affects the way third-party vendors process transactions," he
says.

Adds Bruce Fenton, president of the Bitcoin Association, "This issue this week
did not affect all of Bitcoin, only certain exchanges who had not updated to the
most current best practices. The ones affected are working hard to resolve the
issue and it does not appear it will be material."

But there's also a longer-term challenge. Glitches that interrupt smooth
transactions hardly inspire consumer confidence - and they will erode the
viability of Bitcoin if they keep occurring, some Bitcoin skeptics warn. Money
depends upon public acceptance for its usefulness, notes Phil Rooke, chief
executive officer of Spreadshirt, a global e-commerce platform.

"Bitcoin has no mass-market appeal. It is of little use to e-commerce retailers
and platforms since most consumers are very happy with current payment systems,"
he says via e-mail. However, "the hardcore techies that have to try the latest
thing are drawn to the novelty of Bitcoin and have fueled the buzz."

Bitcoin is overrated and will fade, he suggests. "Bitcoin, in essence, is a
currency system that is largely designed for the tax-avoiding rich who are
anti-establishment and need to send money to really difficult places," he
writes.

Businesses that accept Bitcoin will have to revert to their old methods of
transactions, adds Mr. Rooke, "as the masses realize that Bitcoin is more smoke
than sizzle."

Not everyone would agree, arguing that virtual payments and virtual currency are
here to stay. They are a natural progression for a mobile society, says Greg
Gresh, chief executive officer of ZNAP, a mobile payments platform.

It remains to be seen whether Bitcoin is the particular digital currency that
will break through to mainstream acceptance, he says. Bitcoin has the advantage
of brand recognition at the moment, Mr. Gresh adds, but he wonders whether it
will be the catalyst that alters the paradigm. "Will it be the Napster that
leads to iTunes? Or the MySpace that results in Facebook?" he asks.

General acceptance of Bitcoin as a currency is undermined by the same consumer
resistance that mobile payments are encountering, says Rooke.

"Until it can generate excitement by demonstrating a value-added benefit to both
merchants and consumers, then there is no compelling reason to switch from
government/fiat currencies," he says.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      June 12, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

EarthLink and ITC^DeltaCom Announce Expiration of Tender Offer for
ITC^DeltaCom's 10.5% Senior Secured Notes due 2016

LENGTH: 1586  words


New Delhi, June 12 -- EarthLink, Inc. ("EarthLink") announced today the
expiration and final results of the previously announced cash tender offer (the
"Tender Offer") to purchase any and all of the 10.5% Senior Secured Notes due
2016 (CUSIP No. 45031TAR5) (the "ITC^DeltaCom Notes") of ITC^DeltaCom, Inc.,
EarthLink's wholly-owned subsidiary ("ITC^DeltaCom"). The Tender Offer expired
on June 11, 2013, at 11:59 p.m., New York City time (the "Expiration Date").



On May 29, 2013 (the "Initial Settlement Date"), EarthLink made a payment in
cash for all ITC^DeltaCom Notes tendered prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City Time,
on May 28, 2013 (the "Consent Expiration"). As of the Consent Expiration,
EarthLink had received tenders with respect to $129,672,000 aggregate principal
amount of the ITC^DeltaCom Notes, all of which were accepted for payment. The
holders of such ITC^DeltaCom Notes received $1,058.75 per $1,000 principal
amount validly tendered, which included a consent payment of $30 per $1,000 of
the ITC^DeltaCom Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but not
including, the Initial Settlement Date.

Between the Consent Expiration and the Expiration Date, EarthLink received no
tenders of ITC^DeltaCom Notes. A total of $162,628,000 aggregate principal
amount of the ITC^DeltaCom Notes remains outstanding.

Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC is the Dealer Manager for the tender offer.
Questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to Credit Suisse Securities
(USA) LLC at (800) 820-1653 (toll-free) and (212) 538-0083 (collect).

This press release does not constitute an offer to buy or the solicitation of an
offer to sell any of the ITC^DeltaCom Notes or to buy or sell any other
securities nor does it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any
jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful.

Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This press release includes "forward-looking" statements (rather than historical
facts) that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those described. Although we believe that the
expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we
cannot promise that our expectations will turn out to be correct. Our actual
results could be materially different from and worse than our expectations. With
respect to such forward-looking statements, we seek the protections afforded by
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These risks include,
without limitation (1) that we may not be able to execute our strategy to be an
IT services company for small and medium-sized businesses with IT and network
security needs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash
flows; (2) that we may not be able to grow revenues from our evolving Business
Services product portfolio to offset declining revenues from our legacy Business
Services products and from our Consumer Services segment, which could adversely
affect our results of operations and cash flows; (3) that we may not be able to
develop the optimal sales model necessary to implement our business strategy;
(4) that we may be unsuccessful integrating acquisitions into our business,
which could result in operating difficulties, losses and other adverse
consequences; (5) that if we are unable to adapt to changes in technology and
customer demands, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating
results could suffer; (6) that our failure to achieve operating efficiencies
will adversely affect our results of operations; (7) that as a result of our
continuing review of our business, we may have to undertake further
restructuring plans that would require additional charges, including incurring
facility exit and restructuring charges; (8) that unfavorable general economic
conditions could harm our business; (9) that we may be unable to successfully
identify, manage and assimilate future acquisitions, which could adversely
affect our results of operations; (10) that we face significant competition in
the IT services and communications industry that could reduce our profitability;
(11) that decisions by legislative or regulatory authorities, including the
Federal Communications Commission relieving incumbent carriers of certain
regulatory requirements, and possible further deregulation in the future, may
restrict our ability to provide services and may increase the costs we incur to
provide these services; (12) that if we are unable to interconnect with AT&T,
Verizon and other incumbent carriers on acceptable terms, our ability to offer
competitively priced local telephone services will be adversely affected; (13)
that our operating performance will suffer if we are not offered competitive
rates for the access services we need to provide our long distance services;
(14) that we may experience reductions in switched access and reciprocal
compensation revenue; (15) that failure to obtain and maintain necessary permits
and rights-of-way could interfere with our network infrastructure and
operations; (16) that we have substantial business relationships with several
large telecommunications carriers, and some of our customer agreements may not
continue due to financial difficulty, acquisitions, non-renewal or other
factors, which could adversely affect our wholesale revenue and results of
operations; (17) that we obtain a majority of our network equipment and software
from a limited number of third-party suppliers; (18) that work stoppages
experienced by other communications companies on whom we rely for service could
adversely impact our ability to provision and service our customers; (19) that
our commercial and alliance arrangements may not be renewed or may not generate
expected benefits, which could adversely affect our results of operations; (20)
that our consumer business is dependent on the availability of third-party
network service providers; (21) that we face significant competition in the
Internet access industry that could reduce our profitability; (22) that the
continued decline of our consumer access subscribers, combined with the change
in mix of our consumer access base from narrowband to broadband, will adversely
affect our results of operations; (23) that potential regulation of Internet
service providers could adversely affect our operations; (24) that if we, or
other industry participants, are unable to successfully defend against disputes
or legal actions, we could face substantial liabilities or suffer harm to our
financial and operational prospects; (25) that we may be accused of infringing
upon the intellectual property rights of third parties, which is costly to
defend and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future;
(26) that we may not be able to protect our intellectual property; (27) that we
may be unable to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel, and the loss of
any of our key executive officers could adversely affect us; (28) that our
business depends on effective business support systems and processes; (29) that
privacy concerns relating to our business could damage our reputation and deter
current and potential users from using our services; (30) that cyber security
breaches could harm our business; (31) that interruption or failure of our
network and information systems and other technologies could impair our ability
to provide our services, which could damage our reputation and harm our
operating results; (32) that government regulations could adversely affect our
business or force us to change our business practices; (33) that regulatory
audits have in the past, and could in the future, result in increased costs;
(34) that our business may suffer if third parties are unable to provide
services or terminate their relationships with us; (35) that we may be required
to recognize additional impairment charges on our goodwill and intangible
assets, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial
position; (36) that we may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax
liabilities and the use of our net operating losses and certain other tax
attributes could be limited in the future; (37) that our indebtedness could
adversely affect our financial health and limit our ability to react to changes
in our industry; (38) that we may require substantial capital to support
business growth, and this capital may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all; (39) that our debt agreements include restrictive covenants,
and failure to comply with these covenants could trigger acceleration of payment
of outstanding indebtedness or inability to borrow funds under our existing
credit facility; (40) that we may reduce, or cease payment of, quarterly cash
dividends; (41) that our stock price may be volatile; and (42) that provisions
of our third restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated bylaws
and other elements of our capital structure could limit our share price and
delay a change of control of the company. These risks and uncertainties, as well
as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
significantly from management's expectations, are not intended to represent a
complete list of all risks and uncertainties inherent in our business, and
should be read in conjunction with the more detailed cautionary statements and
risk factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 8, 2011 Saturday

Closed roads take toll on truckers

BYLINE: KAYKEMMET, Closed roads take toll on truckers Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 397 words


The last days of 2010 brought closings of North Dakota's major roads: Interstate
94 from Bismarck to Fargo and Interstate 29 from Canada to South Dakota.

While the weather doesn't affect the overall commerce of Bismarck much, it does
affect some individual business owners such as daily trucking companies.

"For trucking companies, their expenses don't stop when the roads closed," said
Tom Balzer, North Dakota Motor Carriers Association executive vice president.
"The impact of that lost revenue is pretty significant."

Those expenses include lodging and food for truckers and lost revenue for
delayed shipments.

"The catch-up revenue never seems to fill the revenue that was lost," said
Marlin Kling, president of Midwest Motor Express.

During last week's snow storm, the Department of Transportation began closing
down the roads on Thursday with I-94 from Jamestown to Fargo and I-29 from Grand
Forks to the South Dakota border. On Friday night, I-94 from Bismarck to
Jamestown, I-29 from Grand Forks to the Canadian border and U.S. Highway 2 also
were closed.

All the roads didn't reopen until Sunday morning.

DOT spokesperson Jamie Olson said the roads couldn't be opened until they were
cleared of snow, ice and abandoned vehicles.

Truck drivers can't drive extra hours to make up the lost time,Kling said.

"The revenue you lose can never be caught up in the following days," he said.

The Bismarck-based trucking company has more than 5,000 shipments on the road
across the Midwest each day, Kling said. At least one part of their route
usually has some weather problem.

"If you are going to truck in the northern part of the United States, it's going
to happen," Balzer said.

While the closed-down roads affect trucking companies, it doesn't have a
significant affect on overall Bismarck commerce, said Brian Ritter, the
Bismarck-Mandan Development Association's director of business development.

"I don't know that the interstate being closed for a few days is really going to
hurt us that bad," Ritter said.

But it does limit the traffic going through Bismarck-Mandan. The closed roads
most likely affect taxable sales and retail the most, Ritter said.

But in North Dakota, Kling said closed roads have larger implications because
many of their shipments are time sensitive. A closed road could mean that a
remote factory doesn't get a part they need and are forced to shut down, Kling
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             December 02, 2000, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 262 words



CHRYSLER CUTS PRODUCTION: Chrysler said it will idle a number of plants in the
next three weeks to cut inventories of unsold vehicles. The company also said
that November sales fell 5 percent, with sales of its minivans skidding 16
percent. Chrysler said it would idle two plants next week, one plant the week of
Dec. 11 and five plants the week of Dec. 18. The first-week shutdowns will
affect 5,500 workers, while the second will affect 2,000 and the third will
affect 19,200. This week, Chrysler idled three plants and 13,600 workers to cut
inventories.

JANUS DROPS ASSETS: Janus Capital Corp. is shedding more than $ 1-billion a day
in assets as sliding stock markets slice the value of its holdings. Janus'
parent, Stilwell Financial Inc., said assets totaled about $ 262-billion as of
Nov. 30. That's down from about $ 315.5-billion at the beginning of the quarter
and $ 300-billion at the beginning of the month. The decline

underscores how much Janus has been hurt by the 46 percent plunge in the Nasdaq
Composite Index from its March 10 record.

PIPELINE ACQUISITION: Kinder Morgan Energy Partners has agreed to pay GATX Corp.
$ 1.05-billion for two refined product pipelines plus 12 terminals that handle
refined products and chemicals. The assets include the CalNev Pipe Line Co.,
which ties into a line already owned by Kinder Morgan, and the Central Florida
Pipeline Co., which serves a fast-growing market from Tampa to Orlando.
Houston-based Kinder Morgan owns and operates one of the largest
refined-products pipeline systems in the country.


LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                                 Ameris Bancorp

                          310 First Street, South East
                              Moultrie,  GA 31768
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Ameris is a bank holding company, which provides banking services through its
wholly owned subsidiary, Ameris Bank. Strong top-line performacne performance,
increase in total deposits, strong capital adequacy ratio and broad product and
service portfolio are the major strengths of the company, even as its geographic
concentration and over dependence on single division remain areas of concern. In
future, intense competition,, changing regulations, and fluctuations in interest
rates may affect the company's business performance. However, strategic
acquisitions, booming mortgage market, growing economy in the US and positive
outlook for the US card payments channel may provide ample growth opportunities
for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


Strong top-line performance is indicates increase in demand for the company's
offerings. The revenue of the company increased by 21.4%, from US$227.3 million
in FY2014 to US$276 million in FY2015. The revenue of the company increased
primarily due to increase in interest income and mortgage banking activity
income. The interest income of the company increased by 15.7%, from US$164.5
million in FY2014 to US$190.4 million in FY2015. The mortgage banking activity
income of the company increased by 41.5%, from US$26 million in FY2014 to US$
36.8 million in FY2015. Such strong top-line performance will have a positive
impact on the company's profitability.

STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO


Capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital requirements
vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address stress tests conducted by
national banking regulators. The good capital management enabled the company to
strengthen its capital position. The company was required to maintain a total
risk-based capital ratio of 8% and tier I risk-based capital ratio of 6% under
Federal Reserve norms. The company reported total risk-based capital ratio of
11.4% and tier I risk-based capital ratio of 10.9% under Federal Reserve norms
during FY2015, meeting the regulatory requirements. Prudent capital management
of the company strengthened its capital, which in turn will enable it to
withstand periods of banking stress.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps Ameris to serve a wide range of
customers. The company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of banking and
financial products and services. Its product portfolio includes savings
accounts, business accounts, home loans, credit cards, mortgages, mutual funds,
insurance products, home loans, business loan and auto loan. Its service
offering includes cash management, trust services, tax planning, asset
allocation and management services, treasury solutions, agricultural business
solutions, student banking solutions and small business administration services.
Such a wide range of product and service offerings drives Ameri's top-line
performance.

INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increasing total deposits of the company ensures strong confidence of its
customers. The total deposits of the company increased by 42.2%, from US$3,431.1
million in FY2014 to US$4,879.2 million in FY2015. The total deposits increased
primarily due to increase in bank's savings deposits and time deposits. The
savings deposit increased by 39.3%, from US$150.2 million in FY2014 to US$209.2
million in FY2015. The time deposit increased by 5.4%, from US$768.4 million in
FY2014 to US$810.3 million in FY2015.The increase in total deposits may enhance
the company's financial strength and capitalization.


WEAKNESSES:


OVER DEPENDENCE ON SINGLE DIVISION


The company's overdependence on Banking Division for major part of its revenue
remains a cause of concern. Although the company operates through four
divisions: Banking Division, Retail Mortgage Division, Warehouse Lending
Division and SBA Division, it generates significant part of its revenue from a
single division, Banking Division. In FY2015, the company derived 79.2% of its
total revenue from Banking Division. Such overdependence on Banking Division may
adversely affect its business performance, if the demand of products and
services offered by the particular division declines.

GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Geographic concentration may hinder the growth of the company. The company
operated only in the US. In FY2015, it generated its complete revenue from the
US. Such geographic concentration of the company may expose it to adverse
changes in economical and geo political conditions of that particular region and
also deprives the company from the opportunities existing in other geographies.
Such geographic concentration may also affect the top and bottom line
performance of the company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
banking solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
banking solutions provider in the US such as Ameris.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY IN THE US


The bank stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in the
US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. The bank, a provider of debit and credit
cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The company through its subsidiary Ameris Bank offers mortgage
services. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand
for mortgage products and services offered by the bank, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


The company is focusing on strengthening its existing businesses through
acquiring companies that strategically complement its existing businesses. For
instance, in October 2015, the company acquired Jacksonville Bancorp, for US$
96.6 million. The acquisition has increased the bank's deposits to US$4.9
billion, assets to US$5.7 billion and loans to US$4 billion. The acquisition
would also help the bank to become one of the leading community banks by deposit
market share in Jacksonville. In February 2015, the company acquired 18 banking
offices from Bank of America in southern Georgia and northern Florida. The
acquisition was to strengthen its market presence in Georgia and Florida, which
in turn would enable it to expand its customer base. These acquisitions would
help the company to achieve high inorganic growth as well as enhance its market
position and broaden its product portfolio.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect Ameris's business and profitability. The company
faces competition from private banks, foreign banks and other financial
institutions. It competes with its competitors based on various factors
including products and services, interest rates, distribution network, price,
quality and brand image. Some of its major competitors include Colony Bankcorp
Inc., First Bank of Coastal Georgia, Bank of North Georgia, Georgia Bank and
Trust Company and Century Bank of Georgia. Such intense competition may affect
the company's market position.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's subsidiary bank's business
performance. Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and
other assets, including bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and
consequently the fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing
interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the
principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are
highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control, including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the money supply and the
policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest
rates might impact the operating performance of the bank as its income and
investment returns depend on the level of interest rates.

REGULATORY CHANGES IN THE US


The bank's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in the US. The introduction of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act may pose a significant threat for the bank's operations.
Under this act, the federal government established Financial Stability Oversight
Council. The council have the authoritative power to break up large bank's that
may pose risk to the financial system due to their large size and the council
also have the authoritative power to liquidate and restructure bank's which it
are financially weak. Such act would significantly pose threat for the banks to
operate and acquire new businesses. Thus, introduction of new government acts
may have a negative impact on the bank's growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 19, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SHIFT ON MEDICARE EXPECTED TO HURT HOSPITALS IN CITIES

BYLINE: By MARTIN TOLCHIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 1131 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 18


The Department of Health and Human Services will begin a Medicare reimbursement
policy on Nov. 1 that will hurt large metropolitan teaching hospitals that serve
the inner-city poor.

The policy involves the redistribution of money used to compensate hospitals for
patient care that is longer or more expensive than designated under the Medicare
reimbursement rules. The effect of the new policy will be to give less money to
hospitals whose patients have unusually long stays and more money to those whose
patients receive unusually costly treatment.

Distribution of Money

The changes will adversely affect large inner-city hospitals that are affiliated
with medical schools and that serve the poor because stays at such hospitals are
often much longer than average, health officials say. Teaching hospitals take
the most medically complex cases and are reluctant to send poor patients back to
their impoverished homes, where they fear the patients will be medically
neglected.

The change does not affect the total pool of money used to compensate the
hospitals, which was about $2.5 billion in 1987. It only affects the way the
money is distributed.

Dr. Donald A. Young, executive director of the Prospective Payment Assessment
Commission, an independent Federal agency that endorsed the new policy, said,
''The pie stays the same, but there's a different distribution.''

He added, ''Prior to the change, the major amount of money was going to
hospitals with a disproportionate number of poor people.''

New York as Big Loser

Hospitals in New York City and the state will be the biggest losers when the new
policy takes effect Nov. 1.

In addition to New York, Rhode Island and Massachusetts will be placed at a
disadvantage by the new policy, but to a much lesser extent.

Regionally, urban hospitals in the Middle Atlantic States will be most adversely
affected by the policy, followed by hospitals in New England and Puerto Rico.
The greatest benefits will be received by hospitals in the Midwest, Mountain
States and Far West, according to calculations made by the Department of Health
and Human Services.

Under the change, hospitals will receive the extra compensation for patients who
stay 24 days, while the threshold now is 18 days. The cost threshold will
increase to $28,000 from $14,000. In addition, the Federal Government will
increase the amount of its cost reimbursement, to 75 percent from 60 percent.

Basis of Reimbursement

Moreover, hospitals whose patients exceeded both the allowable cost and length
of stay for a particular illness were previously reimbursed on the basis of the
length of stay. Under the new rules, hospitals will be reimbursed on the basis
of either cost or length of stay, whichever yields more funds.

The new policy was promulgated by the Federal Health Care Financing
Administration in an effort to create greater parity among the regions of the
country. The agency is part of the Department of Health and Human Services.

The American Hospital Association, whose membership is divided on this issue,
has called for ''measured movement'' that would gradually phase in the policy,
said Clay Mickel, director of communications for the group's Washington office.

New York City's voluntary, nonprofit hospitals will lose $100 million, while the
state's hospitals will lose a total of $167 million, or 28.5 percent of the $585
million they would have received under the present policy, according to the
Greater New York Hospital Association. The group represents 70 nonprofit
hospitals in the city and suburbs.

Layoffs Are Considered

''This loss will follow a projected 1988 deficit of $110 million for Greater New
York Hospital Association members alone, with forecasts for 1989 showing the
financial health of hospitals worsening,'' Kenneth E. Raske, the group's
president, wrote Dr. Otis R. Bowen, Secretary of Health and Human Services.

As a result of these deficits, Mr. Raske wrote, ''many hospitals in New York are
now initiating or anticipating staff layoffs in the near future.''

Mr. Raske said that he discussed the problem with Dr. Bowen at a meeting in
Washington last week and had also contacted members of the state's Congressional
delegation, in an as yet unsuccessful attempt to get the Government to delay
carrying out the new policy. He urged Dr. Bowen to support the delay so that the
hospitals could avoid having to curtail services.

Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Democrat of New York, said, ''We're either
going to have to change our practices or lose some money.'' He said that he had
tried and failed to obtain legislation that would have provided a two-year
phase-in of the new policy.

'The Biggest Hit'

''New York City is the epicenter,'' Mr. Raske said in an interview. ''We are
taking the biggest hit.''

He noted that hospitals in New York City and state have the longest patient
stays: 9.8 days, or about one-third higher than average. In addition, the New
York City occupancy rate of 87.2 percent is the highest in the country, and
compares with a national rate of 67 percent. Hospitals in New York state
received a total of $4.1 billion in Medicare payments last year, Mr. Raske said.

A contributing factor to the long stays, Federal officials said, was that New
York City lacked adequate nursing-home care to provide an alternative to
hospital care. New York hospitals therefore tend to keep patients longer than
hospitals in other cities, they said.

Dr. Ross Anthony, associate administrator of the agency that promulgated the new
policy, said, ''We were conscious of the fact that this would have an impact on
New York.''But he said New York City and state had previously received a
disproportionate share of the funds, while hospitals that served smaller
communities and richer patients had received disproportionately less than they
deserved.

Dr. Young, of the Federal assessment commission, said the new policy was
''budget neutral.''

Mr. Raske noted, however, ''We treat more Medicare patients, and they stay in
our hospitals longer than hospitals in any other city in the U.S.'' He added,
''That's why the outlier pool was established, to take care of situations like
ours.'' $50.8 Billion for Medicare The outlier pool consists of 5.1 percent of
Medicare funds, which totaled $50.8 billion in 1987. New York state alone took
11 percent of those funds.

Dr. Young said that New York's problem was related to the fact that New Yorkers
had fewer ''alternative sites of care, such as nursing homes.''

''Poverty is another component,'' Dr. Young said. ''It is harder to discharge
people who don't have good home situations.''

Dr. Young noted that teaching hospitals with a disproportionate share of poor
patients were adversely affected by the new policy.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

Reversal of fed transgender student guidance won't affect local students

BYLINE: Kristine Galloway

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 2-27 NEWS Transgender students::1

LENGTH: 868 words


Online

hed

: Reversal of transgender student guidance won't affect Cheyenne students

Print

hed

: Reversal of transgender student guidance won't affect local students

At a glance

The federal government recently reversed transgender student rights guidance
issued by the Obama administration in May 2016. That guidance had instructed
school and school district to treat transgender students as their preferred
genders. The change should not affect local students.

By Kristine Galloway

Wyoming Tribune Eagle

CHEYENNE - Local students won't be affected by the Trump administration's
reversal Wednesday of federal transgender student rights guidance.

The original guidance was issued by the Obama administration in May 2016. It
detailed how schools should respond to situations regarding bathrooms, locker
rooms, athletic teams, overnight lodgings and dormitories, as well as other
situations. The guidance said that students must be treated as their preferred
genders, as opposed to the genders they were assigned at birth.

The U.S. Department of Justice and Department of Education issued the original
guidance to explain how schools should treat transgender student to remain in
compliance with Title IX.

The five-page guidance stated, "Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and
its implementing regulations prohibit sex discrimination in educational programs
and activities operated by recipients of federal financial assistance. This
prohibition encompasses discrimination based on a student's gender identity,
including discrimination based on a student's transgender status."

Immediately after the May 2016 guidance was released, 11 states filed a lawsuit
in the Northern District of Texas, alleging that the guidance had no basis in
law and would negatively affect school district operations. Wyoming joined nine
other states in a second lawsuit against the guidance in July 2016.

In August 2016, U.S. District Judge Reed O'Connor granted a nationwide
injunction for the first lawsuit, which allowed all states to operate as if the
guidance had not been provided until a court issued a decision on the legality
of the guidance.

That decision is no longer needed with the recent reversal of the guidance,
which ends a battle the Department of Justice fought to keep the guidance in
place.

U.S. Secretary of Education Betsy

DeVos

issued a statement regarding the withdrawal along with the new guidance.

"The guidance issued by the previous administration has given rise to several
legal questions. As a result, a federal court in August 2016 issued a nationwide
injunction barring the Department from enforcing a portion of its application.
Since that time, the Department has not enforced that part of the guidance, thus
there is no immediate impact to students by rescinding this guidance," she said.

The new guidance released Wednesday rescinds the May 2016 guidance as well as a
Jan. 2015 letter to Emily Prince from James

Ferg-Cadima

, who was then the acting deputy assistant secretary for policy in the
Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights.

That letter said, "It may be useful to be aware that in response to (the Office
of Civil Rights') recent investigations of two complaints of gender identity
discrimination, recipients have agreed to revise policies to make clear that
transgender students should be treated consistent with their gender identity for
purposes of restroom access."

Kari Eakins, communications director for the Wyoming Department of Education,
said the department stands by its response to the original guidance released in
May, at which time Jillian Balow, Superintendent of Public Instruction, said it
wasn't appropriate for the federal government to tell educators how to handle
such situations.

Balow said, "As I did when the guidance was released in May, I expect that
Wyoming education leaders will continue to carefully make decisions in the
interest of all students and consider policy decisions with input from the local
school board, students, and the public."

In Laramie County School District 1, Triumph High has a small population of
transgender students.

John Ellis, the school's counselor, said the withdrawal of the guidance will not
change the school's operation at all. "Students can use the nondescript
restrooms. And our students who are transgender - they feel most comfortable
using those, so that's what they do," he said.

John Lyttle, Superintendent of LCSD1, said the district treats each transgender
student on an individual basis to determine the student's needs.

"We will continue to do that until we get more direction from the U.S.
Department of Education or Wyoming Department of Education," he said.

Students in LCSD1 are allowed to use single-use restrooms in the schools and are
given individual hotel rooms on overnight trips, Lyttle said.

He said all students have been satisfied with that approach so far. He added
that he isn't sure what the district would do if a student were unsatisfied,
because that situation has not arisen.

"We would cross that bridge when we came to it," he said.

Kristine Galloway

is the Wyoming Tribune Eagle's education reporter. She can be reached at
kgalloway@wyomingnews.com or 307-633-3184. Follow her on Twitter at @

KGalloway_WTE

.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                             March 15, 2005 Tuesday

Staffing survey says professional work attire affects positive perception

BYLINE: Mary Pat Sueme

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 567 words


Improving outward appearances may be important to television shows like "Extreme
Makeover." But a recent study indicates that improving outward appearances is
also important in the workplace.

A survey, developed by Office Team, a national staffing service, suggests that a
polished look may improve chances for a job promotion. Titled "Dressing the
Part," the study includes responses from 972 men and women employed in
professional environments.

The majority, or 81 percent, of employees polled said a person's work attire
affects his or her professional image, while nearly half, or 46 percent, of
respondents said wardrobe "significantly" impacts how someone is perceived on
the job.

"If you come in put together, your co-workers will assume your work will be
solid, credible and well-done," said Erin Lenger, advertising coordinator at St.
Louis Magazine in an interview. "Conversely, if you come in looking sloppy,
people will expect your work to be unorganized and poorly executed."

A local nonprofit organization called Dress for Success is based on the
importance of a positive perception. Created to help low-income women succeed in
interviews and the first few weeks on a job, Dress for Success provides suits,
shoes and other clothing items so these women can feel good and make a lasting
first impression.

"It only takes a second for someone to make a judgment," said Sandy Hinderliter,
project manager at Dress for Success. "We want these women to succeed in their
work and interviews, and that all starts with a polished look. Some people can't
afford to buy a suit, but why should that stop them from getting the job they've
been hoping for?"

In the survey, respondents were asked: "How much does a person's work attire
affect his or her professional image?" Their responses were reported as follows:
46 percent surveyed said that attire "significantly" affects image, 35 percent
said it affects image "somewhat," 9 percent said "not very much," another 9
percent said "not at all," and 1 percent had no answer.

During the past decade, a positive perception could be attained by a
conservative "business-casual" look, which may include dress pants and a
collared shirt, as a substitute for the "business-formal" look, which required a
suit or dress. Today, many local businesses have business-casual policies for
the office, but their employees are finding that these policies may not coincide
with the actual dress code of most of their co-workers.

"Our policy says business casual, but I would feel funny coming to work without
a business suit," said Cathy Maher, operations manager at Scottrade. "Everyone
seems more formal these days."

According to Jennifer Wilson, an Office Team representative in St. Louis, formal
attire is gaining popularity within many organizations, even though it may not
be an actual rule. "During the past few years, professionals have been dressing
less casually, and this trend continues," she said. "But this shift may not be
reflected in company policies; employees should heed the 'unofficial dress code'
by observing what their supervisors and other managers within the company are
wearing," she said.

"People will hire and give promotions to those who they think will make a
positive impression. That all starts with how you dress. Your style and polish
says more about you than your first hundred words," Wilson said.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 21, 2015 Sunday
                                Replate Edition

GROUPS PLAN FORUMS ON OIL TRAIN TRAFFIC Upcoming decisions on coast will affect
region

BYLINE: Becky Kramer<br> beckyk@spokesman.com, (208) 765-7122<br>

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 678 words


Laura Ackerman works at the Saranac Building in Spokane, a short walk from BNSF
Railway's train tracks.

Oil trains pass her office on a daily basis, and more will roll through downtown
if a new crude oil terminal is built 350 miles away in Vancouver, Washington.

Upcoming decisions on Western Washington energy facilities will affect local
residents, said Ackerman, oil policy director for The Lands Council. The council
is among several environmental groups hosting coal and oil train forums in
Spokane and Sandpoint this week.

"Ports in Vancouver and Longview will be making decisions that affect us,
because we'll get the train traffic," Ackerman said.

One of the forum's speakers is Eric de Place of Seattle's Sightline Institute,
who has charted proposed oil refinery expansions, new oil shipping terminals and
coal export terminals in Washington and Oregon. There are 10 existing or
proposed facilities that accept or would accept crude oil from North Dakota's
Bakken region, and three proposed coal export terminals.

"We're really seeing something that's unprecedented - the sheer scale of the
fuel flowing through these projects," said de Place, policy director for the
think tank, which promotes sustainable development.

The Northwest lies between the nation's coal and oil reserves and the
energy-hungry markets of Asia. That's giving the region a role in shaping
national energy policy through the decisions it will make on coal and oil
facilities, de Place said.

"We have an opportunity to make decisions about what the North American energy
industry looks like," he said. "It's up to the Northwest to decide whether this
stuff gets extracted, exported and burned."

Two of the proposed projects will be up for public review later this year.

A draft environmental study will be out this summer on the Vancouver oil
terminal, which would handle up to 360,000 barrels of crude oil daily, all of
which would pass through Spokane on its way to Vancouver from the oil fields in
North Dakota. Oil from the trains would be transferred into barges at the
facility, for shipping to West Coast refineries. A study paid for by Tesoro
Corp. and Savage Companies, the two businesses involved in the project, said the
terminal would employ 176 workers and pay nearly $8 million in taxes annually.

Earlier this year, the state's Energy Facility Site Evaluation Council granted
the city of Spokane intervention status on the proposed oil terminal, which
means city officials will be part of the formal state hearings during the
facility's permitting process. Tribes and environmental groups are also
interveners.

Community leaders have expressed concerns about increased oil train traffic
through Spokane, Spokane Valley and North Idaho, after derailments caused a
string of fiery explosions in other parts of the United States and Canada. Rail
officials insist that such events are rare, given the sheer volume of crude oil
shipped.

Though oil trains have a higher profile, new coal terminals would also have a
significant impact on the region's train traffic, Ackerman said.

In November, a draft study will be out on the proposed Millennium Bulk Terminals
project in Longview, Washington, which could ship 44 million metric tons of coal
annually from the Northwest.

With domestic demand for coal plummeting, U.S. companies are looking for new
markets overseas. The Longview terminal is one of several proposed projects that
could turn the Northwest into a major exporter of coal. Proponents say it's an
opportunity to ship cleaner-burning coal to Asia, but environmental groups
oppose increases in coal exports.

SIDEBAR:

FORUMS

Eric de Place of Sightline Institute will speak at two forums hosted by local
environmental groups this week.

7 p.m. Tuesday at Gonzaga University School of Law Courtroom, 721 N. Cincinnati
St., Spokane.

5:30-7:30 p.m. Wednesday, at Heartwood Center, 615 Oak St., Sandpoint.

Organizers include The Lands Council, Sierra Club, Spokane Riverkeeper, Gonzaga
Environmental Law Caucus, Idaho Conservation League and the Lake Pend Oreille
Waterkeeper.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

White-nose syndrome mostly affects bats in eastern US

BYLINE: Bill Wellock, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 264 words


July 31--White-nose syndrome is a disease caused by a fungus that invades the
skin of hibernating bats. The fungus leaves white markings around the face and
wings of an infected bat.

The disease has mostly affected bats in the eastern United States, but
biologists have found examples west of the Mississippi River. Western cases have
mostly been found in Missouri and Arkansas, according to the Pennsylvania Game
Commission. In March, biologists confirmed a case near Seattle.

It has affected bats in Pennsylvania for nearly a decade.

Before the disease appeared, bats were doing well in the state. Their numbers
were increasing at a majority of sites biologists studied. Now, some species
have seen almost complete death in some places.

The Pennsylvania Game Commission's research showed that the disease changes
bats' hibernation patterns and consumes energy, said biologist Greg Turner.

The fungus does not affect every bat species in the same way, but some species
have been nearly wiped out in Pennsylvania because of it.

The little brown bat, northern long-eared bat, Indiana bat and tri-colored bat
all faced 96 percent or greater mortality, he said.

Other species don't have the same mortality rate. The big brown bat and the
eastern small-footed bat showed 30 percent or lower declines, he said.

Even survivors can be weakened by the disease and suffer from lesions on their
wings or severe and life-threatening dehydration.

___ (c)2016 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160731-YC-White-nose-syndrome-mostly-affects
-bats-in-eastern-US-0731-20160731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2016 The Citizens' Voice


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday

Pastors react to appeals court ruling that would affect N.C.'s Amendment One

BYLINE: Jackie Bridges, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 848 words


July 29--The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals' decision Monday to strike down
Virginia's same-sex marriage ban will also affect North Carolina's Amendment
One. To what degree and when, we're still waiting to find out.

Monday's 2-1 ruling applies throughout the circuit that also includes West
Virginia, Maryland, and the Carolinas and adds to the growing list of decrees on
a hot-button issue that will likely end up being decided by the U.S. Supreme
Court.

Two years ago on May 8, 2012, the controversial Amendment One passed in North
Carolina with about 61 percent of the vote, defining marriage between one man
and one woman as the only legal domestic partnership recognized in the state.
And in Cleveland County, 80 percent of the people who voted that day voted for
the amendment and to specify that marriage is only between a man and a woman.

Allowing same-sex marriage goes against the Bible and America's founding
principles, said the Rev. James T. Lochridge Jr., pastor of Second Baptist
Church in Kings Mountain.

"It is not up to us to question what God defined as marriage in Genesis, Chapter
2," Lochridge said in an email to The Star  on Tuesday . "If our elected
officials will not stand up for the Christian principles on which this country
was founded, then we, the voters, need to elect those who will. America has been
a great nation in the past because we have stood on God's word from the
beginning."

The Rev. Dr. Valori Mulvey Sherer, rector at the Episcopal Church of the
Redeemer in Shelby, said the ruling doesn't make some winners and some losers.

"It simply prohibits one group of people from discriminating against another
using the force of law," she said in an email to The Star . "Churches and
Christians who believe gay marriage is wrong will not be forced to marry gays.
Churches and Christians who believe in marriage equality will soon no longer be
inhibited from living out our beliefs and conferring this sacramental grace on
all who seek it."

The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond, Va., is the second federal
appellate court to overturn gay marriage bans, after the Denver circuit, and is
the first to affect the South, a region where the rising tide of rulings
favoring marriage equality is testing concepts of states' rights and
traditional, conservative moral values that have long held sway.

Dr. Bo Wagner, pastor of Cornerstone Baptist Church in Mooresboro said the
recent decisions signal how far Americans, religious or not, are straying from
the government structure established by the country's founding fathers.

"Hamilton, in Federalist Paper number nine, said 'The proposed Constitution, so
far from implying an abolition of the State governments, makes them constituent
parts of the national sovereignty, by allowing them a direct representation in
the Senate, and leaves in their possession certain exclusive and very important
portions of sovereign power,'" Wagner said in an email to The Star . "The 10th
Amendment states so very simply and clearly, 'The powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are
reserved to the states respectively, or to the people.'

"The people of the State of North Carolina spoke overwhelmingly, legally,
clearly and rightly," Wagner said. "When the federal government steps in and
waves all of that away with a judicial wand, the spell it casts is one that
removes power from the people to whom it belongs, and renders them subjects of a
judicial oligarchy."

However, Sherer -- whose church hosted the county's first gay pride picnic last
month -- and others see the court's decision as a positive one for North
Carolina.

"I am witnessing so much joy and hope from the LGBTQA community since news of
the ruling hit yesterday," she said. "Neighbors who have been excluded from
marriage because of their sexual orientation and who experience discrimination
on a regular basis, now express renewed hope. Some of my LGBTQ friends are
contacting me to begin discussions about getting married."

North Carolina's top lawman, Roy Cooper, quickly announced that he will stop
defending his state's ban, but a spokesman said South Carolina's attorney
general, Alan Wilson, sees no need to change course. Maryland already allows
same-sex marriages. West Virginia Attorney General Patrick Morrisey, for his
part, said he's reviewing the decision and won't comment until it's final.

Gay marriage proponents have won more than 20 legal decisions around the country
since the U.S. Supreme Court struck down part of the federal Defense of Marriage
Act last year. Most are still under appeal. More than 70 cases have been filed
in all 31 states that prohibit same-sex marriage. Nineteen states and the
District of Columbia allow such marriages.

The U.S. Supreme Court could have at least five appellate decisions to consider
if it takes up gay marriage again in its next term, beginning in October.

___

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

___ (c)2014 The Star (Shelby, N.C.) Visit The Star (Shelby, N.C.) at
www.shelbystar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140729-SS-Pastors-react-to-appeals-court-ruling-that-would-affect
-N-C-s-Amendment-One-20140729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2014 The Star


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       June 27, 1996 Thursday 2D EDITION

Medical device suits OK'd

BYLINE: Denver Post Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 529 words


The U.S. Supreme Court ruled yesterday that makers of medical devices can be
sued in state courts over alleged defects in their products.

Even if medical-device companies comply with federal laws and regulations, they
can still face product-liability lawsuits under state laws, the justices said.

"The most important thing about the ruling is that the medical-device industry
has lost an important defense in negligence lawsuits," said Dennis McElwee, a
Denver attorney experienced in medical-device issues.

The court voted 5-4 to revive all claims by a Florida woman who says she was
almost killed by a defect in her heart pacemaker, manufactured by
Minneapolis-based Medtronic Inc.

The ruling will affect thousands of lawsuits over allegedly defective medical
devices, not just pacemakers. Earlier this year, a federal judge in Birmingham,
Ala., said the decision could "significantly affect" the many silicone
breast-implant lawsuits pending in his court.

But the court's splintered voting clouded what the ruling's effect may be, and
there was no clear indication as to how the ruling will affect disputes over the
right to sue in state courts over other types of products that need federal
approval before being marketed.

Consumer groups were delighted nonetheless. Public Citizen, an advocacy group
founded by consumer champion Ralph Nader, called the ruling "crucial to
protecting health and safety."

William George, president of Medtronic, said he was disappointed but that his
company will continue to defend itself in the lawsuit. Other manufacturers also
expressed disappointment.

"Telectronics would agree with Medtronic in expressing disappointment that the
Supreme Court did not act in the best interest of medical innovation or in the
best interest of patients who need medical devices," said Larry Wettlaufer, vice
president of Englewood-based Telectronics Pacing Systems Inc., a manufacturer of
pacemakers and pacemaker leads.

Telectronics is the defendant in a class-action lawsuit filed by more than 200
people who claim that they have been harmed by Telectronics devices. "This
ruling has absolutely no adverse effect on the substantive defenses that the
company still has and will always have available," Wettlaufer said.

In the Medtronic case, the court ruled unanimously that a 1976 federal law
called the Medical Device Amendments allows consumers to file state lawsuits
claiming a product had a design defect.

The justices split 5-4 in ruling that the law doesn't preclude lawsuits alleging
faulty manufacturing or labeling of a medical device.

The lawsuit was filed by Laura Lohr and her husband, Michael, of Jacksonville,
Fla. They allege faulty design, manufacturing and labeling of her Medtronic
pacemaker.

Laura Lohr was 27 when the pacemaker was implanted in 1987. The federal Food and
Drug Administration had authorized the sale of the device, and it never was
recalled.

But three years later, the wire delivering electrical impulses from the
pacemaker to Lohr's heart failed. She underwent emergency surgery and has needed
four operations since.

Denver Post business writer David Algeo contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             March 24, 1996 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

New faces, ideas mean big changes;
North Carolina's oldest health insurer gets with the times, embraces managed
care and cost cutting

BYLINE: JEFF ZIMMER The Herald-Sun

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1567 words


Welcome to managed care - the cost-conscious, cost-controlling philosophy of
medical insurance sweeping the state and nation. Millions now share MacDowell's
dilemma; millions more are likely to in the future.

``Managed care is not managing for the patient. The notion of the good of the
patient becomes a secondary consideration, if it's a consideration at all,''
says MacDowell, who lives in Chapel Hill and is insured through Blue Cross Blue
Shield of North Carolina's flagship managed-care program, the Personal Care
Plan.

After decades of simply processing subscribers' hospital and doctor bills, the
insurance giant is spending more than $50 million to transform itself into a
managed-care powerhouse.

That means taking a front-line role in its customers' health. And it means
pushing health plans that oversee everything from a subscriber's choice of
doctor and hospital to whether a particular test is appropriate.

Company officials say it will take time to recast the state's oldest and largest
insurer, launched in 1933 with just $250 in cash. Blue Cross now has annual
revenues of $1.4 billion, 1.6 million subscribers and 2,400 employees.

The impending changes have spawned a host of questions. Two big ones are:

* How will heavy investment in managed care affect the company's financial
health, which has never been better?

* How will an emphasis on managed care affect the company's role as the state's
only nonprofit health insurer and its mission to serve all North Carolinians --
even those who are high insurance risks?

Blue Cross' first president says the shift to managed care is certain to change
the company.

``It sure as hell affects their mission,'' said J. Alexander McMahon of Durham,
president from 1968-73. ``It affects everybody -- hospitals, doctors and
employees. It's not `do what the patient needs today and we'll pay for it.'
Those days are gone.''

One thing seems sure:

Increasingly, Tar Heels who use Blue Cross will find themselves lured, or
pushed, into managed care as the company revamps efforts to attract people and
employers looking for low-cost health coverage.

Managing change

The company's transformation started at the top in 1994, when it hired Ken Otis
as its third president. Otis, 55, followed Thomas Rose, who led Blue Cross from
1973 to 1993 -- a span that saw traditional insurance in its heyday and
turbulent years of spiraling health-care costs.

``The board saw the marketplace was shifting out from under them to a
managed-care market, so they went after one of the best in the business and got
him,'' said Randy Madry of Raleigh, former head of the managed-care division of
the state Department of Insurance.

Otis said his aim is to make a strong company stronger.

``We really want to build on all that's best of Blue Cross and all that has
served us over the years, as well as responding to the needs of the
marketplace,'' he said.

New man in town

A Yale and Harvard graduate, Otis came to North Carolina after overseeing the
for-profit HMO run by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida. When he arrived, Blue
Cross stood unchallenged in the total insurance market. But its managed-care
programs were taking a beating.

``Blue Cross has been in managed care for a long time in North Carolina, but I
don't think people have been impressed with the nature of managed-care products
they've offered,'' said Chris Conover, a Duke University health-policy analyst
who has studied the state's health-care industry since 1984.

Otis has worked to change that perception by revamping the company's
managed-care programs and top administrative structure.

Change hasn't come cheap. Blue Cross' top financial official estimates the
company has spent more than $50 million since 1994 beefing up its managed-care
operations, particularly its Personal Care Plan health maintenance organization.

PCP now boasts a wellness program that offers subscribers a voluntary appraisal
of their health risks, a 500-page self-help book, access to a 24-hour nurse
phone line and a quarterly self-care newsletter.

But price is the biggest change, and appeal, in Blue Cross' managed-care
offerings. Last year, PCP went from being the most expensive HMO option for
state employees to the least expensive among seven HMOs from which the employees
can choose.

Workers jumped at the chance to save. Enrollment exploded almost a dozen-fold,
from 2,279 to 26,554 -- making PCP the largest HMO available in the state plan.

Aggressive pricing and other changes also have spurred statewide interest in PCP
and other Blue Cross managed-care programs.

In less than two years, the number of PCP subscribers has almost doubled, from
71,835 to 140,591, Blue Cross said. Blue Cross' managed-care enrollment grew
from 548,240 in July 1994 to 698,990 this January, the company said.

``They've definitely made the decision they want more emphasis on managed care
because that's where the industry is going,'' said David DeVries, executive
administrator of the state employee health plan.

Under HMOs like PCP, subscribers pay a fixed premium and see ``primary-care''
physicians who manage what health services patients receive. Subscribers also
pay a fixed amount for every doctor visit, usually around $10.

Under traditional insurance, subscribers pay a set amount, usually about $100,
before coverage starts. They then pay about 20 percent of medical bills; the
insurer pays the other 80 percent.

Employers typically pay a share of employee premiums. Since such ``indemnity
plans'' are more expensive, the employers end up paying more.

New challenge

Blue Cross' dominance in the traditional insurance market has never been
seriously threatened. The same doesn't hold for managed care. In 1981, Blue
Cross was among the first companies licensed by the state to operate a statewide
HMO. By 1987, it had about 140,000 members, including 75,000 from the state
employee health plan. But PCP didn't have effective controls on costs or
adequate oversight of physicians.

``We took a significant bath and that played dickens with our managed-care
network,'' said Gary Wilson, a former Blue Cross senior vice president who
resigned last year.

By 1988, PCP enrollment had dropped to fewer than 60,000 members -- largely
because Blue Cross did not rebid for the contract, thus shedding itself of
75,000 PCP members. In 1993, Blue Cross closed its other HMO, Health Maintenance
Organization of North Carolina.

Meanwhile, by the early 1990s, competition was heating up. Kaiser Permanente,
Healthsource, PHP Inc. and other managed-care insurers were busy enrolling
members and turning a profit because they controlled costs better. By 1994, each
of those three companies reported between 89,000 and 120,000 members and profits
ranging from $5 million to $12 million.

But Blue Cross, wary of red ink, was slow to make its managed-care plans more
appealing -- or to pitch them seriously to employers. It didn't bid again on the
state health plan until 1994, six years after bowing out. In 1994, it was the
most expensive HMO in the plan.

Meanwhile, after years of rejecting managed care, North Carolinians grew
familiar with its new ways and low costs. They started flocking to low-cost
HMOs. In 1992, only 343,000 state residents were HMO members. By last June, the
figure was 600,000.

Even so, the percentage of state residents in HMOs and managed care is low --
which is why the insurance industry sees North Carolina as fertile territory. In
1992, the state had only nine full-service HMOs. Now it has 18. Another nine are
awaiting state licenses.

``We've got some major new players,'' said Gary Wilson, a former Blue Cross
senior vice president who retired last year after 20 years. ``There's a level of
activity that this state has never seen.''

Facing the future

Faced with the growing consumer interest in managed care, Blue Cross had little
choice but to change.

``We need to make sure that we're understanding the market, our customers, the
changing needs out there, and we're responding,'' Otis said.

The company already administers self-insurance programs in which businesses pay
medical claims out of their own pocket -- such as the 500,000-member state
health plan. Blue Cross handles the paperwork for medical claims and reimburses
physicians and hospitals.

In another area outside its managed-care operations, Blue Cross handles Medicare
hospital benefits for another 900,000 state residents. With 1.6 million members,
Blue Cross' slice of the health-insurance market is about 23 percent -- by far
the largest.

But in the early 1990s, managed care loomed as the insurance giant's Achilles'
heel. Otis says he wants to turn it into the company's greatest strength.

Part of his strategy is to build a broad portfolio of managed-care offerings.
Blue Cross has expanded its PCP programs. It offers a ``point-of-service'' plan
where, for an extra payment, subscribers can go outside the network. There also
are two Preferred Provider Organizations (PPOs). PPOs let members use hospitals
and physicians from an approved list or, for a much higher rate, see other
doctors.

All Blue Cross' work on refining managed-care options has paid off, Otis said.
``We think it's a better mousetrap,'' he said.

Still, Otis said, Blue Cross isn't out to force its subscribers into managed
care.

``One size does not fit all and it's not our intent to shoehorn anybody,'' he
said.

COMING TOMORROW: Blue Cross' solid bottom line shatters the mold of a nonprofit
company.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Peter Schumacher, Blue Cross Blue Shield faces a changing health
care market, NEW MAN IN TOWN: Ken Otis, 55, is the third president of Blue Cross
Blue Shield. One observer says the nonprofit health care giant "went after one
of the best in the business and got him." Graphic: staff, BCBS ENROLLMENT IN
MANAGED CARE PLANS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1996 The Durham Herald Co.


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                             October 2, 2011 Sunday

Action doesn't affect bees;
Tree treatment for beetles

BYLINE: Bill Fortier, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 806 words

DATELINE: LEICESTER


There are still two more years to go, but early test results show that a
chemical injected into the trunks of trees in the Asian longhorned beetle
quarantine zone has a negligible effect on nearby honeybees.

Josephine Johnson, who is doing her doctoral thesis on how imidacloprid affects
honeybees, told about 100 people at yesterday's meeting of the Worcester County
Beekeepers Association at the Knights of Columbus Hall that, so far, samples
from four testing sites in the 98-square-mile quarantine site indicate very
small traces of imidacloprid in pollen gathered by honeybees.

The chemical has been put into non-infested trees to protect them from the
voracious beetle.

Ms. Johnson, who is getting her doctorate in toxicology from the University of
Maryland at Baltimore, has also worked on a six-year study in parts of New York
City that were hit by a much smaller invasion of the beetles than has been
experienced in Worcester County, where about 30,000 trees have been removed
since the beetle was discovered in the Greendale section of Worcester in 2008.

"The infestation in Worcester County trumps the combined infestations in the
rest of the United States and Canada," said Clint D. McFarland, project director
of the Asian Longhorned Beetle Cooperative Education Program in Massachusetts.
He briefed the audience on beetle eradication efforts in Central Massachusetts.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is in the first year of a three-year study in
Worcester County on how the chemical affects honeybees. The six-year study in
New York City showed that while imidacloprid migrates to leaves of trees, it is
much less noticeable in the pollen bees gather to pollinate other vegetation.
She said bees are not attracted to tree leaves during their activities

Ms. Johnson, as well as Worcester County Beekeepers Association Program Director
Kenneth Warchol of Northbridge, said flower and pollen samples collected earlier
this year are the first in the three-year study, and the results shared with the
audience yesterday are preliminary and could change.

"There is a possibility the samples will be higher in the next two years," Mr.
Warchol said during the lunch break.

Mr. McFarland said the imidacloprid injections would stop if any evidence showed
that honeybees are being adversely affected. The testing sites in the quarantine
zone contain five beehives each and are on Salisbury Street in Holden, Worcester
Street in West Boylston, Main Street in Boylston and Ararat Street in Worcester.
Four sites that also contain five beehives have also been set up in Framingham,
and results from those are being compared with results from the quarantine zone,
Mr. Warchol said.

Ms. Johnson said in an interview that testing she has done on 108 water samples
in Maryland show some residue of imidacloprid in about 20 percent of them. She
said the water samples were taken primarily from puddles.

Imidacloprid is an insect neurotoxin that is not harmful to humans, she said.
Studies are being done on how the chemical affects honeybees.

Mr. McFarland said in his update that progress is being made in the battle
against the Asian longhorned beetle. He said, for example, that 23 of the 33
beetles found this year have been in traps. In 2010, only 10 of 176 beetles were
found in traps, which is a sign they are not spreading as much as they were in
2008, when, he said, people were sweeping them off home plate of a baseball
diamond at Kendrick Field in Greendale.

Still, the concern is that the beetle will spread into red maples in swampy
areas of Central Massachusetts, although so far that does not appear to be
happening.

"Oh yeah, oh yeah," Mr. McFarland said in a response to a question on whether
the beetle could spread south into, for example, southern and eastern Worcester
County.

About 9,500 new trees have been planted in the city since 2008, and Mr.
McFarland said federal stimulus money that will pay for trees is available to
people who live in the quarantine zone, which includes all of Worcester, West
Boylston and Boylston and parts of Shrewsbury, Holden and Auburn. He said people
in those areas who would like to have beetle-resistant trees planted in their
yard can call (508) 852-8073.

American arborvitae, Kousa dogwood, Sargent cherry and sweetgum have been the
primary types of trees planted to replace those that had be cut down, Mr.
McFarland said

Red and Norway maples, as well as birches and willows, are the beetle's favorite
foods, Mr. McFarland said, adding that the beetles do not like oaks and
coniferous trees.

Mr. McFarland said he has bought a home in the Chandler Street section of
Worcester, where he has planted a Paperbark maple, a river birch and one pussy
willow. He acknowledged that he is curious to see what happens to them, but he
also planted them because he likes what he called their natural beauty.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Josephine Johnson, who is doing her doctoral thesis on how imidacloprid affects
honeybees, addresses the Worcester County Beekeepers Association yesterday.
T&G Staff/RICK CINCLAIR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Well)

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Ask Well: Statins and Your Sex Life

BYLINE: KAREN WEINTRAUB

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 429 words



HIGHLIGHT: The science on statins and sexual function is inconclusive, but it
does appear that taking a statin can affect a person&#8217;s sex life, in both
positive and negative ways.


 Question:

Do statins affect erections in men?

Answer:

The science on statins and sexual function is inconclusive, but it does appear
that taking a statin may sometimes affect a person's sex life.

On the plus side, some men report improved erections when their high cholesterol
was treated with statins, said Dr. Steven Nissen, chairman of the department of
cardiology at the Cleveland Clinic. It is plausible that lowering cholesterol
improves the function of the cells that line blood vessels, which could help
erectile function, he said.

But a 2008 report from the University of California, San Diego, tells a
different story. Researchers looked at statin use and sexual function in 1,000
men and women, half of whom were given a statin and half of whom took a placebo.
Over all, men on statins were about twice as likely as those taking placebos to
report that their ability to achieve orgasm had become "somewhat worse" or "much
worse."

Dr. Beatrice Golomb, a professor at the University of California, San Diego,
medical school, who helped conduct that study, says doctors don't always take
patients seriously when they talk about side effects, sexual or otherwise. In
other research, Dr. Golomb found that when patients complained about the most
commonly recognized side effects of statins, their doctors denied the
possibility of a connection more than half the time.

Medical problems that lead to a statin prescription might also be to blame for
changes in sexual function, said Dr. Natan Bar-Chama, director of male
reproductive medicine at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. Statins are commonly
prescribed for people with ailments such as diabetes or heart disease, which can
cause erectile dysfunction. If the underlying disease improves when someone
takes statins, then erectile function is likely to improve as well, he said.

On the flip side, statins can cause side effects such as fatigue and muscle
weakness. Anyone with those conditions would be more likely to suffer sexual
problems, he said.

Because the science on statins and sexual function is so inconclusive, Dr.
Golomb said, patients who do notice sexual problems should talk to their doctors
about whether the likely benefits of statins are worth the trade-off. Research
has clearly shown that men under 70 with pre-existing heart disease live longer
if they take statins, but the advantages are less clear for women, those without
disease and those over 70, she said.

"Doctors need to be informed about and responsive to patient concerns," Dr.
Golomb said. "Make sure you have a doctor who listens to you."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 11, 2005 Tuesday

Rising gasoline prices affecting how students commute to school

BYLINE: Emily Miller, Jessica Sims and Samantha Tuttle For the Deseret Morning
News

LENGTH: 758 words


Due to the catastrophic effects of Hurricane Katrina, gas prices across the
country have risen to staggering heights. Even though Utah imports oil and gas
from Wyoming, our prices have still been affected by the events in the South.

Since the initial rise in prices immediately following the hurricane, Utah's
gas-price range shifted from among the lowest in the nation to near the top, and
now back to average. This shift reflects the rise and drop in crude-oil prices,
which appears to have affected the rest of the nation before having an impact on
Utah.

Last month, Utah's prices, while still rising, were far below many other states.
In North Carolina, the prices were as high as $3.17 for regular gas, while in
Utah the high was $2.81. Last week, the prices ranged from $2.79 in Oklahoma to
$3.07 in North Carolina, with Utah at an average price of $2.85.

The rising gas prices have also affected high school students throughout the
nation. In Georgia, where the price of regular gas has skyrocketed to $3.06,
some schools have cut back on the number of school days, having four instead of
five days a week because gas is so expensive. In Indiana, some schools have
canceled all field trips.

We asked Utah students -- and one from Indiana -- how rising gas prices are
affecting them.

"Well, I'm broke all the time now, and I try not to drive as much as I can. I
see if anyone else can give me rides to school. I just try not to drive at all."
-- Shanda Pratt, junior, Lone Peak High School

"I try not to drive as much. The biggest difference is that I used to get gas
when it was at the top of the 'E' and now I wait until it is below the 'E '
before I go to the gas station because I am hoping that prices will go down. If
prices go down, I fill up -- even if I am not on empty -- since I know they will
go up again." -- Kirby Dawson, senior, Brownsburg, Indiana

"They make me make my dad drive to school." -- Mark Bennet, senior, West High
School

"OK, they don't affect me, because my mom pays for my gas." -- Lyndsi Rufener,
senior, Cottonwood

"It doesn't really affect me financially yet, but it affects my family, and it
kind of affects me, because if they are spending more money on gas then I have
less money for clothes and stuff." -- Chelsea Lindford, sophomore, Lone Peak

"I don't drive, personally, and so it doesn't really effect me, but I think it's
ridiculous that you spend over $50 to fill up a Euro Van." -- Clare Cho, senior,
West

"I don't pay for my gas!" -- Jeffery Sanders, junior, West

"The gas prices affect how I get to school, because I'm in a carpool now, and we
have to drive as little as possible because we live so far away. I live 20
minutes away from school, so we refill gas every two days, so we're in a carpool
to save gas, and it kinda sucks. because I get to school late." -- Autumn
Gehring, junior, Cottonwood High School

"It's taking me forever to get my driver's license because my parents make me
pay for gas when we go get driving hours." -- Emma Freedman, junior, West

"Rising gas prices affect how I get to school, because I have to pay for the
gas. It costs me, like, a dollar a week extra, so I really don't care." -- Chase
Clark, senior, Cottonwood

"I started carpooling because then we share gas prices. Because I live on the
west side and it takes me 20 minutes to get up here, that's a lot of gas every
single day of the week. And sometimes when you have extracurricular activities,
you have to drive down and up and back. You gotta be careful on your gas; you
don't want to be all cool and rev up your engine, that's a waste of your tank of
gas." -- Kyndra Nydegger, senior, Cottonwood

"Well, gas prices don't affect me that much financially so far because I don't
have to pay for the gas. But my parents, just because the prices are rising, are
already more stingy with the amount I can drive, and as soon as I start paying
it is going to be hard." -- Annie Watkins, junior, Lone Peak

"Right now I carpool, so I don't have to pay for gas, but I am getting a car
soon, and I'm going to have to pay for gas, and that's going to suck because gas
prices are ridiculous." -- Natalie Barton, junior, Lone Peak Emily Miller is a
junior at West High School, Jessica Sims is a junior at Cottonwood High School
and Samantha Tuttle is a junior at Lone Peak High School. All are members of the
Deseret Morning News Pulse team of high school writers. If you are a Utah high
school student and have a topic you would like to see covered, please e-mail
pulse@desnews.com or write to Susan Whitney at the Deseret Morning News.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday
                                  WEB Edition

Eagles trade Bradford, clearing the way for Wentz

BYLINE: By Zach Berman; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt.; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 1021 words


The Eagles planned to enter the season this week with Sam Bradford as their
starting quarterback until Howie Roseman walked by a television on Tuesday and
saw a news alert that Minnesota Vikings quarterback Teddy Bridgewater suffered a
significant knee injury.

That started conversations that eventually led the Eagles to send Bradford to
the Vikings on Saturday in a blockbuster trade that brought the Eagles a 2017
first-round pick and 2018 conditional fourth-round pick while potentially
changing the outlook of the season and accelerating the timetable of rookie
Carson Wentz.

"We weren't looking to move Sam; we didn't make any calls on Sam," Roseman said.
"It was just that as we looked at the offer and what we felt like it could do
for our football team going forward, we felt like it was in the best interest of
our team."

The Eagles' executive vice president of football operations would not say who
would start at quarterback on opening day, but multiple reports suggest it will
be Wentz if the rookie is healthy. Wentz is recovering from fractured ribs.
Veteran Chase Daniel is the other quarterback on the roster.

It was an enormous price for the Vikings to pay, but that haul persuaded the
Eagles to part with Bradford two days before they begin practicing for the
season opener next Sunday against the Cleveland Browns. The deal also gets the
Eagles back into the first round of the 2017 draft, which will be held in April
on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.

The 2018 fourth-round pick will become a third-round pick if the Vikings make
the NFC championship game this season, and the Eagles would return a
seventh-round pick, according to a league source. If the Vikings win the Super
Bowl, the pick becomes a second-rounder.

The Eagles have already paid Bradford $11 million, but they save $5.5 million in
salary cap space this season and do not have the burden of his $22.5 million
salary cap number next season while recouping some of the picks lost in the
trade that allowed them to get Wentz.

Roseman has always been adept at understanding market forces and player
valuation, although he could not have foreseen a situation in which a playoff
team in a new stadium like the Vikings lost its starting quarterback the week
before the season.

"For us to make a trade of this magnitude that affects the NFC East, that
affects the NFC North, that affects the NFC as a whole - and who knows, could
affect the National Football League - that's pretty drastic a week before the
season," Roseman said. "We didn't take that lightly. Those were the tenor of our
conversations with the Vikings, was that for our organization to do something
like that when we have a plan and we have a blueprint, it has to be something
that could really affect us going forward for a long period of time. And we felt
that was the reason to pull the trigger on the trade when we looked at the picks
and the cap room to spend to improve the team going forward."

Roseman said the conversations began after Bridgewater's injury. The contact
came Wednesday from Minnesota. Roseman told Vikings general manager Rick
Spielman that the compensation "was going to have to be significant" for the
Eagles to consider. It wasn't a normal trade negotiation with much
back-and-forth, but given the Vikings' need and the price the Eagles set, the
two sides made good partners.

"Because of our quarterback depth chart, we got some calls this week," Roseman
said. "We didn't initiate any phone calls. But as [we] went through it and we
talked about the scenario and how hard it would be for us to trade Sam, our
starting quarterback, a week before the regular season and put us in this
situation . . . and [the Vikings] realized that, they understood that, and
that's how the trade came about."

The Eagles acquired Bradford, a former Heisman Trophy winner and No. 1 overall
pick, in 2015 from the Los Angeles Rams for Nick Foles and a 2016 second-round
pick. Bradford started under Chip Kelly last season and re-signed with the
Eagles for two years and $36 million in March. He remained the top quarterback
even after the Eagles traded up in the draft to acquire Wentz, although he also
skipped two weeks of the offseason program to try to force a trade. Bradford was
welcomed back by the team and had a strong training camp, and he now must start
with a new team one week before the season.

"My initial reaction was I was a little surprised just because it wasn't on my
radar," Bradford said in a conference call with Minnesota reporters. "But that
surprise turned into excitement when I realized the opportunity I had ahead of
me."

After an interview with two Inquirer reporters Wednesday, Bradford was asked if
he heard about Bridgewater's injury. Bradford, a veteran of knee injuries,
offered his sympathy. He couldn't have imagined then that it would lead to this
trade.

Bradford spoke to Eagles coach Doug Pederson on Saturday while the head coach
was with family after his father died on Friday night. Roseman said Pederson was
a part of the decision to trade Bradford, and the coach was kept abreast of the
negotiations. Owner Jeffrey Lurie was also consulted about the deal.

Roseman did not think the trade meant the Eagles aren't interested in being
competitive this season, and he cited the strength of the defense and special
teams as reasons to be confident. He also mentioned the depth at quarterback.

But the move is an about-face from the team's stated objective throughout the
offseason of starting Bradford and developing Wentz. Then Bridgewater hurt his
knee, the Vikings were able to blow away the leveraged Roseman, and the Eagles
traded their starting quarterback and altered the course of the franchise.

"The only circumstance that changed was this trade offer from the Vikings,"
Roseman said. "This was not our blueprint; this was not part of the plan. . . .
Our organization has had a run of success at some point, but we are trying to
get that trophy, and to do that sometimes you've got to do things like this that
aren't so easy to do the week before the season starts."

zberman@phillynews.com

@ZBerm www.philly.com/eaglesblog


LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: (Yong Kim/Staff Photographer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday
                                  WEB Edition

Eagles trade Bradford, clearing the way for Wentz

BYLINE: By Zach Berman; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt. Eagles; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 1021 words


The Eagles planned to enter the season this week with Sam Bradford as their
starting quarterback until Howie Roseman walked by a television on Tuesday and
saw a news alert that Minnesota Vikings quarterback Teddy Bridgewater suffered a
significant knee injury.

That started conversations that eventually led the Eagles to send Bradford to
the Vikings on Saturday in a blockbuster trade that brought the Eagles a 2017
first-round pick and 2018 conditional fourth-round pick while potentially
changing the outlook of the season and accelerating the timetable of rookie
Carson Wentz.

"We weren't looking to move Sam; we didn't make any calls on Sam," Roseman said.
"It was just that as we looked at the offer and what we felt like it could do
for our football team going forward, we felt like it was in the best interest of
our team."

The Eagles' executive vice president of football operations would not say who
would start at quarterback on opening day, but multiple reports suggest it will
be Wentz if the rookie is healthy. Wentz is recovering from fractured ribs.
Veteran Chase Daniel is the other quarterback on the roster.

It was an enormous price for the Vikings to pay, but that haul persuaded the
Eagles to part with Bradford two days before they begin practicing for the
season opener next Sunday against the Cleveland Browns. The deal also gets the
Eagles back into the first round of the 2017 draft, which will be held in April
on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.

The 2018 fourth-round pick will become a third-round pick if the Vikings make
the NFC championship game this season, and the Eagles would return a
seventh-round pick, according to a league source. If the Vikings win the Super
Bowl, the pick becomes a second-rounder.

The Eagles have already paid Bradford $11 million, but they save $5.5 million in
salary cap space this season and do not have the burden of his $22.5 million
salary cap number next season while recouping some of the picks lost in the
trade that allowed them to get Wentz.

Roseman has always been adept at understanding market forces and player
valuation, although he could not have foreseen a situation in which a playoff
team in a new stadium like the Vikings lost its starting quarterback the week
before the season.

"For us to make a trade of this magnitude that affects the NFC East, that
affects the NFC North, that affects the NFC as a whole - and who knows, could
affect the National Football League - that's pretty drastic a week before the
season," Roseman said. "We didn't take that lightly. Those were the tenor of our
conversations with the Vikings, was that for our organization to do something
like that when we have a plan and we have a blueprint, it has to be something
that could really affect us going forward for a long period of time. And we felt
that was the reason to pull the trigger on the trade when we looked at the picks
and the cap room to spend to improve the team going forward."

Roseman said the conversations began after Bridgewater's injury. The contact
came Wednesday from Minnesota. Roseman told Vikings general manager Rick
Spielman that the compensation "was going to have to be significant" for the
Eagles to consider. It wasn't a normal trade negotiation with much
back-and-forth, but given the Vikings' need and the price the Eagles set, the
two sides made good partners.

"Because of our quarterback depth chart, we got some calls this week," Roseman
said. "We didn't initiate any phone calls. But as [we] went through it and we
talked about the scenario and how hard it would be for us to trade Sam, our
starting quarterback, a week before the regular season and put us in this
situation . . . and [the Vikings] realized that, they understood that, and
that's how the trade came about."

The Eagles acquired Bradford, a former Heisman Trophy winner and No. 1 overall
pick, in 2015 from the Los Angeles Rams for Nick Foles and a 2016 second-round
pick. Bradford started under Chip Kelly last season and re-signed with the
Eagles for two years and $36 million in March. He remained the top quarterback
even after the Eagles traded up in the draft to acquire Wentz, although he also
skipped two weeks of the offseason program to try to force a trade. Bradford was
welcomed back by the team and had a strong training camp, and he now must start
with a new team one week before the season.

"My initial reaction was I was a little surprised just because it wasn't on my
radar," Bradford said in a conference call with Minnesota reporters. "But that
surprise turned into excitement when I realized the opportunity I had ahead of
me."

After an interview with two Inquirer reporters Wednesday, Bradford was asked if
he heard about Bridgewater's injury. Bradford, a veteran of knee injuries,
offered his sympathy. He couldn't have imagined then that it would lead to this
trade.

Bradford spoke to Eagles coach Doug Pederson on Saturday while the head coach
was with family after his father died on Friday night. Roseman said Pederson was
a part of the decision to trade Bradford, and the coach was kept abreast of the
negotiations. Owner Jeffrey Lurie was also consulted about the deal.

Roseman did not think the trade meant the Eagles aren't interested in being
competitive this season, and he cited the strength of the defense and special
teams as reasons to be confident. He also mentioned the depth at quarterback.

But the move is an about-face from the team's stated objective throughout the
offseason of starting Bradford and developing Wentz. Then Bridgewater hurt his
knee, the Vikings were able to blow away the leveraged Roseman, and the Eagles
traded their starting quarterback and altered the course of the franchise.

"The only circumstance that changed was this trade offer from the Vikings,"
Roseman said. "This was not our blueprint; this was not part of the plan. . . .
Our organization has had a run of success at some point, but we are trying to
get that trophy, and to do that sometimes you've got to do things like this that
aren't so easy to do the week before the season starts."

zberman@phillynews.com

@ZBerm www.philly.com/eaglesblog


LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: (Yong Kim/Staff Photographer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 1, 2005 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Taking On a Giant (Whistleblowers Welcome)

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HALBFINGER

SECTION: Section E; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1282 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, May 31


He's taken on the Bush administration, the war in Iraq and the Fox News Channel.
He's forged alliances with grass-roots liberal groups like MoveOn.org, liberal
research groups, even liberal churches.

Yet Robert Greenwald, the producer and director of ''Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's
War on Journalism,'' thinks his next documentary-cum-indictment will appeal to
gun-toting Bush voters in the Bible belt as much as to the latte-drinking
lefties who made his last movie a hit at house parties on both coasts.

His new project? ''Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price.''

The diminutive Mr. Greenwald, 61, is leading this assault on the retailing
behemoth of Bentonville, Ark., from a converted hot-sheets motel in Culver City,
Calif. There, where MGM executives once conducted their trysts, he and a dozen
or so young producers and editors are compiling digital video from interviewing
teams across the country, while spreading the word through advocacy groups and
labor unions to invite whistleblowers to come forward.

Their plan is to depict what they and a growing number of critics perceive to be
Wal-Mart's sins against society: unfair competition and erosion of the fabric of
communities; exploitation of its American workers, and of the government welfare
programs many rely on to supplement their wages and benefits; union busting;
reliance on suppliers with sweatshops overseas; and environmental negligence --
among others.

They also intend to show how the retailer exerts its outsized influence on
American culture through the so-called ''Wal-Mart effect,'' by limiting the
choices of products like clothing, music -- and movies -- that are available to
consumers.

''Nobody else has a million and a half workers, nobody has 3,500 stores and one
opening every day,'' Mr. Greenwald said. ''You may say: I don't care, I don't
shop at Wal-Mart, why should it affect me? Well it will, because it'll affect
wages, it'll affect health care, it'll affect where your tax dollars go. There
are so many impacts it has on all of us as citizens.''

A Wal-Mart spokeswoman, Sarah Clark, whose responsibilities include ''reputation
management,'' said she was unaware of Mr. Greenwald or his movie until she was
contacted for this article. She noted later that a campaign against Wal-Mart
affiliated with the grocery workers' union, which has tried for years to
organize Wal-Mart workers, was promoting Mr. Greenwald's film project on the
Web.

''It would be difficult to comment on a film we haven't seen, but we'd question
the fairness of a documentary that is being tied to the Wake-Up Wal-Mart
campaign,'' she said. ''Some of our critics are open-minded people who are
genuinely concerned about issues and want to make the world a better place. We
listen, learn and try to work with them toward common goals. Other groups simply
pull publicity stunts to further their own narrow self-interest.''

Mr. Greenwald is hardly the first to look for a dark side to the company that
has become known to millions as a cheap source of staples and minor luxuries.
Last November PBS's ''Frontline'' series showed ''Is Wal-Mart Good for
America?,'' a 60-minute program produced by Rick Young and Hedrick Smith, a
former correspondent for The New York Times. And last year The Los Angeles Times
won a Pulitzer Prize for a series that investigated the retailer's practices and
policies.

Yet Mr. Greenwald, like his fellow muckraking documentarians Michael Moore and
Morgan Spurlock, promises to up the ante by putting the quest for impact
squarely ahead of journalistic convention. He said he chose to discuss his
project -- which has until now operated in secret -- on the eve of the company's
annual shareholders meeting this Friday, for instance, in hopes of kicking up as
much dust there as possible.

Asked whether his documentary would strive for fairness, Mr. Greenwald said he
would offer top Wal-Mart executives the chance to be interviewed but did not see
a reason to give them equal screen time. ''I don't feel an obligation, because
they are spending $2 million a day now telling their side of the story,'' he
said, asserting that Wal-Mart spent that much on public relations.

Mr. Greenwald, who kept ''Outfoxed'' secret from the Fox network until just
before its release, said he had kept his Wal-Mart project under wraps until now,
and would not reveal details about his project until it is finished in a few
months, lest Wal-Mart try to interfere through litigation or by intimidating
workers from cooperating.

Ms. Clark, the Wal-Mart representative, said the project's secrecy was a reason
to doubt its credibility. ''We'd question anyone who was writing a book who
would not come to us and ask us for our own facts,'' she said. ''And I'd
certainly question the accuracy or the fairness of a documentary that didn't
even contact us.''

Mr. Greenwald said that some 15 current Wal-Mart workers who agreed to help had
backed out for fear of retaliation by the company, ignoring his promises of
anonymity in exchange for interviews or incriminating documents, videotape or
e-mail messages.

He added that he had lost two investors in the project, both of them Hollywood
figures who Mr. Greenwald said backed out rather than risk Wal-Mart's rejection
of their other films, as the company is the world's largest DVD retailer. But he
refused to name them or any other investors, saying only that he had so far
raised $700,000 out of a budget of about $1.6 million. He said he would raise
the rest by the same means he hopes to distribute his finished movie: through a
series of partnerships with like-minded organizations and by marketing over the
Web.

Mr. Greenwald did this successfully with his documentary ''Uncovered: The Whole
Truth About the Iraq War,'' for which the Center for American Progress, a
Democratic research group, held press screenings in Washington, and which
MoveOn.org advertised on its Web site for $29.95. This time, he has aligned with
church groups, including the United Church of Christ, which is concentrated in
the Northeast, Midwest and West; with the Petroleum Marketers Association of
America, a trade group of gas station and convenience store operators; and with
the National Education Association. Each for its own reasons had already set its
sights on Wal-Mart, but now they are planning to screen Mr. Greenwald's movie in
church sanctuaries, at school teach-ins and in the living rooms of
small-business owners.

Mr. Greenwald, who has another, more profit-oriented life as a maker of
television movies like ''The Burning Bed'' and theatrical films like ''Steal
This Movie,'' acknowledges that he has mainly preached to a partisan choir in
his earlier documentaries, ''Uncovered'' and ''Unprecedented: The 2000
Presidential Election,'' which he directed, and ''Unconstitutional: The War on
Our Civil Liberties,'' which he produced.

But he said he chose Wal-Mart as his next subject because he saw it as a mainly
red-state company. And in thinking about how to appeal to a red-state audience,
he said in an interview, he realized this could be a way to make common cause
with the socially conservative base of the Republican Party.

''The social values people -- I think the economic issues that we're talking
about absolutely are in sync with them,'' he said. ''To me, it's an anomaly or a
contradiction that some of these folks are voting against their economic
self-interest. But in the Wal-Mart fight, we're seeing that whether you voted
for Bush or have an N.R.A. hat, or are all your life Republican, when Wal-Mart
comes to town, they build or drive you out of business, or your neighbor, or
they put a road where it used to be your front yard -- that's an equalizer.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 11, 2005



CORRECTION: An article in The Arts on June 1 about Robert Greenwald, who is
making a documentary about Wal-Mart, included a film erroneously among those he
has directed. ''Unprecedented: The 2000 Presidential Election'' was directed by
Richard Ray Perez and Joan Sekler; Mr. Greenwald was an executive producer.



GRAPHIC: Photos: The filmmaker Robert Greenwald at his desk in Culver City,
Calif. (Photo by Stephanie Diani for The New York Times)(pg. E1)
 The Rev. Robin Hood makes a statement in a scene from Robert Greenwald's new
documentary, ''Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price.'' (Photo by Brave New
Films)(pg. E7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 23, 2008 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Questions and Answers with Kell Kelly;
Commercial banking industry is healthy, executive says

BYLINE: Steve Lackmeyer, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 460 words


Q: This year has been a tough one for the banking industry - and yet so far
Oklahoma seems to be surviving the storm. But is the state really going
untouched by what's going on nationwide?

A: The momentous actions on Wall Street of the past week will definitely affect
Oklahoma. When the government steps in to "own" Fannie Mae & Freddie Mac, it
will affect Oklahoma. When government guarantees investment bank's mutual funds
and mutual fund money market funds, it will affect Oklahoma. Fortunately,
economic forecasts for Oklahoma that I have heard continue to show strength,
thanks to our oil and gas, agriculture, aerospace, real estate and other
industries. Home values in Oklahoma also remain strong and viable as we did not
experience some of the inflated valuing and sub-prime lending as we saw in
states like California, Florida and Arizona. The fall-out effect of this,
originating from a few states, has been significant however.

Q: Has the banking slump slowed down Spirit Bank's expansion plans?

A: As a whole, the commercial banking industry continues to do very well and is
extremely well capitalized - to the tune of $1.5 trillion held in capital by all
8,000 banks. Ninety-eight percent of all commercial banks are well capitalized.
This is not to be confused with the investment banks on Wall Street in the news
today. These investment banks have little in common with the highly regulated
commercial banks. The government "bailout" of investment banks in the news this
week-end will most definitely change the degree to which they are regulated and
insured.

Q: What can Oklahoma expect over the next year?

A: While we do not see some of the indicators that suggest as extreme a downturn
as other states might, I think we may see many sectors "hunkering down" in order
to weather whatever is ahead. This, in and of itself, may have an impact on
employment and other areas. The recent failures of Wall Street are largely
unprecedented, and so it will be very difficult to gauge outcomes.

Q: Spirit Bank is involved in both Oklahoma City and Tulsa. Do you see both
cities continuing to grow or will national economic troubles eventually hit
home?

A: It wasn't long ago that Oklahoma City was listed as one of the most "bullet
proof" cities in the nation from inflation or economic downturns. And, Tulsa has
done very well to diversify its industries in order to follow suit. Every
downturn has an upside. It may well be that Oklahoma is one of the upsides of
this economy and can prosper by attracting new entrants finding a centralized
place to compete with good labor and good real estate prices. While as I
mentioned, Oklahoma will not be immune from the national troubles, it's good to
keep in mind that we are Main Street and not Wall Street.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kell Kelly
Today's Q&A is with the president and chief executive officer of Spirit Bank.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                      April 11, 2003 Friday Metro Edition

Democrats want age limit for county's judges

BYLINE: By MARTIN DeAGOSTINO and MARTI GOODLAD HELINE; Tribune Staff Writers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 593 words


INDIANAPOLIS -- Democratic lawmakers from St. Joseph County are trying to keep
alive language that would set a mandatory retirement age of 70 for the county's
judges.

A narrow House majority voted this week to remove that requirement from a bill
addressing senior judges' pay, but it could resurface by amendment later.

If it becomes law, it could immediately affect 74-year-old Superior Court Judge
William T. Means.

Superior Court Judge Jerome Frese, 68, also might have to retire before his
current, six-year term expires in 2006.

When Means heard about the proposal Wednesday, he did not appear worried.

"I don't have strong feelings about this," he said. He cited a state law that he
said prevents legislators from taking any action that can affect an officer
holder once he or she has begun his term.

"My term runs until December 31, 2006. Any changes could affect my successor,"
Means said.

Democrats said they are not targeting Means, a longtime fixture in county
Republican politics. But they are frustrated that St. Joseph County is one of
just two counties where Superior Court judges do not face opponents when they
ask voters to retain them in office.

"I'm for limited appointments in one way or another of all appointed judges,"
said House Speaker B. Patrick Bauer, D-South Bend. "If you're elected, it's a
far different thing."

But Bauer and others have not been able to change the decades-old state law that
established the retention-vote system in St. Joseph and Lake counties. Hence,
their attempt to influence judicial selections through the retirement-age
mandate.

Means said he would not be surprised if the ongoing dispute over elected judges
was behind the retirement age proposal. Means has long supported the current
system of judge selection.

"I think you get better judges when they don't have to worry about raising money
to run a campaign," Means said, adding that voters don't have to worry about
judges feeling they owe someone something for a contribution.

Some lawyers would not seek out a judgeship if they had to run for re-election,
he added.

As far as a retirement age of 70, Means noted many of the U.S. Supreme Court
justices are past 70 and work well beyond that age. Many people want to work
beyond the age of 70 because they still enjoy and are fulfilled by their work,
he said. Although he is the only local judge older than 70, Means said he did
not feel targeted.

The retirement-age mandate rankled Rep. William Ruppel, R-North Manchester, who
made a satirical point by filing an amendment to prevent any state official from
holding office after age 70. That would affect many lawmakers, including
Lakeville Republican Richard Mangus.

"Age shouldn't have anything to do with it," Ruppel said away from the House
floor.

Ruppel didn't call his amendment for a vote, but he persuaded 51 lawmakers to
support an amendment that removed the retirement mandate from the broader bill
in question.

Three Democrats supported Ruppel, and they will likely be asked to change their
votes if Democratic leaders try again to move the bill.

Asked why judges should be limited by age instead of term limits, Bauer said age
was simply an idea for discussion. But he said the more pertinent question is
why voters in only two counties are not allowed to choose their judges in
contested races.

State law sets a mandatory retirement age of 75 for Appeals Court and Supreme
Court judges and for Marion Superior Court judges.

Staff writer Martin DeAgostino:

mdeagostino@sbtinfo.com

(317) 634-1707


LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Judge William Means could be affected by a proposal to require St.
Joseph County judges to retire at 70. Means, 74, is unworried, as his term runs
through 2006, and any new legislation cannot affect his current term.  Tribune
Photo JOE RAYMOND

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Los Gatos-Saratoga: Information about obtaining good homeowners insurance

BYLINE: By Rose Meily, for Silicon Valley Community Newspapers

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Los Gatos; News; Local

LENGTH: 613 words


It is never too early for buyers to speak with their Realtor and an insurance
agent about insuring a property. Most mortgage lenders require that buyers
obtain proof of homeowners insurance before they approve a loan on a property.

At a recent meeting of the Silicon Valley Association of Realtors, local
insurance agents told Realtors homeowner insurance policies have different
levels of coverage, deductibles, costs and limitations. "It's not a slam-dunk
that you will obtain insurance, so it's best to find out early," said Megan
Collins, an agent with Integra Insurance Services in Campbell.

Los Gatos State Farm Insurance agent Laura Peterson said not all homeowner
policies are equal. Certain factors affect eligibility and can drive up the cost
of coverage. She said insurance coverage and cost of premiums vary depending on
the age and construction quality of the house, the shape and condition of a
roof, wiring, whether the house has a pool or spa, and location of a property.
Is the property located in a flood or earthquake zone? How close is the nearest
fire hydrant to the property?

New homes are easier to insure than older homes because they would have
up-to-date electrical wiring, new pipes, a new furnace and a new roof. Insurance
credits are given if the property has an alarm system, a shut-off valve, and
other extra features that add better security to the home.

With regard to earthquake, fire or flood insurance, the agents advise homeowners
to find out the deductible and coverage. Even with a high deductible, if a
homeowner has no equity in the house, it may be a good idea to obtain insurance.

According to the agents, flood insurance is driven by the lender. If the
property is located in a flood zone, it would be helpful if the seller already
has a flood elevation certificate.

Insuring a property can have as much to do with the client as the property being
insured. Having a dog or a type of dog, or a home business can affect
eligibility and coverage. If you have a low credit score, you may be considered
a high risk and have to pay a higher premium.

Peterson likewise pointed out, "Occupancy affects eligibility because it affects
where we place the risk."

Factors that can affect eligibility are if the property is vacant (property has
no contents or occupant) or unoccupied (property has furniture but no occupant),
or whether the property will be occupied by the owner or a renter. Remember that
a homeowner policy is different from a landlord policy.

If a buyer plans to tear down the property, or rent out the property after
purchase, they need to let their Realtor know before purchasing the property and
notify their insurance carrier because it could affect eligibility. Once they
have insurance, if circumstances change, they need to inform their insurance
carrier.

"Clients need to be totally honest with their broker about their plans for the
property," stressed Collins.

The agents also noted a claims history follows the client and not the property,
so if you have a claims history, you may be required to pay a higher premium or,
worse yet, you may be denied coverage. Before submitting a claim, consider the
estimated cost of a claim, how much your insurance carrier may surcharge the
policy, and what it would do to your claims history.

Both agents said the ease of obtaining insurance and the right coverage for a
property boils down to good service by the insurance agent. It is always best to
have a local agent whom you can trust and with whom you can form a good
relationship and approach whenever circumstances change.

Information is presented by the Silicon Valley Association of Realtors at
silvar.org . Contact rmeily@silvar.org

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday

Roadway Express Inc. planned job cuts to affect Hagerstown

BYLINE: Kathleen Johnston Jarboe

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 436  words


Hoping to tighten its trucking network, Roadway Express Inc. plans to reposition
close to 955 jobs nationwide, potentially causing job losses for workers not
willing to move, company and union officials said yesterday.The change would
affect about 200 of the 300 jobs at a Hagerstown distribution center. The
regional location is part of the company's network of hubs that consolidate,
repack and reship orders that don't fill an entire truck.

Under the plan, the facility would convert to a smaller center designed to
handle local shipments. The move comes as customers have shifted over time,
making the freight hauler's older routes slower in some cases than its
competition."It's not about whether we like the area or not," Chief Executive
Officer Michael J. Smid told The Daily Record. "The change allows us to be
faster as a network, more efficient as a network and considerably more
reliable."Company officials plan to meet with union officials today in Chicago
to discuss the contract change. The Akron, Ohio-based firm said it would allow
affected workers to move with their jobs and offer relocation assistance.But a
Hagerstown union leader said he planned to argue against the realignment since
many workers would be unwilling to leave family and communities where they have
deep ties."They're already predicting a lot of people won't follow their work,"
said Tom Krause, principal executive officer of Teamsters Local 992. "We're
opposed to the change because it affects too many people. You don't do that on
the backs of the people that have historically made you money."He said Ohio,
among other locations, would win a lot of the repositioned jobs. Facilities in
Hagerstown, Scranton, Pa., and Greenville, S.C., would lose the most
employees.Krause acknowledged that some of Roadway Express's routes now take
three days to ship freight where competitors could complete the work in two
days. But he favored a slower, wait-and-see approach, moving smaller numbers of
employees.The move will affect truckers, freight handlers and loaders and
clerical workers."I think it is too drastic," he said.But Smid said he didn't
expect today's meeting to change the plan to shift Roadway Express's network. He
estimated the move would be completed by the end of the first quarter.Roadway
belongs to the larger corporate family of YRC Worldwide Inc., which changed its
name from Yellow Roadway last year. The smaller affiliate specializes in
less-than-truckload freight transportation and employs about 23,000
nationwide."Networks and applications of our networks and resources need to
shift with our market," Smid said.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           November 3, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

When personal problems are an issue at work; How much information do you share?;
It's best to disclose only what could affect work, and always tell the boss
before fellow employees

BYLINE: GEOFF WILLIAMS, Reuters

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. F21

LENGTH: 852 words


You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal to all your
coworkers. But at home, your life is like a country song - breakups, babies,
debts, disease, your truck broke down and your dog is sick.

Assuming your job isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill?

Sharing personal details at work can be a difficult terrain to navigate. Tell
all early and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your
personal life affects your work. But overshare and you can marginalize yourself
at the one place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the most
anxiety-provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Of course, some personal details like pregnancy or that whole body cast from
your weekend skiing injury may be difficult to hide. But for everything else,
here is a quick primer for what, how and when to share at the office.

Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule, you
should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance.

Legally, you're usually on solid ground if you keep your mouth shut, says Nigel
Telman, an employee attorney at law firm Proskauer Rose in Chicago.

You aren't even required to mention pregnancy, though of course you would have
to if you wanted to take maternity leave.

"The one exception is if you have an illness that could potentially put your
co-workers at risk of contracting the illness. For example, tuberculosis. Then
you must advise your employer of the situation," says Telman.

If you have a soft fuzzy workplace and consider your boss your friend, you may
feel like telling more. Interestingly, workers' views on sharing may be affected
by their age, says Amy Lynch, a Minneapolis consultant, who offers corporate
seminars on managing multiple generations in the workforce.

"Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to share private info, even
if it impacts performance," she says. Generation X tends to share personal
dramas since, "withholding it might be unethical because it affects team
performance."

Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that kind of info with everybody.
They Facebook it."

And speaking of Facebook, don't post personal items on social networking sites
if you aren't going to disclose them at work.

Your colleagues will find out. And they will talk.

If you want to share with your colleagues, tell your boss first, says Niraj
Tenany, chief executive of Netwoven, a tech firm in Milpitas, Calif., with 45
employees.

You could be putting your friend in an uncomfortable, or even job-jeopardizing,
position if you hand them work-related information before telling your
supervisor.

Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tenn., firm with 125 employees.

"Yes, I care and I am happy for you but only share what is relevant to your work
position."

If it's inevitable your employer will learn your news, get it out there early.

For pregnancies, three months is probably good timing, says Allison O'Kelly of
Moms Corps, a professional flexible staffing firm.

"After that, I would tell because you don't want to look like you're holding
back. You want to look helpful."

Offer a solution at the same time that you bring up the topic. If you need to
take time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which
colleagues could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the
evenings.

"You want to get the news out there early so your employer has more time to
prepare and support you, and so they don't feel blindsided," says Nicole
Williams, connection director at LinkedIn and author of several career books,
including "Earn What You're Worth."

Marty Kotis, president and CEO of Kotis Holdings, a Greensboro, N.C., shopping
centre developer, appreciated it when one of his employees gave him two months
notice before the employee was going to be sidelined with back surgery.

"It gave us a chance to discuss how we were going to cover the work flow," says
Kotis.

Some corporations have employee assistance programs (EAPs) run by third party
companies to help staff with personal problems.

They can save a company money, says Sarah Hulsey, the talent manager at Rising
Medical Solutions, a Chicago-based consulting firm that advises companies on
health benefits.

If an employee can get help working out a knotty problem like finding daycare
for a dependent parent, that can save hours and days of work time.

But there's another reason, says Hulsey: "The EAP is there so we don't have that
personal information shared in the workplace."

There are good reasons for companies to support valued employees. "The more
flexible I can be," Kotis says, "it helps me retain some really good staff
members."

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                December 8, 2016

                          TravelCenters of America LLC

                             24601 Center Ridge Roa
                              Westlake 44145-5639
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
TravelCenters of America LLC (TCA) is involved in operating and franchising
travel centers in the US. High inventory turnover ratio and diversified service
offerings are the company's main strengths, whereas decline in revenue, weak
liquidity position and dependence on travel centers segment remains as a major
area of concern. In the future, expansion by competitors, increase in
counterfeit products and increase in manpower costs may affect its growth.
However, growth in trucking industry, strategic initiatives and increase in the
consumer spending in the US are likely to provide growth opportunities to the
company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
DIVERSIFIED SERVICE OFFERINGS
Diversified service offerings not only enable the company to retain its existing
customer base but also help in attracting new customers. The company's travel
centers are open for business 24 hours per day, 365 days per year and offers
various services such as full service restaurants and quick service restaurants,
truck repair and maintenance shops, and travel and convenience stores. It's
typical travel center provides additional services in the form of an information
center, banking services through the banking desk, internet facilities through
wi-fi points, laundry services and other such services. Wide service base
enables the company to increase its customer base and generate higher revenues.
HIGH INVENTORY TURNOVER RATIO
The company reported an increase in the inventory turnover ratio during the
review year. In FY2016, TCA had inventory turnover ratio of 24.3. Its inventory
turnover ratio was higher than one of its main competitors, Pilot Corporation
(Pilot) reported inventory turnover of 2.5 times in FY2016. With the given
turnover ratio, the company takes 15 days to sale its inventory as compared to
145 days taken by Pilot. Improving inventory turnover ratio and lower inventory
turnover days signify that the company incurs low inventory carrying costs,
which help improve its operating performance.
STRONG BUSINESS ASSOCIATIONS
TravelCenters leverages on strong business associations with suppliers to gain
edge over its competitors. The company being a party to an agreement with
Daimler Trucks North America enjoys more business and revenues. Daimler is a
leading manufacturer of heavy trucks in North America operating under the
Sterling Freightliner and Western Star brand names. All except for one of the TA
and Petro sites are or to be authorized providers of repair work and specified
warranty repairs to Daimler's customers through the Freightliner ServicePoint
program. Most of the Petro Sites are or to be authorized providers of similar
services through the Western Star ServicePoint program. Almost all TA truck
maintenance and repair facilities are part of Freightliner's 24 hour customer
assistance database for emergency and roadside repair referrals and have access
to Daimler's parts distribution, service and technical information systems. The
agreement extends to July 2019, providing the company with regular customer
base. Additionally, it has long term relations with ExxonMobil Oil Corporation
for lubricants, McLane Company, Inc. for convenience store and tobacco products,
Michelin North America, Inc. for truck tires and Bridgestone Corporation for
tire sales. These alliances and collaborations helped the company to manage the
business more effectively and facilitate its partners develop and diversify
interests. These business associations also help the company to enhance its
reputation in the market besides providing cost effective solutions to the
customers.

WEAKNESSES:
DEPENDENCE ON TRAVEL CENTERS SEGMENT
The company's dependence on Travel Centers segment for major portion of revenue
could affect its business growth. TCA operates and franchises 456 travel centers
and convenience stores, of which 252 stores are operated by Travel Centers
segment. In FY2016, the company also generated more than 92% of the company's
total revenues from Travel Centers segment. High dependence on a specific
business segment makes TCA vulnerable to risks associated with that segment.
DECLINE IN REVENUE
TCA exhibited a decline in financial performance in FY2016. The company reported
revenue of US$5,850.6 million as compared to US$7,778.6 million in FY2015, with
an overall decline of 25% in net sales in FY2016. This was primarily due to
decrease in the sales of Fuel and Non-Fuel segment by 51.6% and 10.3
respectively. The company also reported a decline in the operating income and
the net income by 44.2% and 54.5% respectively. Weak financial performance could
affect the company's ability to pursue growth and expansion plans.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWTH IN TRUCKING INDUSTRY
The company stands to benefit from the growth in trucking industry in the US.
According to the American Trucking Association (ATA), the trucking industry
dominate the freight transportation industry in terms of both tonnage and
revenue, comprising 71.4% of tonnage and 72% of revenue in 2025, across the US.
As per ATA's U.S. Freight Transportation Forecast, trucking may have a 64.6%
share of freight and an 74.5% share of revenue by 2026. Intermodal tonnage is
expected to increase by 4.5% annually during 2015-2016 and the Intermodal
revenue is expected to reach US$31 billion in 2022. Since the company sells
gasoline and other fuel and serves truck drivers through its travel centers,
growing transport on the US interstate highways may offer new growth
opportunities to the company.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company might benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
May 2016, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 0.4% or US$69.8
billion and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.5% or US$63.5
billion. The real DPI increased by 0.4% in April 2016, the same increase as
compared to March 2015. The company offers diverse portfolio of products under
various brands, which enjoy wide reach in the US. As TCA operates as a specialty
retailer it may witness increase in sales volumes as a result of rise in income
and spending. Growing personal income and disposable personal income indicates
improved consumer spending in the US, which would positively affect the
purchases of products and performance of companies such as TCA.
STRATEGIC GROWTH INITIATIVES
In an attempt to improve its top line performance, the company continuously
invests to find new business initiatives. The company's strategy to rebalance
the business is progressing well and is expected to improve in coming fiscal. In
June 2016, the company acquired Five Apollo Market Convenience Stores in
Illinois. In April 2016, the company completed its acquisition of assets of
Quaker Steak & Lube for US$25 million. In February 2016, the company announced
to acquire five convenience stores in Illinois. In January 2016, TCA acquired
Four Meiners Convenience Stores in Kansas and Missouri and will be rebranded as
Minit Mart convenience stores. In December 2015, the company completed the
acquisition of ten Stop n Go Convenience Stores in Ohio. Such acquisitions would
allow the company to expand its presence in the US and improve its financial
performance.

THREATS:
RISING MANPOWER COSTS
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees result in an increase in labor costs. The federal minimum
wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The
minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$7.3 per hour in January 2016. The 29
states and the District of Columbia have minimum wages more than federal rate.
These wages range from US$7.5 per hour in Maine and New Mexico to US$10.5 per
hour in Washington D.C. The minimum wage in California increased to US$10 per
hour starting 1 January 2016. In FY2016, the company employed 13,500 employees.
It has taken several initiatives to expand its stores, which requires increasing
its employee base. Therefore, rising manpower cost may impact stability and
operational efficiency of the company.
INCREASE IN COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS
The huge influx of counterfeit products could affect the company's business
operations. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise could lower the company's
sales and affect its profit margins. Customers could mistakenly purchase
counterfeit products bearing fake labels, low quality of the products affect
consumer confidence and spoils the brand image of the genuine company. According
to the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), counterfeiting and piracy are
estimated to cost G20 countries over US$125 billion every year. It is also
estimated that approximately 2.5 million jobs could be destroyed by
counterfeiting and piracy. Through low price offerings, the imitated goods
affect the company's financial performance and brand image. As the company deals
with several national branded products, it is exposed to such challenges.
EXPANSION BY COMPETITOR
Competition is high among the traveler retail industry irrespective of their
sales, service, and availability of products. Competition within the industry is
generally on the basis of the sales, customer service, price of the product and
brand equity. The company's key competitors include Casey's General Stores,
Inc., Holiday Companies, Inc., Susser Holdings Corporation, The Pantry, Inc.,
Ultimate Franchise Systems, Inc, Pilot Corporation and Love's Travel Stops and
Country Stores, Inc. While major competitors have undertaken expansion programs
to match the growth rate, the market also witnessed consolidation For instance,
In January 2016, Love's Travel Stops (Love's) announced to open its stores in 40
locations to expand its presence. Such expansions within the sector may result
in large companies intensifying competition that may cause the company to lose
out on certain customers.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
ANALYSIS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
COMPETITORS
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES
KEY EMPLOYEE BIOGRAPHIES
LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                                 CapitalSource

                                   Suite 3300
                               Los Angeles 90071
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


CapitalSource is a financial holding company offering personal banking and
commercial lending services. Broad product and service portfolio, diverse
customer base, and strong parent backing are its major strengths, even as its
geographic concentration remains an area of concern. Going forward, fluctuations
in interest rates, increase in compliance costs and changing regulations may
affect the company's business performance. However, expanding housing and
mortgage market, growing US economy, and recovery in the US construction
industry may offer ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


CapitalSource's broad product and service portfolio enables it to enhance its
scalability to cater to the distinctive requirements of its clientele. The
company provides a range of financing and lending solutions. The products and
services offered by the company include asset-based lending, commercial real
estate finance, construction real estate lending, equipment leasing and finance,
golf finance, healthcare finance, lender finance, leveraged finance, multifamily
finance, premium finance, resort finance, security finance, and small business
lending. In addition, the company offers services such as business banking
solutions, deposit solutions, online and correspondent banking solutions, cash
management solutions, and collection solutions. Such a broad product and service
portfolio helps the company to boost its revenue.

DIVERSE CUSTOMER BASE


The company caters to a broad range of customers, which provides it with
competitive edge over its competitors. The company, on the back of diverse
product portfolio and through its various customer-centric financial services,
serves diverse customer base across various sectors including technology,
healthcare, equipment and aircraft leasing, real estate, security, and to small
businesses. Diversified customer base insulates the company from negative impact
of a downturn in any particular sector.

STRONG PARENT BACKING


The company's association with PacWest Bancorp (PacWest) enhances its brand
image and market position. PacWest is a bank holding company in the US, which
provides retail banking, corporate banking and treasury management solutions
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Pacific Western Bank. PacWest has more than
US$21 billion of total assets and operates through about 80 full services
branches in California and One branch in Durham, North Carolina. CapitalSource's
strong parent banking provides the company's operations with a strategic
advantage over its competitors, including financial support, superior brand
identity and product


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


The company's dependence on select region for its revenues may affect its
business operations, if the region experiences any political and economical
change. The company conducts its operations in the US. Limited geographic
presence increases the business risks of the company. This also acts as an
obstacle for the expansion plans of the company, as wider reach in terms of
geography would mean reaping more benefits, eventually improving the profit
margins, attaining economies of scale and recognition on a worldwide basis.


OPPORTUNITIES:


EXPANDING HOUSING AND MORTGAGE MARKET


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the mortgage originations for the second quarter in 2015 was
US$395 billion, compared to US$330 in the first quarter of 2015 and US$278
billion in fourth quarter of 2014. The mortgage origination is expected to grow
in future. Capital source, which provides mortgage lending solutions, is
expected to benefit from this growth.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.5% in 2015. It is further expected to increase to 2.6% in 2016. Positive
growth in the economy keeps a balance between exports and imports in the
country, further bolsters individual consumption and investment, and strengthens
government spending. Growing economic activities will increase prices on the
face of stimulating demand that is likely to save the US from tipping into
deflation. Such economic growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions
in the country. CapitalSource, a provider banking and other financial solutions
in the US, is likely to benefit from such positive economic growth.

RECOVERY IN THE US CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY


CapitalSource is likely to benefit from growth in the US construction industry.
The industry is expected to recover and stabilize, as a result of a large
government stimulus package, which aims to increase infrastructure spending,
create jobs and increase the availability of credit. According to In house
research, economic recovery and increased government expenditure on public
infrastructure will drive growth in the US construction industry. The
construction industry in the US is expected to grow at CAGR of 7.12% during
forecast period (2014-2018), to value US$1.6 trillion in 2018. Demand for
residential construction is expected to increase over the forecast period, to
reach US$711 billion in 2018. Construction activity in the residential sector
will be driven by demand-side factors such as growth in single-family housing
and the rising urbanization rate, as well as government support and state
investment in affordable housing schemes. The company, which offers real estate
financing and construction financing services in the US, may benefit from this
growth opportunity.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Increase in compliance costs may impact the company's operations. Compliance
costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the company's
operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased compliance costs
and additional regulations. The compliance burden on companies has probably been
increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises. The Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the Institute of
International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued reports reflecting the
changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The Federal
Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to guard
consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and exert extra
pressure on companies, which are already working on improving their own
governance processes.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                                HCI Group, Inc.

                            5300 West Cypress Street
                                Tampa,  FL 33607
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


HCI is an insurance holding group based in Florida, the US. Sound combined
ratio, broad product and service portfolio and strong financial performance are
the key strengths of the group, even as its geographic concentration and decline
in cash position remain areas of concern. In future, natural calamities, intense
competition and fluctuations in interest rates may affect the group's business
performance. However, growing economy in the US, new service launches, and
positive outlook for the US non-life insurance market will provide new growth
opportunities to the group.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


SOUND COMBINED RATIO


Sound combined ratio indicates that the group is making underwriting profit. The
group was able to maintain its combined ratio below the level of 100% during
FY2015. At the end of FY2015, the net combined ratio of the group was 63.6%. The
combined ratio below 100% indicates that the group has strong operational
efficiency to make underwriting profit.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps HCI to serve a wide range of
customers. The group through its subsidiary offers a wide range of property and
casualty insurance products and services to individual clients. Its product
portfolio includes dwelling property insurance, renters insurance, condominium
owners insurance, flood insurance, homeowner's insurance and reinsurance. Its
service offerings include insurance advisory services, claims settlements, real
estate services and information technology services. Such a wide range of
product and service offerings drives HCI's top-line performance.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


HCI exhibited a strong financial performance during FY2015, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The revenue of the group increased by 9.4%, from
US$266.2 million in FY2014 to US$291.2 million in FY2015. The revenue of the
group increased due to increase in its gross premium earned and policy fee
income during FY2015. The gross premium earned of the group increased by 15.8%,
from US$365.5 million in FY2014 to US$423.1 million in FY2015. The policy fee
income of the group increased by 24%, from US$2.8 million in FY2014 to US$3.5
million in FY2015. The group also reported increase in its operating income and
net income. The operating income of the group increased by 5%, from US$111.4
million in FY2014 to US$116.9 million in FY2015.The net income of the group
increased by 5.1%, from US$62.7 million in FY2014 to US$65.9 million in FY2015.
Such a strong growth in revenue and incomes depicts the financial stability, and
its strong position in the market place. This improved performance will also
help the group to pursue its growth plans aggressively.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Geographic concentration may hinder the growth of the group. The group operated
only in the US. In FY2015, it generated its complete revenue from the US. Such
geographic concentration of the group may expose it to adverse changes in
economical and geo political conditions of that particular region and also
deprives the group from the opportunities existing in other geographies. Such
geographic concentration may also affect the top and bottom line performance of
the group.

DECREASE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the group's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined by 14.8%, from US$314.4 million in FY2014 to US$267.7 million in
FY2015. Decline in cash and equivalents may affect the working capital
requirement of the group, which in turn may affect the group's business
operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The group stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US stood
at 2.4%. It is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2016. Such economic growth is
likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on insurance
solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the insurance
solutions provider in the US such as HCI.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR NON-LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT IN THE US


Growing non-life insurance segment in the US will provide a significant growth
opportunity for the group. According to in-house report, the gross premium
written of the US non-life insurance segment is expected to reach US$1,229.9
billion in 2019. New pricing model, surging house prices, improving economic and
employment growth, increase in par capital disposable income, increasing
e-commerce as distribution channel and increasing natural disasters are few of
the major key drivers for the growing non-life insurance segment. The group a
provider of property and casualty insurance in the US is placed well to benefit
from this.

SERVICES LAUNCH


Recent service launch by the group will help in driving top-line performance by
serving a huge customer base. For instance, in August 2015, the group's
subsidiary Homeowners Choice Property & Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. had
been approved with 51,000 policies from Citizens Property Insurance Corporation,
by Florida Office of Insurance Regulation, of which 17,500 policies were
identified as wind-only. This had helped the group to minimize its underwriting
risks. In March 2016, the group introduced TypTap.com, a website for quoting and
binding flood insurance policies in Florida. The new service would offer the
customers flood insurance quote and flood insurance policy through its website.
Launch of such services helps the group to cater to the changing consumer
demands and serve diverse markets more efficiently.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATION IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the group's
investment income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to monetary policies of
government, domestic and international, economic and political conditions, and
other factors beyond its control. The group invests cash in new interest bearing
investments, which may yield lower than its portfolio's average rate of return
with decline in interest rates. A decrease in interest rates may also result in
buying longer-term or riskier assets in order to obtain adequate investment
yields leading in a duration gap when compared to the duration of liabilities.
An increase in interest rates may affect the value of its investment portfolio
by decreasing the fair values of the fixed maturity securities. Therefore, a
decrease in quality of investment portfolio with changes in interest rates may
cause realized losses on securities.

INTENSE COMPETITION


HCI operates in a highly competitive insurance market of the US, which may
adversely affect its market share and profits. The group competes with various
non-life insurers based on the factors such as premiums charged and other terms
and conditions offered, products and services provided, commission structure,
financial ratings assigned by independent rating agencies, speed of claims
payment, reputation, selling effort and perceived financial strength. Some of
the major competitors of the group include Federated National holding Company,
Universal Insurance Holdings Inc., Ameriprise Financial Inc., Pekin Insurance
Group and Infinity Proeprty and Casualty Insurance. Such intense competition is
likely to put the group's market position under stress and may keep revenues
under pressure.

NATURAL CALAMITIES


Natural calamities are likely to impact the overall insurance industry. The year
2015 had witnessed a series of natural calamities in the US including, floods in
North and South Caroline in October 2015, cyclone in California in September
2015, and floods in Taxes and Oklahoma in May 2015. The unusual spurt in the
number and the size of these calamities presents numerous challenges for the
insurance industry. Natural calamities such as these give rise to uncertainty in
the loss estimation process and adversely impact the operators in the insurance
market. Such events may also adversely impact the group's performance, in the
event of the group failing to implement efficient underwriting practices and
reliable risk assessment methods.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 24, 2007 Saturday

Hawkins: Fertilizer bill doesn't affect biosolids measure

BYLINE: Conor Reilly, The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 167 words


Feb. 24--A bill that was unanimously passed by both houses of the legislature
has some local people wondering whether it will undo legislation to help
counties restrict biosolids.

But Senate Bill 1061 only affects the packaging and labeling of fertilizers, and
does nothing to affect the spreading of biosolids, according to Sen. Charles
Hawkins, R-Chatham.

That bill prohibits localities from regulating "packaging, labeling, sale or
distribution" of fertilizers more strictly than the state or federal government
does.

Hawkins is chairman on the Senate committee that the legislation passed through.
He introduced biosolids legislation of his own that passed the General Assembly
this year.

Copyright (c) 2007, The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070224-LY-0224-Hawkins-Fertilizer-bill-doesn-t-affect
-biosolids-measure

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2007 The News & Advance


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 July 28, 2016

                      Canterbury Park Holding Corporation

                               1100 Canterbury Dr
                              Shakopee,  MN 55379
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Canterbury Park Holding Corporation (Canterbury Park) is a gaming company
conducting pari-mutuel wagering operations and hosting unbanked card games.
Improved financial performance and broad service offerings are the company's
main strengths, whereas dependence on a single segment remains major areas of
concern. In the future, intense competition, unforeseen circumstances and
stringent regulations in the gaming industry may affect its growth. However,
positive outlook of for the US travel and tourism (T&T) industry, business
expansions and positive outlook for gaming industry in the US are likely to
provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


IMPROVED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The company exhibited improved financial performance in FY2014. In FY2014, the
company recorded total revenue of US$48.4 million, an increase of 3.7% over
FY2013. The increase in revenue is attributed to growth in the revenues from the
company's Card Casino segment by 5.8% from US$25.5 million in FY2013 to US$27
million in FY2014. In FY2014, the company's operating income was US$4.1 million,
an increase of 136.4% over FY2013. It's net income increased from US$1 million
in FY2013 to US$2.4 million in FY2014. Strong growth in income levels showcases
the financial stability, which retains its strong position in the market place
and also help the company to pursue its growth plans aggressively.

BROAD SERVICE OFFERINGS


Canterbury Park has a broad range of service portfolio that mitigates the risks
associated with overdependence on single or selected service offerings for a
major share of revenues. The company provides a broad range of services to serve
a wide customer base. The card casino of the company offers both poker and table
games at up to 80 tables. It's portfolio of services includes conducting
pari-mutuel wagering operations, hosting unbanked card games, conducting live
horse racing, providing food and beverage services for simulcast and live
racing, the card casino and all other special events held at the racetrack. In
addition, it has over 100,000 sq.ft. of available space, which is used for
conducting various shows including trade shows, pool and poker tournaments,
craft shows, automobile and other utility vehicle shows. Therefore, a wide
portfolio of services helps the company avoid overdependence on any particular
services, minimizing its business risks. It also helps the company to serve a
diversified customer base and generate higher revenues.


WEAKNESSES:


DEPENDENCE ON A SINGLE SEGMENT


The company's dependence on the Card Casino operations may negatively impact its
overall performance, if the demand for this service decline. Canterbury Park is
highly dependent on its Card Casino operations, with the segment contributing
55.8% of its total revenue in the FY2014. Canterbury Park operational
performance may be affected if the demand for the casino services offered by the
company falls, which may affect the overall financial performance of the
company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR US T&T INDUSTRY


Canterbury Park is likely to benefit from the positive outlook for US Travel and
Tourism (T&T) industry. As per the World Travel & Tourism Council (WT&TC),
direct contribution of US T&T industry to the country's GDP is expected to
increase by 3% in 2015 and by 3.8% per annum during the forecast period
(2015-2025) to reach US$684.6 billion in 2025, in comparison with US$458 billion
in 2014. Moreover, the industry's total contribution to the US economy may
increase from US$1,402.6 billion in 2014 to US$2,028.3 billion in 2025. The
visitor exports are expected to increase by 0.1% in 2015 and 3.7% per annum
during the forecast period to reach US$279.4 billion in 2025, up from US$194.1
billion in 2014. A rise in investments to US$216.7 billion in 2025 is likely to
support activity in the sector. Canterbury Park operates conducts year-round
pari-mutuel wagering on simulcast horse races, card casino and other
entertainment events in Shakopee, Minnesota, the US. This is expected to present
the company with growth opportunities.

BUSINESS EXPANSIONS


Canterbury Park took various expansion initiatives to drive its business growth.
In September, 2014, the company opened the Expo Center, a 30,000 square foot
structure designed for year-round special events, trade shows and exhibits. The
facility offers 24,000 sq.ft. of open event space. It also includes 6,000 sq.ft.
space for the construction of offices, restrooms and storage facilities. The new
structure will allow stand alone events and promotions for special race days.
Such expansion initiative is expected to align the company's business operations
in line with the industry and generate higher returns.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR GAMING INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company is likely to benefit from positive outlook for gaming industry in
the US. The country is one of the global centers for gaming industry, offering
legalized casino gaming. According to American Gaming Association , in FY2014,
the gaming industry recorded revenue of nearly US$240 billion and supported 1.7
million jobs. The US gaming equipment manufacturers produce nearly US$6 billion
in total revenues. In June 2015, Global Gaming Expo 2015 (G2E), the world's
premier event for the casino gaming industry reported broadening scope to match
the changing gaming resort landscape and position its attendees for the future.
In 2015 , the shows will introduce the 'Integrated Resort Experience at G2E,'
presenting innovative non-gaming technology, products and services which the
customers will experience in a gaming-resort setting. The new initiative will
bring end to end solutions to casinos to attract more guests, encourage them to
stay and play longer, and increase revenue per visitor. Therefore, positive
outlook for gaming industry in the US is likely to offer significant growth
opportunities to the company which operates unbanked card games and casino in
Shakopee, Minnesota, the US.


THREATS:


STRINGENT REGULATIONS IN THE GAMING INDUSTRY


The company's operations are subject to legal and regulatory requirements. The
ownership and operation of the company's Racetrack and Card Casino come under
the purview of extensive regulation enforced by the MRC under the Racing Act and
the rules adopted by the MRC. The regulatory body is responsible for providing
protocols to conduct gaming operations in the state of Minnesota, the US. It
also examines, supervise and monitor the activities of the concessionaires,
especially on their compliance with the legal, statutory and contractual
obligations. In addition, the company is also subjected to various federal and
Minnesota laws. Any irregularities or failure in complying with these
regulations may result in fines, penalties, suspension, revocation, or
non-renewal of any of its licenses or permits from the respective authority. The
changes in the regulatory and other laws in may adversely affect the operations
due to increased costs of compliance and potential liability for non-compliance.


UNFORESEEN CIRCUMSTANCES


The operations of Canterbury Park may be adversely affected due to unfavorable
events in near future. The occurrence of swine flu, SARS, Ebola virus and bird
flu epidemic has resulted in a drop in the number of tourist arrivals in the
affected countries. Precautionary measures such as the suspension of flights
impacted the hospitality industry. Moreover, natural calamities such as polar
vortex in the US, earthquakes in Nepal, and other disastrous calamities, eroded
the revenues and income levels of the companies operating in the hospitality
industry. It may also lead to people reducing their traveling to few countries
due to the fear of natural disasters. In addition, the November 2015 attacks in
France and the rise of new terrorist groups such as Islamic State of Iraq and
Syria (ISIS) raised security concerns worldwide, leaving the hospitality
industry under constant threat of terrorism. Therefore, unforeseen circumstances
such as these may affect the performance of the hospitality service providers
such as Canterbury Park.Therefore, unforeseen circumstances such as these may
affect the performance of the leisure service providers such as Canterbury Park.


INTENSE COMPETITION


The gaming industry is highly competitive. Canterbury Park competes with various
other gaming and other entertainment and leisure companies. The company's
operations can adversely affect from the better services offered by any of its
competitors. For instance the company directly competes with North Metro Harness
Initiative, LLC ("NMHI"), which offers the same services including year around
wagering on simulcasting of all breeds of horse races. As the competitor
operations are very similar to the company's and its presence in the same
geography provides new alternatives for the customers, which in turn can affect
the company's revenue share. Canterbury Park also competes with Mystic Lake,
which has higher operational capacity and broader offerings than the company's.
Intense competition in the market could negatively affect the company's results
from operations and its financial position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 July 29, 2016

                      Canterbury Park Holding Corporation

                               1100 Canterbury Dr
                                 Shakopee 55379
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Canterbury Park Holding Corporation (Canterbury Park) is a gaming company
conducting pari-mutuel wagering operations and hosting unbanked card games.
Improved financial performance and broad service offerings are the company's
main strengths, whereas dependence on a single segment remains major areas of
concern. In the future, intense competition, unforeseen circumstances and
stringent regulations in the gaming industry may affect its growth. However,
positive outlook of for the US travel and tourism (T&T) industry, business
expansions and positive outlook for gaming industry in the US are likely to
provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
IMPROVED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
The company exhibited improved financial performance in FY2014. In FY2014, the
company recorded total revenue of US$48.4 million, an increase of 3.7% over
FY2013. The increase in revenue is attributed to growth in the revenues from the
company's Card Casino segment by 5.8% from US$25.5 million in FY2013 to US$27
million in FY2014. In FY2014, the company's operating income was US$4.1 million,
an increase of 136.4% over FY2013. It's net income increased from US$1 million
in FY2013 to US$2.4 million in FY2014. Strong growth in income levels showcases
the financial stability, which retains its strong position in the market place
and also help the company to pursue its growth plans aggressively.
BROAD SERVICE OFFERINGS
Canterbury Park has a broad range of service portfolio that mitigates the risks
associated with overdependence on single or selected service offerings for a
major share of revenues. The company provides a broad range of services to serve
a wide customer base. The card casino of the company offers both poker and table
games at up to 80 tables. It's portfolio of services includes conducting
pari-mutuel wagering operations, hosting unbanked card games, conducting live
horse racing, providing food and beverage services for simulcast and live
racing, the card casino and all other special events held at the racetrack. In
addition, it has over 100,000 sq.ft. of available space, which is used for
conducting various shows including trade shows, pool and poker tournaments,
craft shows, automobile and other utility vehicle shows. Therefore, a wide
portfolio of services helps the company avoid overdependence on any particular
services, minimizing its business risks. It also helps the company to serve a
diversified customer base and generate higher revenues.

WEAKNESSES:
DEPENDENCE ON A SINGLE SEGMENT
The company's dependence on the Card Casino operations may negatively impact its
overall performance, if the demand for this service decline. Canterbury Park is
highly dependent on its Card Casino operations, with the segment contributing
55.8% of its total revenue in the FY2014. Canterbury Park operational
performance may be affected if the demand for the casino services offered by the
company falls, which may affect the overall financial performance of the
company.

OPPORTUNITIES:
POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR US T&T INDUSTRY
Canterbury Park is likely to benefit from the positive outlook for US Travel and
Tourism (T&T) industry. As per the World Travel & Tourism Council (WT&TC),
direct contribution of US T&T industry to the country's GDP is expected to
increase by 3% in 2015 and by 3.8% per annum during the forecast period
(2015-2025) to reach US$684.6 billion in 2025, in comparison with US$458 billion
in 2014. Moreover, the industry's total contribution to the US economy may
increase from US$1,402.6 billion in 2014 to US$2,028.3 billion in 2025. The
visitor exports are expected to increase by 0.1% in 2015 and 3.7% per annum
during the forecast period to reach US$279.4 billion in 2025, up from US$194.1
billion in 2014. A rise in investments to US$216.7 billion in 2025 is likely to
support activity in the sector. Canterbury Park operates conducts year-round
pari-mutuel wagering on simulcast horse races, card casino and other
entertainment events in Shakopee, Minnesota, the US. This is expected to present
the company with growth opportunities.
BUSINESS EXPANSIONS
Canterbury Park took various expansion initiatives to drive its business growth.
In September, 2014, the company opened the Expo Center, a 30,000 square foot
structure designed for year-round special events, trade shows and exhibits. The
facility offers 24,000 sq.ft. of open event space. It also includes 6,000 sq.ft.
space for the construction of offices, restrooms and storage facilities. The new
structure will allow stand alone events and promotions for special race days.
Such expansion initiative is expected to align the company's business operations
in line with the industry and generate higher returns.
POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR GAMING INDUSTRY IN THE US
The company is likely to benefit from positive outlook for gaming industry in
the US. The country is one of the global centers for gaming industry, offering
legalized casino gaming. According to American Gaming Association , in FY2014,
the gaming industry recorded revenue of nearly US$240 billion and supported 1.7
million jobs. The US gaming equipment manufacturers produce nearly US$6 billion
in total revenues. In June 2015, Global Gaming Expo 2015 (G2E), the world's
premier event for the casino gaming industry reported broadening scope to match
the changing gaming resort landscape and position its attendees for the future.
In 2015 , the shows will introduce the 'Integrated Resort Experience at G2E,'
presenting innovative non-gaming technology, products and services which the
customers will experience in a gaming-resort setting. The new initiative will
bring end to end solutions to casinos to attract more guests, encourage them to
stay and play longer, and increase revenue per visitor. Therefore, positive
outlook for gaming industry in the US is likely to offer significant growth
opportunities to the company which operates unbanked card games and casino in
Shakopee, Minnesota, the US.

THREATS:
STRINGENT REGULATIONS IN THE GAMING INDUSTRY
The company's operations are subject to legal and regulatory requirements. The
ownership and operation of the company's Racetrack and Card Casino come under
the purview of extensive regulation enforced by the MRC under the Racing Act and
the rules adopted by the MRC. The regulatory body is responsible for providing
protocols to conduct gaming operations in the state of Minnesota, the US. It
also examines, supervise and monitor the activities of the concessionaires,
especially on their compliance with the legal, statutory and contractual
obligations. In addition, the company is also subjected to various federal and
Minnesota laws. Any irregularities or failure in complying with these
regulations may result in fines, penalties, suspension, revocation, or
non-renewal of any of its licenses or permits from the respective authority. The
changes in the regulatory and other laws in may adversely affect the operations
due to increased costs of compliance and potential liability for non-compliance.

UNFORESEEN CIRCUMSTANCES
The operations of Canterbury Park may be adversely affected due to unfavorable
events in near future. The occurrence of swine flu, SARS, Ebola virus and bird
flu epidemic has resulted in a drop in the number of tourist arrivals in the
affected countries. Precautionary measures such as the suspension of flights
impacted the hospitality industry. Moreover, natural calamities such as polar
vortex in the US, earthquakes in Nepal, and other disastrous calamities, eroded
the revenues and income levels of the companies operating in the hospitality
industry. It may also lead to people reducing their traveling to few countries
due to the fear of natural disasters. In addition, the November 2015 attacks in
France and the rise of new terrorist groups such as Islamic State of Iraq and
Syria (ISIS) raised security concerns worldwide, leaving the hospitality
industry under constant threat of terrorism. Therefore, unforeseen circumstances
such as these may affect the performance of the hospitality service providers
such as Canterbury Park.Therefore, unforeseen circumstances such as these may
affect the performance of the leisure service providers such as Canterbury Park.

INTENSE COMPETITION
The gaming industry is highly competitive. Canterbury Park competes with various
other gaming and other entertainment and leisure companies. The company's
operations can adversely affect from the better services offered by any of its
competitors. For instance the company directly competes with North Metro Harness
Initiative, LLC ("NMHI"), which offers the same services including year around
wagering on simulcasting of all breeds of horse races. As the competitor
operations are very similar to the company's and its presence in the same
geography provides new alternatives for the customers, which in turn can affect
the company's revenue share. Canterbury Park also competes with Mystic Lake,
which has higher operational capacity and broader offerings than the company's.
Intense competition in the market could negatively affect the company's results
from operations and its financial position.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
ANALYSIS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
COMPETITORS
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES
KEY EMPLOYEE BIOGRAPHIES
LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

Deadly pig virus confirmed at Utah hog farm

BYLINE: By Kathy Stephenson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 365 words


The highly contagious livestock disease called Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea virus,
or PEDv, has been detected at the Circle Four Farms in Beaver County.

"The farm in question is Utah's largest hog farm and one of the largest in the
country," according to a news release issued Wednesday from the Utah Department
of Agriculture and Food, which did not specifically name Circle Four.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Veterinary Service Laboratory
confirmed the presence of the virus that causes significant sickness in young
swine, affecting their growth and health, and causes high mortality in piglets.

Circle Four Farms raises and markets 1.2 million hogs annually at its farm in
Beaver County. Its parent company is the Virginia-based Smithfield Farms.

"We want to make sure that consumers know that the virus does not affect humans
and it doesn't affect other livestock," said Patty Goff, Circle Four's
communications manager. It also doesn't affect food safety, she said. "Pork is
completely safe to eat."

The USDA has agreed to work with state veterinarians to fund testing "to assure
that stringent animal biosecurity practices are in place," the news release
said.

PEDV is not a new virus; it's been found in countries worldwide. It is common in
parts of Asia and Europe, and was first reported in the U.S. 16 months ago.

Since then, more than 5,500 cases have been reported in as many as 30 states,
including Idaho, Wyoming, Colorado and Arizona.

Acting State Veterinarian Warren Hess is advising Utah hog and pig producers to
remain vigilant regarding their animal biosecurity practices. "Increased animal
health security measures can not only help defend against PEDv, but can also
prevent the spread of many other livestock diseases," he said.

In May, the UDAF issued an emergency order intended to protect the state's $200
million swine industry by placing restrictions on livestock shows involving hogs
and pigs. The order required any fair or show to be a "terminal" show, which
means that after the show swine would go directly to slaughter and reduce the
threat of spreading any disease.

The order also pertains to the upcoming State Fair running Sept. 4-14 in Salt
Lake City.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 July 28, 2016

                              Summer Infant, Inc.

                              1275 Park East Drive
                             WOONSOCKET,  RI 02895
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Summer Infant, Inc. (Summer Infant) is a designer, marketer, and distributor of
branded juvenile health, safety and wellness products. Wide product portfolio,
strong liquidity position and focus on product design and development are the
company's main strength, whereas reliance on limited customers and geographic
concentration remain major areas of concern. In the future, rising counterfeit
goods market, high dependency on third party manufacturers and stringent
regulation may affect its business operations. However, increase in consumer
spending in the US, product launches and growing e-retailing industry may
provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


WIDE PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


Strong product portfolio helps the company cater the diverse needs and
preferences of customers and increases its sales. Summer Infant is a designer,
marketer, and distributor of branded juvenile health, safety and wellness
products. The company's major product categories are nursery audio and video
monitors, durable bath products, safety gates, bed rails, infant thermometers,
related health and safety products, cribs, booster and potty seats, baby gear,
bouncers and swaddling blankets. It markets products principally to retailers in
North American and the UK. In North America, the company's products are sold
primarily to retailers including Babies R Us, Target, Wal-Mart, KMart, Buy Buy
Baby and Amazon.com. Such a wide product portfolio helps to achieve balanced
revenue platform.

STRONG FOCUS ON PRODUCT DESIGN AND DEVELOPMENT


The company has strong focus on design and development of its products. Through
its product design and development division, it designs and provides visually
appealing, and caring solutions to its consumer. Summer Infant collaborates with
third parties to develop products, license technologies and acquire new products
from third parties. It also evaluates its products based on consumer reactions
and determines whether the product should be upgraded, modified, or
discontinued. Focus on design and development activities further strengthens the
company's competitiveness in the marketplace.

STRONG LIQUIDITY POSITION


Summer Infant's current ratio was 2.7 at the end of FY2014, as compared to 2.3
at the end of FY2013. The increase in current ratio was primarily due to
increase in the current assets of the company by 13.1% from US$77.2 million at
the end of FY2013 to US$87.3 million at the end of FY2014. The current ratio of
Summer Infant's was higher than that of its competitor, Dorel Industries Inc.,
which recorded current ratio of 1.9 during the same year. Strong liquidity
against its peer group provides Summer Infant an advantage while funding any
potential opportunity arising in the market.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Geographic concentration may affect its overall financial performance, if the
region experiences any political and economical downturns. Although, the company
has operations in the US, Canada, the UK, Australia and Europe, major chunk of
the revenue is generated from the company's North American operations. In
FY2014, the North American operations contributed over 91% of net sales of the
company, of which 83% was generated from the US. This over-dependence on a
single region for major portion of revenues may limit its revenue growth and
restrain it from achieving recognition internationally.

RELIANCE ON LIMITED CUSTOMERS


The company's dependence on limited customer base for major portion of its
revenues may affect its result of operations, if any of its key customers reduce
or cancel their order for its products. The company's top seven customers
together comprised more than 74% of the sales in FY2014 and 78% of the sales in
FY2013. These customers include Babies R Us/Toys R Us, Wal-Mart, Target,
Amazon.com, Burlington Coat Factory, Buy Buy Baby, and K-Mart. In FY2014, four
of these customers generated more than 10% of sales: Babies Toys R Us with 27%,
Walmart with 14% and Target with 11%. The company's dependence on select
customers such as Babies R Us/Toys R Us may affect its business and result of
operations, if it is unable to find alternative customers for its products and
services. Also, this overdependence on selected customers increases the
bargaining power of its customers, which in turn may affect its business
operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING E-RETAILING INDUSTRY


The company stands to benefit from growing trend of online retailing, which
provides consumers the convenience of shopping from home. It markets its
products online through online retail stores such as amazon.com. With the
increase in interactive methods and limitless content, the retail e-commerce is
growing at a faster rate. According to the Census Bureau of the Department of
Commerce, during the third quarter of 2015 (adjusted for seasonal variation),
estimated e-commerce sales in the US was US$87.5 billion, an increase of 4.2% as
compared to the second quarter of 2015. For the same period, the total retail
sales were estimated US$1,185 billion, an increase of 1.2% as compared to second
quarter of 2015. E-commerce sales in the third quarter of 2015 accounted for
7.4% of total sales. During the third quarter of 2015, the estimated e-commerce
and total retail sales increased by 15.2% and 1.6%, respectively, from the third
quarter of 2014. Therefore, by providing assurance to customers regarding credit
card payment security and timely delivery at minimal cost, more product
information and availability, user friendly features and other technological
enhancements, the company may further enhance its online shops and benefit from
this trend.

INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by the US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
October 2015, both the personal income (PI) in the US, and disposable personal
income (DPI) increased by 0.4% each from September 2015. The real DPI increased
by 0.4% in October 2015 compared with September 2015. PI and DPI have been
consistently increasing every month in the US. Growing personal income,
disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures indicate
improved consumer spending in the US, which may positively affect the purchases
of products of companies such as Summer Infant.

PRODUCT LAUNCHES


New product launches may enable the company to meet the changing consumers'
requirements. In 2014, the company increased availability of its Link WiFi
Series of Internet viewable monitors. In 2015, Summer Infant announced to launch
its WiFi 3.0 hi-definition monitor. In addition, the company also introduced Pop
'n Play Portable Playard, and expanded its popular new line of 3D lite
convenience strollers. The company also plans to launch Bottle Genius, a one
stop-station to prepare a feeding bottle in seconds. These new product launches
may help improve its financial performance.


THREATS:


RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS MARKET


The company's business may be affected as a result of the huge influx of
counterfeit products. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise may lower the
company's sales and adversely affects its profit margins. As customers
mistakenly purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, the low quality of
the products affects consumer confidence and also, damages the brand image of
the genuine company. The US Chamber of Commerce estimates a cost of US$500-600
billion a year on the global economy due to counterfeiting and piracy
activities. It accounts for about 5-7% of the world trade. In US alone, these
activities result in a yearly sales loss of about US$200-250 billion, a figure
that is steadily increasing. Through low price offerings, the imitated goods are
affecting the sales of the branded products.

STRINGENT REGULATION


The company has to abide by stringent regulations and specifications pertaining
to its products and operations in the market. Since the company sells infant and
juvenile health, safety and wellness products to consumers in the US, the
company's products are subject to the various laws and regulations including
Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), the American Society of Test Methods
(ASTM), the Juvenile Products Manufacturing Association (JPMA), the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
The CPSC has and continues to adopt new regulations for safety and products
testing that apply to its products. These new regulations may increase the
regulatory requirements governing the manufacture and sale of children's
products and increase the potential penalties for noncompliance with applicable
regulations. The CPSC also has the authority to exclude from the market and
recall certain consumer products that are found to be potentially hazardous. In
Addition, there are Consumer product safety laws in Canada and Europe, as well
as certain other countries. The company has to incur significant cost to conform
to the regulations and any non conformance may result in fines and other
penalties which may be derogatory to the company's image.

HIGH DEPENDENCY ON THIRD PARTY MANUFACTURERS


The company's products are primarily manufactured in China and Israel. Summer
Infant also manufactures several products in the US including bath tubs, potty
seats and booster seats. These products manufactured in the US accounted
approximately 14% of its sales in FY2014. High dependency on third party
manufacturers constrains the company to many issues that are out of its control.
If the company is prevented from obtaining products from a substantial number of
its current third party suppliers due to political, labor or other factors
beyond its control, its operations and ability to obtain products would be
severely disrupted.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               September 22, 2016

                   Olympic Mountain and Marine Products, Inc.

                            8655 South 208th Street
                                   Kent 98031
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Olympic Mountain And Marine Products, Inc. (Essenza) is a manufacturer and
distributor of skin care and toiletries products. Broad product portfolio and
strong customer base are the company's main strengths, whereas geographic
concentration of revenues remains major area of concern. In the future, rising
counterfeit goods market, stringent regulations and rising labor costs in the US
may affect its growth. However, growing health and beauty market in the US,
growth of web-based stores and increase in consumer spending in the US are
likely to provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG CUSTOMER BASE
The company serves leading companies, which helps it to reduce the impact of
market volatility. Some of the company's significant customers include the
leading retailers, such as Costco, Safeway, Bed Bath & Beyond, HEB and Duane
Reade, Target, Walgreens, and Drugstore.com, among others. Strong customer
portfolio ensures steady top-line performance for the company.
BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Broad product portfolio helps the company to serve a wide range of customers.
Essenza primarily offers hand soaps, candles, wax warmers and outdoor candles.
It offers hand soaps in the variants of fresh lavender, rosemary mint, pear
glace, pomegranate acai, south pacific waters and mango agave. The company
offers wax warmer cubes, wax warmer chips, reed diffuser, perfumes and pillow
spray under aromatherapy product. Essenza offers various types of candles in the
variants of wasabi pear candle, neroli pomegranate candle, vanilla brulee
candle, chai spice candle, pear glace candle, simmering vanilla candle, wild
fern candle, vanilla bean candle and fig tea candle. It also offers grapefruit
pomegranate candle, peony blossom candle, spiced pear candle, candles in printed
box, candles in a set, candle in travel tin, flameless candles and outdoor
citronella candle. The company offers hand lotion, hand soap, body butter, body
lotion, body mist, hand therapy, perfume spray and body powder. Broad product
portfolio enables the company to cater wide requirements of its customers, in
turn driving its top-line performance.

WEAKNESSES:
GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION OF REVENUES
The company's dependence on select region for major portion of revenue may
affect its business operations, if the region experiences any adverse political
and economical change. Though the company exports its products to various
geographic regions, the majority of its revenues still come from the US market.
Such a high dependence on a specific operating region makes the company
vulnerable to risks associated with that region.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWING HEALTH AND BEAUTY MARKET IN THE US
The company may benefit from the growing health and beauty market in the US.
According to an in-house research, the US health and beauty market was valued at
US$58,939.6 in 2013 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.1% during 2013-2018
to reach US$68,544.5 million in 2018. During the same period the hair care
market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 1.1 % followed by makeup (2.4%) and skin
care (2.8%). Essenza offers a range of fragrance and personal care products and
has strong presence in the US. Therefore, growing health and beauty market may
increase the demand of the company's products.
GROWTH OF WEB-BASED STORES
The company stands to benefit from growing e-commerce industry in the US.
According to the report published by the Census Bureau of the Department of
Commerce in May 2015, the estimated retail e-commerce sales in the US for the
first quarter of 2015 was US$80.3 billion, an increase of 3.5% from the fourth
quarter of 2014. The estimated retail e-commerce sales in the US for the first
quarter of 2015 were increased by 14.5% from the first quarter of 2014.
E-commerce sales in the first quarter of 2015 accounted for 7% of total sales.
The company's products are sold online through e-commerce portal
www.drugstore.com. By providing assurance to customers about credit card payment
security and timely delivery at minimal cost, more product information and
availability, user friendly features and other technological enhancements, the
company may further enhance its online sales and benefit from increased
revenues.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company may benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by The US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
April 2015, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 0.4% or US$59.4
billion and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.4% or US$48.8
billion. The real DPI increased by 0.3% in April 2015, as compared to a decrease
of 0.2% in March 2015. The company offers a wide portfolio of fragrance and
personal care products under Essenza brand, which enjoy wide reach through its
marketing activities in the US. Growing personal income, disposable personal
income and personal consumption expenditures indicates improved consumer
spending in the US, which may positively affect the purchases of products and
performance of companies such as Olympic Mountain Products.

THREATS:
RISING LABOR COSTS IN THE US
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employee's results an increase in labor costs. The federal minimum
wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The
minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$7.3 per hour in January 2015. Also,
29 states and the District of Columbia have minimum wages more than federal
rate. These wages range from US$7.5 per hour in Arkansas, Maine, and New Mexico
to $9.5 per hour in Washington. As the company primarily operates in the US,
such rise in minimum wages may increase its operating costs, which in turn
affect its profit margins.
RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS MARKET
Essenza's business may be affected as a result of huge influx of counterfeit
products. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise may lower the company's sales
and adversely affect its profit margins. As customers mistakenly purchase
counterfeit products bearing fake labels, the low quality of the products
affects consumer confidence and also, damages the brand image of the company.
Counterfeit products exist in various areas, such as food, clothes, drinks,
shoes, electronics, pharmaceuticals, auto parts, currency, toys, alcohol,
toiletries, cigarettes, and building materials, among others. According to the
estimates of International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the global economic and
social impacts of counterfeiting and piracy is expected to reach US$1,770
billion by 2015, which is equivalent to 2% of the world's total current economic
output. International trade accounts for half of the counterfeiting and piracy
and is expected to reach US$960 billion by 2015. Through low price offerings,
the imitated goods affect the sales of the branded products.
STRINGENT REGULATIONS
The company has to abide by stringent regulations and specifications pertaining
to its products in its domestic and export markets. For instance, in the US, the
food, drug and cosmetics industry is regulated by Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act. The FDA oversees compliance with the regulations outlined in the
act. The FDA may conduct investigations and examinations of products. It may
also inspect establishments in which products are manufactured or held, and may
seize adulterated or misbranded products. The FDA regulates products worth US$
1trillion per year and ensures the safety of all drugs, biological products,
medical devices, animal drugs, feed and all food except for poultry, meat and
some egg products. In Europe, the company's products need authorization by the
European Food Safety Authority (EFSA). The company has to incur significant cost
to conform to the regulations and any non conformance may result in fines and
other penalties which may negatively impact the company's image.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 14, 2011 Saturday

Afghan analysts say US-Pakistan ties strain effects on war on terror

LENGTH: 521 words


Excerpt from report by Afghan privately-owned Shamshad TV on 13 May

[Presenter] The fact is that relations between the USA and Pakistan are strained
and this will badly affect Afghanistan. Analysts say that Pakistan could play an
important role in the fight against terrorism and if its relations with the USA
are strained, the ongoing war on terror will be affected. This comes at a time
when Pakistani officials said that there was no cooperation between ISI and CIA
like before.

Parvez Safi has more details.

[Correspondent] The Pakistani prime minister recently told Western media that
there is an atmosphere of distrust between the US and Pakistani intelligence
services. Analysts say that unfriendly ties between the USA and Pakistan would
badly affect the current situation in Afghanistan. An analyst, MP Gol Pacha
Majidi said that the USA had a military and political presence in Afghanistan
and if its relations with Pakistan continued to be strained, its outcome would
badly affect Afghanistan.

[Gol Pacha Majidi, captioned, MP, talking to camera] Strained relations between
the USA and Pakistan will badly affect Afghanistan, indeed. Since the USA has a
military, political and economic presence in Afghanistan and since we want to
have friendly ties with the USA and Pakistan, we would like Pakistan to answer
questions from the international community, particularly from the USA and Afghan
nation. We want them to answer questions positively and take an honest part in
the fight against terrorism.

[Correspondent] Political analyst Mohbatollah Sherzad has the same opinion and
says that the Afghan nation and analysts have repeatedly told the international
community that terrorists were not in Afghanistan and they were in Pakistan and
they should be fought, but the international community did not pay heed to this
issue.

He added that the killing of Usamah Bin-Ladin proved the fact for the
international community that leaders of the Al-Qa'idah and Taleban were hiding
in Pakistan. He emphasized that Pakistan needed to take an honest part in the
fight against terrorism to end the present atmosphere of distrust.

[Mohabatollah Sherzad, captioned, political analyst, talking to camera] Pakistan
has two options. It can either turn its back on the international community or
stop collaborating with terrorist networks and hand these groups over the USA.
This may end this atmosphere of distrust and gain US trust to some extent.

[Correspondent] The Pakistani prime minister recently told the Western media
that the killing of Usamah Bin-Ladin in Pakistan had ended cooperation between
the US and Pakistani spy agencies.

[Passage omitted, remarks by the Pakistani prime minister]

[Correspondent] However, for the first time, the Pakistani prime minister voiced
support for US drone attacks on the tribal areas of Pakistan, but called on the
USA to coordinate its drone attacks with the Pakistani government.

[Video shows an Afghan MP and analyst talking to camera, archive footage of
Usamah, Taleban militants, Pakistani prime minister and tribal areas of
Pakistan]

Source: Shamshad TV, Kabul, in Pashto 1430 gmt 13 May 11

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             May 25, 1995, Thursday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 907 words


COURT RULING

WON'T AFFECT TRUCKING

After having read "Gun Control Case Could Affect Transportation Issues" (May 8),
I found myself agreeing with the unnamed congressional aide who said the Supreme
Court's recent decision in United States v. Lopez is unlikely to affect federal
legislation that regulates intrastate trucking. The Lopez decision merely said
that possession of a firearm on or near school grounds is an intrastate activity
that does not substantially affect interstate commerce and, more important, that
carrying a gun near a school is an inherently non- commercial activity.

The latter point is important. In a sense, the court in Lopez merely carved out
an exception from Congress' powers in the area of non-commercial intrastate
activities, perhaps an exception limited to federal criminal legislation.
Intrastate trucking is undeniably a commercial activity and, moreover, is one
that Congress could quite reasonably believe "substantially affects interstate
commerce." Thus, the Lopez "exception" to Congress' power would not encompass
intrastate trucking regulations, and the court would likely hold such laws
constitutional unless applying a standard different from that in Lopez.

There is good reason for the Supreme Court to be concerned with the expansion of
the federal government's power into the area of intrastate criminal law. For one
thing, the Constitution's Article I, Section 8 list of Congress' powers
explicitly names only a few activities relevant to which Congress may "define
and punish" crimes. These are "Piracies and Felonies commited on the high Seas,
and Offenses against the Law of Nations."

More significantly, an expansive reading of another grant of power in that same
section of the Constitution, the Commerce Clause, had, until Lopez, allowed
Congress to exercise legislative power in a seemi ngly unbounded range of
subject areas, which had recently contributed to a sharp increase in the number
of federal criminal statutes on the books. As Justice William Rehnquist wrote in
his 1993 law review article, "Hardly a congressional session goes by without an
attempt to add new sections."

By drawing the line in the sand with the Lopez decision, the Supreme Court has
(I hope) halted the expansion of the federal criminal jurisdiction over
non-commercial intrastate activities. In no way has the court said that it will
strike down regulation of intrastate commercial activities with a substantial
effect on interstate commerce - activities such as trucking and other
transportation of goods.

James M. Maloney

New York City

HOW CONRAIL

CAN IMPROVE EARNINGS

I would like to briefly address Conrail's chances of improving its earning power
over the long term, a subject discussed in your April 21 article, ''Conrail
Backs Off '95 Forecast As Economy Softens, Traffic Shifts," Page 3B).

In an interview with CNBC on April 20, the new CEO of Conrail, David Le Van,
emphasized that "as good as our results have been - and they have been very good
- we're a company that has never made its cost of capital . . . We've got
underper- forming assets out there . . . Getting more productivity out of all of
our assets is under super-focus."

One obvious tactic for achieving more productivity is to sell off the line
segments where business is light. According to Mr. Le Van, a few candidates
already have been identified. If sales to short-line and regional railroads are
successfully accomplished, Conrail's freight traffic density - as a measure of
system productivity - should be improved, all other factors being equal.

But by making these sales Conrail should not sever its relations with shippers
and receivers located on these smaller carriers. The term ''abandonment" is not
appropriate. They remain entitled to good service beyond the interchange point
with Conrail and help in dealing with such marketing problems as may involve the
"through" joint-line transportation. In fact, by these sales a single-line
through service is converted into a through service that (except for local
business on the segment) includes an interchange between two separate carriers,
with all of its potential for delay and mishandling.

I would also hope that in addition to studying where rates could be increased to
help cover its cost of capital, Conrail will give equal attention to instances
where rates should be reduced to serve the same purpose.

Adjusting rates to the shipping public in order to maximize earnings in a highly
competitive environment is not an easy task. For certain shipments, rail rates
on a full-cost basis are no more than paper rates and are never used. Instead,
the shipments will go by highway or waterway. On the other hand, if properly
negotiated, reduced rail rates may divert the shipments and increase rail volume
enough so that the margin over long term variable costs would cover full costs
as well.

In my judgment, Conrail will manage its future operation so that the volume of
freight business will continue to increase, with a corresponding increase in
earnings. In a few instances shippers may understand the rationale for
increasing rates, but most of the future earnings increases will be attributable
to lower charges for really good - even imaginative - service that shippers
applaud.

Jervis Langdon Jr.

Elmira, N.Y.

(Editor's note: Mr. Langdon is a former trustee and president of Penn Central
Transportation Co.)

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 27, 2003, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Tuesday's trades

BYLINE: Rod Beaton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 223 words

San Diego receives . . .

* OF Brian Giles

Pittsburgh receives . . .

* OF Jason Bay

(at Class AAA Portland, Ore.)

 * LHP Oliver Perez

* Player to be named

Kansas City receives . . .

* OF Rondell White

San Diego receives . . .

* LHP Chris Tierney

(at Class A Wilmington, Del.)

 * RHP Brian Sanches

(at Class AA Wichita)

 * How it affects the Padres: Giles, 32, gives San Diego the star it wanted for
next season's Petco Park opening. Losing Perez hurts the young rotation, but the
Padres did get two young arms in 6-foot-6 Tierney, 19, and Sanches, 25, though
neither is big-league ready.

 * How it affects the Royals: Ever since Michael Tucker broke his leg this
month, Kansas City has been looking for a big bat. The 31-year-old White, making
$ 5 million, should help against left-handed pitching. "Over our last 10 or 11
games, we've been pounded by left-handed pitchers late in the game," general
manager Allard Baird said. "This certainly gives us another option."

 * How it affects the Pirates: Another fan favorite bites the dust in
Pittsburgh. There is no replacing Giles, but Bay, 24, is a power prospect with
some speed. Perez, 22, has been erratic, but when he's good, he can be
unhittable (13 strikeouts vs. the Philadelphia Phillies on Aug. 3). He will move
into the Pirates rotation.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 9, 2017

                         First Mutual Holdings Limited

                               First Mutual Park
                                     Harare
                                    Zimbabwe

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


FMHL is an investment holding company. Financial performance, cash position and
product and service portfolio are the key strengths of the company, even as its
geographic concentration remains an area of concern. In future, competition,
economy in Zimbabwe and regulations may affect its business performance.
However, insurance market outlook in Zimbabwe, low insurance penetration and
reinsurance industry outlook may offer ample growth opportunities for the
company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


FMHL exhibited a strong financial performance during FY2015, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The company reported revenues of US$112.5 million
in FY2015, compared to US$111.3 million in FY2014, with an annual growth of 1.1%
over FY2014. The growth in revenues was primarily due to increase in gross and
net earned premiums compared with the previous year. The company reported
increase of 0.7% and 0.7% in gross and net earned premiums over previous year.
In addition, the company reported increase in operating income from operating
loss of US$3.5 million in FY2014 to US$1 million in FY2015. Furthermore, the
company reported increase in net income from net loss of US$6.6 million in
FY2014 to US$0.3 million in FY2015. Such a strong growth in revenue and incomes
depicts the financial stability, and its strong position in the market place.
This improved performance will also help the company to pursue its growth plans
aggressively.

PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad portfolio of products and services is a major strength. The
company provides financial and property development services through its
subsidiaries. Its portfolio of products and services includes life insurance,
non-life insurance, short-term insurance and reinsurance. It offers services
such as property development services, which include property ownership,
management and development; actuarial consultancy services; and asset management
services. Such broad product and service portfolio drives the company's top-line
performance.

CASH POSITION


FMHL maintains strong cash position to meet its day-to-day obligations. Its cash
and cash equivalents increased from US$22.9 million at the end of FY2014 to US$
28.1 million at the end of FY2015, representing an increase of 22.9% over 2014.
Increase in cash and cash equivalents may be due to increased value of its
short-term asset holdings such as short-term government bonds, marketable
securities, and strong cash inflow.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


The company's dependence on select region for its revenues may affect its
business operations, if the region experiences any political and economical
change. The company conducts its operations in the Philippines. Limited
geographic presence increases the business risks of the company as it forgoes
the benefits from wider geographic presence such as a wider market reach, scope
for economies of scale and better brand recognition on a worldwide basis.


OPPORTUNITIES:


OUTLOOK REINSURANCE SEGMENT


The company may benefit from the growing trend witnessed in the reinsurance
segment in the Zimbabwe. According to in-house research, premium ceded
(excluding retrocession) segment is expected to reach US$181 million in 2019.
Furthermore, for life, premium ceded (excluding retrocession) is expected to
reach US$6.1 million in 2019. The growth in reinsurance is due to low
penetration in Zimbabwe, increasing population and increasing disposable income.
FMHL, a provider of reinsurance products in the Zimbabwe, is likely to benefit
from this positive outlook.

INSURANCE INDUSTRY IN ZIMBABWE


The company will stand to be benefited from the growing life insurance segment
in Zimbabwe. According to I house report the insurance in Zimbabwe is expected
to reach US$947.2 million in 2019. The life segment is expected to reach US$
556.9 million in 2019. The growth in insurance industry is primarily due low
penetration rate, increase in population, and increased construction activities
in the country. Such growing Zimbabwean insurance industry may offer significant
growth opportunities to FMHL, which provides life insurance products in
Zimbabwe.

PENETRATION RATE


Low insurance penetration level in Zimbabwe presents a significant opportunity
for the company. The penetration level of general insurance in Zimbabwe is at
the lowest as compared to other countries across Africa. Other African countries
such as Namibia (7.5%) and South Africa (14.5%) have high penetration rate
compared to Zimbabwe (4%). The low penetration rate indicates scope for growth
for insurers. With a wide range of products designed to meet most of the
customer requirements, FMHL is well positioned to benefit from this growth.


THREATS:


REGULATIONS


The company is subject to the impact of changes in regulations, which may affect
its overall performance. It is required to comply with guidelines set by
regulatory bodies. The company is subject to solvency regulations and is
required to maintain the minimum amount and type of capital, which must be held
in addition to the insurance liabilities. The Insurance and Pensions Commission
(IPEC) revised the minimum capital requirements for insurers in Zimbabwe. The
minimum capital requirement for life insurers was raised from US$2.0 million to
US$5.0 million, whereas for non-life insurers it was raised from US$1.5 million
to US$2.5 million. This will act as hindrance for new companies to enter into
the market. These regulations are subject to frequent changes, which may result
in increased costs and reduced margins for the company. Non-compliance to any of
these regulations may affect the company's business performance.

ZIMBABWE ECONOMY


The decline in Zimbabwe economy is likely to negatively affect the overall
demand for various goods and services in the country, which in turn may have
adverse ripple effect on the company's operations. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of Zimbabwe stood at 1.1%
in 2015 and it is expected to decline to negative 0.3% and 2.5% in 2016 and
2017, respectively. Decline in the economy was primarily due to political
instability, decline in domestic demand, and reduction in government spending.
Such economic decline will create unfavorable market conditions in the country
including insurance sector. This will affect the operations of FMHL, which
offers life and employee benefit solutions in Zimbabwe.

COMPETITION


The financial services market is highly competitive. FMHL competes with numerous
domestic and international financial service institutions across its area of
operations. The company competes with other insurers on the basis of
reliability, financial strength and stability, underwriting consistency,
service, business ethics, price, performance, capacity, policy terms and
coverage conditions. Some of the company's key competitors include Grand
Reinsurance (Private) Limited, Alliance Insurance Company (Pvt) Ltd, RM
Insurance Company Limited, Old Mutual Life Assurance Company Zimbabwe Ltd, and
Nicoz Diamond Insurance Limited. Intense competition in the market could
negatively affect the company's results from operations and its financial
position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Dorset Echo

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

DORSET COUNTY COUNCIL BEAMINSTER

SECTION: PUBLIC NOTICES

LENGTH: 762 words


Town and Country Planning Act 1990 Planning (Listed Building and Conservation
Areas) Act 1990
Notice is hereby given that the following applications have been received: WEST
DORSET DISTRICT COUNCIL APPLICATIONS BEAMINSTER. WD/D/15/000562. Erect 22 new
dwellings and 18 flats with associated access and parking. Land To North Of,
Flaxfield Rise BISHOPS CAUNDLE. WD/D/15/000049 Conservation Area. Extend
existing porch.Old School House, Caundle Street
BRIDPORT. WD/D/15/000674 Listed Building. Insertion of door within existing shop
window, erection of ground floor partition wall to form access to upper floors
and replacement of drop down loft ladder with staircase to attic area.42
South Street.


BROADMAYNE. WD/D/15/000640 Affects a Public Right of Way. Outline application
for change of use of land to residential & erection of a dwelling. Land Adjacent
To South Drove Farm, South Drove
DORCHESTER.WD/D/15/000426 The proposed development affects the
setting of a Listed Building. Conservation Area. Replace Hall windows on north &
west elevations. Church Hall, St Georges Church, High Street Fordington
WD/D/15/000620 Conservation Area. Single storey link building incorporating
office, kitchen, & laundry and associated alterations to elderly persons care
home.8 & 10 Weymouth Avenue
OSMINGTON.WD/D/15/000642 Affects a Public Right of Way. Construct an in ground
separated animal slurry lagoon with security fence and loading apron. Poxwell
Lower Dairy, Access To Lower Dairy Farm, Poxwell PUDDLETOWN. WD/D/15/000683
Affects the setting of a Conservation Area. Erect 2 no. detached dwellings. Land
Adjacent To 1 Butt Close
SYDLING ST NICHOLAS. WD/D/15/000578. Construction of straw barn and
installation of 80 solar panels to an existing barn. Dollens Farm, High Street
SYMONDSBURY. WD/D/15/000521 Affects a Public Right of Way. Outline
application for: Development of 33 dwellings, open space and landscaping. Land
Adjoining Watton Park,
TOLPUDDLE. WD/D/15/000588 The proposed development affects the
setting of a Listed Building. Conservation Area. Ground mounted solar
photovoltaic array (retrospective)The Old Mill, The Green WD/D/15/000690
Conservation Area. Erection of an agricultural style pole barn to host museum
activities. Tolpuddle Martyrs Museum, Main Road WEYMOUTH & PORTLAND BOROUGH
COUNCIL APPLICATIONS WEYMOUTH. WP/15/00081/FUL This proposal is not in
accordance with the provisions of the Development Plan.(North Site) Erect 4
dwellings with associated parking and landscaping. Land To South Of Morlands,
Plaisters Lane, Sutton Poyntz
WP/15/00088/FUL This proposal is not in accordance with the provisions of the
Development Plan. Erect 11 new dwellings
(5 Affordable) with associated parking and landscaping. (South Site) Land Off
Plaisters Lane, Sutton Poyntz
WP/15/00137/OUT Conservation Area Demolish existing buildings and erect 2 shop
units and 23 apartments with parking, bin and cycle stores (Outline) Colwell
Shopping Centre, School Street
WP/15/00196/FUL Conservation Area Replace front flat roof dormer with pitched
roof dormer, extend rear dormer and replace ground floor window with patio
doors.True Blue, Plaisters Lane, Sutton Poyntz
PORTLAND WP/15/00213/LBC Listed Building Removal of windows to enable
installation of smoke vents Hm Yoi, The Grove
Applications may be viewed online www.dorsetforyou.com/planning/
applications/search or at the council offices at South Walks House or North
Quay. Copies of applications in Bridport, Beaminster, Lyme Regis and surrounding
parishes can be viewed at Mountfield, Bridport and applications for Portland
only at Portland Tophill Library.
Comments can be made online, or in writing before 21 days from the date of this
notice.
All comments will be published online.
With regard to householder applications, an express consent for the display of
an advertisement or if an application is considered to fall within the
definition of a 'minor commercial proposal', should there be an appeal this will
be dealt with on the basis of representations in writing only. Any
representations made about the application will be sent to the Secretary of
State, and there will be no further opportunity to comment at appeal stage.
If you woyld liksthls sdvsrt supplied In a loiter iiZc call 0130S 2SZ344 '"'-'lA
DdrHI DistrictCownjl. lautliWslftiHoustr iDuth Walks Board, Dorchester Dorset
DTl 11. i Weymouth & Portland Borough Council North Quay, Wfcymoulfi. D<orjet,
DT4 ftlA
iiZc
'"'-'lA
DdrHI DistrictCownjl. lautliWslftiHoustr
iDuth
Walks Board, Dorchester Dorset DTl
i Weymouth & Portland
Council North Quay, Wfcymoulfi. D<orjet, DT4
ftlA

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Fairfax urged to buy trash incinerator

BYLINE: Fredrick Kunkle

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 517 words


Fairfax County Executive Anthony H. Griffin is recommending that the county buy
a $418 million waste-to-energy incinerator in Lorton that it jointly operates
with New Jersey-based Covanta Energy.

Griffin told reporters Wednesday that county staff conducted an analysis and
think Fairfax should exercise its option to buy the plant because ownership
would guarantee that its trash-hauling costs will remain low. Griffin said
owning the plant will also ensure that the county would maintain control of the
stream of trash that flows into the I 95 Energy Resource Recovery Center.

Otherwise, under a worst-case scenario, Fairfax might one day be shipping waste
to a cheaper landfill or incinerator while trash from New York City is trucked
into Lorton.

Griffin also said the purchase would not affect the county's sterling credit
rating or obligate taxpayers in any way. The purchase would be financed through
revenue bonds, which would be repaid solely by the fees that trash haulers pay
to use the incinerator. It would not affect the county's overall ability to
issue general obligation bonds - which are secured by the ability to tax
residents to repay them - that are used for schools and other county
investments.

If anything, buying the plant could almost double the approximately $26 million
the plant receives under its current arrangement with Covanta, Griffin said.

The plant, which is the largest such facility in the Washington area, burns
3,000 tons of nonrecyclable waste a day, using steam from the process to
generate electricity. The current agreement between Fairfax and Covanta expires
in 2016. The county also is exploring the option of not buying the plant and
extending its current agreement through 2031 - although Covanta also is pushing
to give the county a smaller cut of the money received for electricity.

Supervisor Pat S. Herrity (R-Springfield) said the plant could cost $800 million
including interest, and he rejected the notion that the debt will not affect the
county's creditworthiness. He said he had not seen a breakdown of the
assumptions built into the staff's cost-efficiency analysis, including whether
members had accurately estimated the price of maintaining the plant. Herrity
also said the county should examine the experience of Harrisburg, Pa., in owning
a waste-to-energy plant.

"It affects the total debt to the county," Herrity said. "Go ask Harrisburg,
because they almost went bankrupt, and those were revenue bonds."

The terms of the arrangement require the county's Board of Supervisors to make a
decision by March 3, although Griffin said both sides appeared likely to extend
that deadline 30 days. The board is expected to consider the matter at a public
hearing Feb. 22.

Chairman Sharon Bulova (D) said she was keeping an open mind on whether buying
the plant makes sense. But she also disagreed with Herrity on the question of
whether purchasing the plant would affect its credit rating. "When Supervisor
Herrity says that this will interfere with our ability to build schools, buy
parkland and build public facilities, it's just not true," she said.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 26, 2014 Sunday

Redrawn lines due to affect voters

BYLINE: by MELISSA DANIELS

LENGTH: 642 words


The invisible, politician-drawn boundaries that affect who represents
Pennsylvania residents in Harrisburg are different this election.

Why and how they appear the way they do, splitting up cities or covering large
swaths of counties, are the result of population shifts and the decennial
redistricting process.

After a court rejection and another round of mapmaking, this election cycle is
the first in which the lines will affect the state House, where all seats are up
for election. Court precedent and a special election mean the lines partly apply
in staggered-term Senate races.

The Legislature is likely to remain in Republican control after Nov. 4, though
some seats might switch parties, said G. Terry Madonna, pollster and political
science professor at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster. The House is
split 111-91 in favor of Republicans with one vacancy; the Senate is split
27-23. Though Republicans in Pennsylvania have benefited from the ability to
shape district boundaries, Democrat leaders also are eager to protect their
areas, Madonna said.

"Both parties want favorable districts for their own members," he said.

Getting the maps finalized took the Legislative Reapportionment Commission two
attempts and at least $1 million in legal fees from 2012 through this year,
records show. The commission included four caucus leaders and a fifth member
appointed by the state Supreme Court, which must approve boundaries.

In early 2012, the court rejected the commission's maps, citing too many split
municipalities and counties and oddly shaped districts that weren't compact.
According to the state constitution: "Unless absolutely necessary, no county,
city, incorporated town, borough, township or ward shall be divided in forming
either a senatorial or representative district."

Once a court approved a second round of boundaries in 2013, state Sen. Jim
Ferlo, D-Highland Park, saw his 38th Senatorial District shift to cover more
suburbs than city wards. The new constituency included a majority of voters
represented by Sen. Randy Vulakovich, R-Shaler. Ferlo, in office since 2002,
opted not to seek re-election.

The seat held by Rep. Erin Molchany, D-Mt. Washington, moved across the state to
accommodate growing population in the East; her territory meshed with the 36th
District. Molchany lost a primary race to longtime Rep. Harry Readshaw,
D-Carrick.

The party in power can choose to cram the opposition into so-called "safe"
districts, or spread them out to avoid a stronghold, said Michael McDonald, a
redistricting expert and associate professor at the University of Florida.

To remove politicians from the process, some states such as Arizona and
California established citizen-based commissions to take charge of the lines.
But favoritism can surface in these systems, too, based on the appointments,
McDonald said.

"Even if you have a citizen commission, it does not mean you've totally removed
politics from the equation," he said.

At the federal level, Pennsylvania's congressional maps are considered among the
most gerrymandered in the nation, said Michael Li, redistricting counsel for the
Brennan Center for Justice at New York University. Five of 18 congressional
seats belong to Democrats, though the electorate has about 1.5 million more
registered Democratic voters than Republicans, statistics from the Department of
State show.

The effect is less competitive elections, Li said. An incumbent's future could
come down to a primary in which turnout traditionally is a small percentage of
voters, he said. Pennsylvania's closed primaries pushes voters to stick to
voting along party lines.

"A handful of voters really are the only ones that matter, and that's really not
what should be the case," Li said.

Melissa Daniels is a Trib Total Media staff writer. Reach her at 412-380-8511 or
mdaniels@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                          February 22, 2006, Wednesday

House: follow Senate on lobbyist reform

BYLINE: EDITORIALS

SECTION: A; Pg. 08

LENGTH: 501  words


Jere Strittmatter and other lobbyists with Harrisburg-based Triad Strategies
reported spending nearly $3 million to affect legislation in the Pennsylvania
Senate during the first 9 months of 2005. The former Warwick Township legislator
and his fellow lobbyists said they labored on behalf of Lancaster General
Hospital, Elizabethtown College and 94 other clients. John Barley, a former
legislator representing the southern end of Lancaster County and now a
Harrisburg lobbyist, reported spending $275,000 to represent 18 clients. You
will find these and other lobbyist disclosures at http://www.pasen.gov

. That's a Web site devoted to the Pennsylvania Senate. Check under "Topics of
Special Interest.'' The state Senate has been collecting lobbyist disclosure
reports since 2003, but those reports only began appearing on the Internet last
week. Pennsylvanians can find out the names of lobbyists, the number of
organizations they represent and how they and the organizations spent funds.
They will learn that lobbyists in this state spent nearly $100 million during
the first 9 months of 2005 to help senators decide how to vote on their pet
issues. Health-care lobbyists easily topped the list, followed by construction
and manufacturing lobbyists and telecommunications lobbyists. The biggest
organizational spender on lobbying activities, by far, was the Insurance
Federation of Pennsylvania at nearly $5 million. The lobbyists at Klett Rooney
Lieber & Schorling, with offices in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware and
Washington D.C., led among registered lobbyists in spending more than $3.1
million to affect Senate legislation. Under the Senate system, lobbyists are
only required to report their spending as it affects the Senate, although they
are permitted to report their entire spending. Sen. Robert Jubelirer has
advocated greater Senate disclosure of lobbying activity. He has called on the
House to adopt a similar policy. Pennsylvania remains the only state in the
nation without a lobbyist-disclosure law, so the Senate has had to go it on its
own since 2003. Disclosure legislation in the House remains stalled because
House Speaker John Perzel believes it is not necessary. Perzel is wrong. How
could greater transparency about who is paying whom to affect legislation not be
necessary to improve honesty in state government? Spending by lobbyists and
lobbying organizations has grown enormously just since the Senate began
requiring an open record in 2003. That year, lobbyists reported spending $87
million to influence Senate legislation. In 2004, they reported $122 million.
With $100 million spent during the first 9 months of 2005, last year is on track
to eclipse 2004. Citizens need to know all they can about how that money is
being spent so they can be better voters on the issues that money seeks to
influence. We commend the Senate for taking unilateral action to inform
Pennsylvanians. The house should be ashamed for dragging its feet on an issue
vital to all informed voters.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Area employers scramble to deal with new overtime rule

BYLINE: Anna Beahm, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 835 words


May 31--The Obama administration's new overtime rule announced this month has
local businesses seeking legal counsel and asking questions about how the rule
will affect their companies.

The rule, set to begin Dec. 1, will raise the threshold of the overtime pay
exemption from $23,660 to $47,476 annually. The goal of the rule is to build
economic security, simplify the classification of overtime-eligible employees
and make white-collar exemptions easier to understand, according to the U.S.
Department of Labor.

The white-collar exemptions affected by the increased threshold generally apply
to employees who perform executive, administrative or professional duties.

The Department of Labor estimates the rule will affect 11 million workers, and
will transfer between $1.18 billion and $1.27 billion to these employees.

"The Obama administration seems to think raising it to $47,000 will cause people
who make $23,000 or $35,000 to get a raise," said employment lawyer David
Canupp, who works for Lanier Ford in Huntsville. "I don't see that happening."

The only circumstance where employees might receive raises would be if the
employee is close to the $47,000 threshold, employment lawyer Christopher
Kuffner said.

Many local businesses already are preparing for the change, Canupp said.

"Some of my clients have already reached out to me about this," he said. "This
will affect every business of any size. There is no limit on the minimum amount
of employees a business has to have."

The Fair Labor Standards Act provides no exemption for small businesses.
However, the rule does not apply to companies with an annual gross volume of
sales of less than $500,000, according to the Labor Department.

Local effect

Because of that exemption, the rule likely will not affect many small businesses
in the area, Decatur-Morgan County Entrepreneurial Center Executive Director
Larry Waye said.

Daikin-America in Decatur has received notifications and reports about the new
rule, Community Relations and General Affairs Manager Forrest Keith said.

"We're reading through things and asking questions about it," Keith said. "We
really don't know how or if it may affect us yet."

Office workers and managers who make less than $47,476 will be affected most,
Canupp said.

The rule has the potential to impact the manufacturing industry in Decatur, too,
said Kuffner, who works for Maynard Cooper in Huntsville.

The new yearly wage threshold of $47,476 was calculated based on the 40th
percentile of weekly earnings from 2013 U.S. Census data, which was $913 per
week, according to the Department of Labor.

The last time the Department of Labor updated overtime regulations was 2004.
That update set $455 per week as the threshold at which employers could qualify
employees for the white-collar exemption from overtime. The average weekly wage
in Alabama for 2004 was $629 per week, far above the current $455 threshold.

Alabama's average weekly wage for 2013 was $794, more than $100 less than the
proposed threshold, according to the Alabama Department of Labor.

Right number?

This rule brings much-needed change, but the actual threshold might not be the
right number. The change could be too much for businesses to handle at once,
Canupp said.

"It's likely businesses will file a challenge to the rule," Canupp said. "I
think the rule is here to stay, but challenging it may buy (businesses) more
time (to make changes)."

Businesses will find new ways to "get creative" in order to meet the rule's
standards, Waye said.

"Businesses will always do what they can to improve the bottom line," Waye said.
"Every time a new law or standard that changes things comes, businesses are
going to make the changes necessary to keep the bottom line."

The rule likely will force companies to reclassify many of their employees,
Canupp said. This means some salaried employees could be moved to hourly, and
only allowed to work 40 hours per week.

"If this happens, companies will require (employees) to be fully engaged," he
said. "There could be a shift in duties for maximum productivity."

Many employees are misclassified as salaried workers when their responsibilities
should require them to be hourly and vice versa, Canupp said. Federal law
requires most manual labor employees to be paid an hourly wage.

Companies might hire more part-time workers in order to distribute the workload
and avoid paying employees overtime, he said.

"Another solution employers will use is splitting current salaried jobs into two
part-time positions, which will keep employees from working over 40 hours,"
Kuffner said.

"If companies seek more employees to avoid paying overtime, there is potential
this rule could help unemployment in the region," Canupp said.

Canupp and Kuffner both said area businesses should seek legal counsel before
the rule is implemented in December.

anna.beahm@decaturdaily.com or 256-340-2446.

___ (c)2016 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160531-DD-Area-employers-scramble-to-deal-with-new-overtime-rule-20160531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2016 The Decatur Daily


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 10, 2007 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Beckham signing has had 'adverse affect'; Star Arrives Soon; But Galaxy Players
Must 'Get Used To Situation,' GM Says

BYLINE: Andrew Rogers, The Daily Telegraph, with files from National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 447  words


With David Beckham's arrival in California less than 72 hours away, Los Angeles
Galaxy general manager Alexi Lalas has admitted that signing the former England
captain has had an adverse affect of the club.

"I think it's fair to say that this is an environment, and situation, that none
of our players have gone through," he said. "It has had an adverse affect on us,
but we need to get used to the situation, and want people who can enjoy this
kind of pressure."

Lalas, a former U.S. national team defender, acknowledged some of the players in
the squad are not good enough, and the team is not coping with the pressure that
Beckham will bring to the Major League Soccer club.

"We are struggling to find the right collection of players that will fit into
this environment and excel," he said. "The organization will be making more
changes and bringing in more experience."

The Galaxy is currently second from bottom in the MLS standings, and Lalas is
known for not accepting poor performances from his coaches.

Last season he sacked his previous coach Steve Sampson, who had a similar record
to the current man in charge, Frank Yallop. Lalas hinted Yallop could also find
himself in a similar situation:

"Yes, we are disappointed to be so far away in the league when David arrives.
The reality is the position is similar to last year.

"Frank has to deal with a lot of pressure other coaches don't. There are now
higher standards expected across the board, and the scrutiny and levels of
attention are that much higher.

"He will be the first person to tell you the team has not performed up to par,
but this is a very difficult time for him and I can't think of a better person
to get us through this," Lalas said.

For his part, Yallop, the former Canadian national team coach, expects Beckham
to make a smooth transition.

"I don't think it will be disruptive," he told The Press-Enterprise of
Riverside, Calif., on the weekend. "It's going to be busy. But guys are excited.
They know ... it's been on the horizon for a while, and now it's getting closer
and closer. Once he does arrive, we can kind of take a breath and say, 'Well,
he's here. Let's start building the team, let's start to look forward to his
play.' "

L.A. has three wins and four draws in 12 games, although they have played the
fewest games in the league so far and will get Beckham for the bulk of their
schedule.

The club tied the Kansas City Wizards on Saturday and do not play again until
Aug. 5 in Toronto, which is expected to be Beckham's first league game.

"There's going to be even more scrutiny, on our results, our performances, our
play," Yallop said. "But we can't hide from it. We've got to just stand up and
take it."

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                        Main Street Capital Corporation

                           1300 Post Oak Blvd Ste 800
                               Houston,  TX 77056
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


MSCC is a business development company. Strong financial performance, strong
investment portfolio and diversified customer base are the key strengths of the
company, even as its declining cash position and geographic concentration remain
areas of concern. In future, fluctuations in the interest rates, changing
regulations and intense competition may affect its business performance.
However, growing US economy and strategic initiatives may provide ample growth
opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


MSCC exhibited strong financial performance in FY2015, which is a major
strength. The company reported revenue of US$164.6 million in FY2015, with an
annual growth of 16.9% over that of FY2014. The increase in revenue was
primarily due to the growth in the company's interest, fee and dividend Income
by 16.9%, from US$139.9 million in FY2014 to US$ 163.6 million in FY2015.The
company also reported increase in its operating income and net income in FY2015.
In FY2015, MSCC reported operating income of US$107.1 million, representing an
increase of 12.1% over that of FY2014. It also reported net income of US$104.4
million in 2015, representing an increase of 3.7% over FY2014. Such strong
financial performance may help the company to carry out its growth and expansion
plans aggressively.

STRONG INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO


MSCC has strong portfolio of investments, which provide it with competitive
advantage over its peers. The company provides debt, equity and warrant
financing for growth, management buyouts, recapitalizations, refinancing,
mezzanine investments, private equity and subordinated loans. The company makes
investments in middle market, lower middle market, private loan portfolio and
other portfolio companies based in the US. The company's invest in the company's
such as All Hose and Specialty, LLC, Affinity VideoNet, AFG Rentals (AFG),
AmeriTech, Blackhawk Datacom, Apex Linen, Boss Industries, EMS Pipeline Services
and GMI Group. A strong portfolio of investments may help the company to
increase its revenue.

DIVERSIFIED CUSTOMER BASE


The MSCC caters to a broad range of customers, which provides it with
competitive advantage over its competitors. MSCC offers range of portfolio
investments in middle markets, lower middle markets, private loan portfolios and
other portfolios in companies based in the US. It invests in industries such as
media, retail, energy equipment and services, health care, hotels, restaurants
and leisure, IT services, construction and engineering, software, diversified
consumer services, telecommunications, road and rail, oil, gas and consumable
fuels, Internet software and services, automotive, chemicals, metals and mining,
insurance, aerospace and defense, and transportation. A diversified customer
base insulates the company from the negative impact of a downturn in any
particular industry.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINING CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined from US$60.4 million at the end of FY2014 to US$20.3 million at the end
of FY2015, representing a decline of 66.4%. A decline in cash and equivalents
may be attributed to weak cash inflow from operating and financing activities.

GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Overdependence on the US market for its income may be a cause of concern for the
company during any political or economic adversity in the region. The company
generates the majority of its income from the US market, although it has a
presence in Canada. The company's investments are primarily confined to the
Southwest, West, Northeast, Southeast and Midwest regions of the US. In FY2015,
the company made total investments of 96.5% in domestic operations and 3.5% in
foreign locations. Such geographic concentration of the company exposes it to
adverse changes in economical and geo-political conditions of that particular
region, and also deprives the company from the opportunities existing in other
geographies.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING US ECONOMY


The MSCC stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at 2.4%
in 2015, and is expected to reach 2.5% in 2016. Positive growth in the economy
keeps a balance between exports and imports in the country, further bolsters
individual consumption and investment, and strengthens government spending.
Growing economic activities will increase prices on the face of stimulating
demand that is likely to save the US from tipping into deflation. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions in the country. MSCC,
that offers its investment management solutions in the US, is likely to benefit
from such positive economic growth.

STRATEGIC INITIATIVES


The MSCC strategic initiatives will provide significant opportunities for the
company. In February 2016, the company invested US$15 million in UniRush, a
leading provider of prepaid debit card solutions under the RushCard and Rapid
PayCard brands. The investment consists of first-lien, senior secured term debt
to refinance its existing debt and financing its future growth prospects. In
January 2016, the company invested US$ 10.4 million in Valley Healthcare Group,
LLC provider of custom medical equipments, sleep center services, rehabilitation
services and mobility solutions. The investment will refinance its existing debt
and will support its near term growth opportunities. Such strategic initiatives
will strengthen its presence in its existing business and increase its customer
base.


THREATS:


CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's offerings, capital
requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing requirements. For
instance, under recent SBIC regulations eligible small businesses should have a
net worth of US$19.5 million and average annual net income after tax not
exceeding US$6.5 million for two most recent fiscal years. In addition, it must
devote 25% of its investment activity to smaller concerns as defined by the SBA.
These changes include possible changes in government policies and solvency
requirements. Therefore, the changes in government policies and regulations
could have a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion forecasts.

INTENSE COMPETITION


MSCC operates in a highly competitive financial services market. The company
competes with a number of investment funds (including private equity funds,
mezzanine funds, BDCs, and SBICs), as well as traditional financial services
companies such as commercial banks and other sources of financing. Some of the
company's competitors include, Gladstone Capital Corporation, Ares Capital
Corporation, PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd, Fifth Street Finance Corp,
and Full Circle Capital Corporation. Intense competition from established
players and consolidation of their financial products could have a negative
impact on the company's operations. Such highly competitive market could
adversely affect the company's profitability, if it fails to retain and attract
clients and customers.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the MSCC business performance. Increases in
interest rates can affect the company's portfolio of investments and other
assets, including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay
the principal or interest on assets bought, collaterals and securities,
resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income
recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control,
including general economic conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the
money supply and the policies of various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating performance of
the company as its income and investment returns depend on the level of interest
rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of FUJI XEROX CO., LTD titled as "SYSTEM AND
METHODS FOR USING PRESENCE DATA TO ESTIMATE AFFECT AND COMMUNICATION PREFERENCE
FOR USE IN A PRESENCE SYSTEM"

LENGTH: 246  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130191319, on July 25, 2013, by FUJI XEROX CO., LTD, titled as "SYSTEM AND
METHODS FOR USING PRESENCE DATA TO ESTIMATE AFFECT AND COMMUNICATION PREFERENCE
FOR USE IN A PRESENCE SYSTEM" for the registration of patent.

Inventors: BIEHL; Jacob; (San Jose, CA) ; RIEFFEL; Eleanor; (Redwood City, CA) ;
TURNER; Althea; (Menlo Park, CA) ; VAN MELLE; William; (Los Altos, CA) ; XU;
Anbang; (Champaign, IL)
Assignee:   FUJI XEROX CO., LTD.
Tokyo
JP

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Exemplary embodiments described herein are directed to systems and methods that
estimate a user's affect and communication preferences from presence data. The
exemplary embodiments use a small set of features derived from a user's recent
high level presence states. Exemplary embodiments also use features from broader
classes of presence data. Utilizing features from a combination of presence data
and recent presence states may provide improvement over estimates that users are
able to make themselves. The exemplary embodiments further consider cost, burden
on the user, and privacy issues in estimating affect and communication
preferences."

The Patent was filed on January 20, 2012 under application No. 20130191319

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     May 17, 1995, Wednesday, City Edition

Local dealers: U.S. will end up paying for tariff

BYLINE: AMY WIMMER

SECTION: NATIONAL; CAR WARS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 275 words



Japan won't be on the losing end of the Clinton administration's new tariff
deal, local dealers of Japanese luxury cars say.

Instead, the dealers' version of the losers' list is quite different:

U.S. employees of car dealerships that sell Japanese luxury cars. U.S.  truck
drivers who haul the new automobiles to dealers. U.S. tire  manufacturers. And,
of course, the dealers themselves.

"It's not going to affect the Japanese economy," said Larry Casto,  executive
manager of Lokey Infiniti in Clearwater. "It's going to affect the  American
employee."

Casto and his colleagues have few kind words for Clinton's threat to impose  a
100-percent tariff on 13 models of Japanese cars. If implemented, the tariff
would affect about 15 dealers in the Tampa Bay area that sell Lexus, Infiniti,
Acura, Mazda and Mitsubishi.

The administration threatened the tariff - scheduled to take effect in  about
six weeks - to encourage the Japanese to allow U.S. auto parts easier  access to
the Japanese market. The administration said it expects Japan will  back down to
avoid losing the U.S. market for its luxury cars.

But local dealers disagree.

"This small market segment is not going to affect those big Japanese
companies," said Mike Marvel, general manager of Carlisle Acura in St.
Petersburg. "All it's going to do is affect us."

For now, business is booming at Lexus of Tampa Bay as consumers rush to  avoid
the tariff.

After Tuesday morning's announcement, Salhany's dealership sold 14 cars in  five
hours. "We've had a tremendous influx of sales lately," he said, "but  nothing
as big as we've seen today."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Newton Daily News, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Propane prices affected by demand, supply factors

BYLINE: Jason W. Brooks, Newton Daily News, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


Dec. 09--Many of us have noted the welcome plummet this fall in gasoline prices.

Those who use propane on their Jasper County farms for heat or other purposes
might have noticed a price drop as well -- but there's more to propane prices
than simple supply and demand. Curt Dunsbergen, assistant fuels manager for Key
Cooperative, said there are a lot of stops, transport lines and transition
points that help get propane from its source to farmers in central Iowa. A snag
at any of those points can affect product movement and prices all the way down
to the end user.

Key Cooperative was selling propane at $1.69 and 9/10 per gallon as of Thursday.

Last winter, Dunsbergen said, the market held prices fairly stable through a
bitter, cold stretch of November and December, but then shot up dramatically in
January 2014.

"We held right at $1.99 through the end of the year," Dunsbergen said. "But
then, prices just really just went through the stratosphere. Supplies were
really getting disrupted. It was bad."

Dunsbergen said movement of propane, by truck, pipeline or rail, is a slow
process, and the propane is bottlenecked through several single points of
service just to reach hundreds of thousands of customers.

The Cochin leg of the Kinder Morgan pipeline system runs from an area near
Edmonton, Alberta, through southern Canada, North Dakota, southern Minnesota,
northeastern Iowa and into Illinois, on its way to several other states before
ending in Windsor, Ontario.

Dunsbergen said a new contract benefits customers in Minnesota and Wisconsin,
and affects the quantity of propane being sent on down the line to Iowa and
points east.

"Money talks," he said.

Dunsbergen said propane and gasoline prices are not related on all levels, as
the transport and distribution formats for each fuel have major differences.
However, both use crude oil, so the price per barrel of North American crude oil
can affect both industries.

"I think the price drop in crude is helping hold our propane price at current
levels," Dunsbergen said. "So us and the farmers don't see our costs going down
-- things are just stable, which most folks don't tend to question."

Dunsbergen said propane can be shipped by rail as well. However, a quick glance
at any passing train will show the wide diversity of products manufacturers are
trying to jam onto North America's rail lines.

"Suppliers tell us you can't hang your hat for fuel rail service," he said.
"It's not reliable enough now."

Dunsbergen said co-op customers are strongly encouraged to utilize contract
pricing and other arrangements that keep monthly bills from spiking during the
winter months.

He also encourages farmers with enough storage space to buy a large quantity
during the summer months -- Key's price was $159.9 and 9/10 this past summer. He
said strong blasts of cold winter weather can affect propane prices. However,
weather is one of few variables that can affect the demand side, but there are
many more types of issues to affect the supply side.

"A farmer could end up feeling the difference in just a few days, in terms of
what we have to charge," Dunsbergen said. "The market can be pretty volatile."

There were a few times last winter when farmers had to accept partial shipments,
with trucks only delivering what a customer could afford. This helped ration
Iowa's limited propane supplies as well.

Despite a strong, quick start to this Iowa winter, which temperatures dipping
sharply downward in mid-November, no one has had to be without fuel.

"This year, we haven't had anyone waiting on propane," he said.

___ (c)2014 the Newton Daily News (Newton, Iowa) Visit the Newton Daily News
(Newton, Iowa) at www.newtondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141209-1NI-Propane-prices-affected-by-demand-supply-factors-1209-20141209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NI


                     Copyright 2014 Newton Daily News, Iowa


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Expect rain to affect Tuesday's morning and evening commutes in Berks

BYLINE: Rochel Leah Goldblatt, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 332 words


Aug. 12--The first 11 days of August have had below-average rainfall in the
county, but that will change Tuesday when a storm passes through, depositing
between 2 and 3 inches of rain, meteorologists said.

The rain is expected to affect both the morning and evening commutes, with the
downpours picking up in intensity in the afternoon, said meteorologist Erik
Pindrock of AccuWeather near State College.

The heaviest rain will fall in the evening, Pindrock said.

"The main theme is just periods of rain and some of the rain could be on the
heavier side," Pindrock said Monday night. "That amount of rain would be enough
for localized flooding issues, especially if we see this rain hitting in rush
hour.

"It could be very inconvenient for drivers."

The typical amount of rainfall through Tuesday for August is 1.28 inches, and
Berks County has only had about 0.05 inches so far, said Pindrock.

But Tuesday's rain, which should start falling in the early morning, will likely
put the county into a surplus for the month, he said.

"It's certainly a good day to take the umbrella with you," Pindrock said. "It's
going to be a very wet period here."

The rain will be on and off throughout the day and should be fairly evenly
distributed around the county, Pindrock said.

Some places might get more than 3 inches and there is a chance of isolated
thunderstorms in some areas, he said.

The rain will make temperatures drop slightly as a cool front moves through the
area. The high is expected to be 75 degrees, with an overnight low of 67.

On Wednesday, the high should be near 80 degrees, but with an occasional shower.

Thursday and Friday look to be much more pleasant, with temperatures both days
in the high 70s and partly sunny skies, Pindrock said.

"It will feel more comfortable," he said.

Contact Rochel Leah Goldblatt: 610-371-5024 or rgoldblatt@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2014 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140812-RE-Expect-rain-to-affect
-Tuesday-s-morning-and-evening-commutes-in-Berks-0812-20140812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2014 Reading Eagle


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             May 13, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Mich Edition

Voice of the People

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 645 words


Organ, blood donors saved son's life

Our family would like to thank all organ and blood donors. More are needed. On
March 31, our 34-year-old son went to the emergency room at Memorial Hospital.
He had been sick over the weekend. After running all kinds of blood tests, the
doctor told us a few hours later that he was in liver failure. A short time
later he then told us our son's kidneys were failing also. There was nothing
else they could do. They had to airlift our son to the transplant unit at
Indiana University Hospital in Indianapolis. We want to thank the doctor at
Memorial for all he did for our son. We thank all the caring doctors and nurses
at IU hospital. We want to thank the family of the donor. Our hearts go out to
them. We thank them for the gift my son got. Without that liver, he would not be
here. It was a miracle he got the liver when he did. On April 3, his life was
given back to us. Thanks to all who prayed for him. God does answer prayers. To
God be the glory. God bless all donors.

Linda Thompson

South Bend

Pro-choice?

Are people really pro-choice or does it just make them sound like they are for
something instead of against something? Are they pro-choice because they believe
a woman has the right to decide what to do with her body? Are they pro-choice
because it's a personal decision and doesn't affect other people?

I'm sure a look at other pro-choice decisions will follow the same logic.
Prostitution is a decision about a woman's body. The sale of a woman's body is a
personal decision and doesn't affect other people. If a woman chooses to be a
prostitute that should be her choice.

Drug usage is a pro-choice issue also. If one chooses to use drugs, it's a
personal issue and doesn't affect others. To become a drug addict should be a
personal decision.

The sale of one's own body parts for transplant is a pro-choice issue. This
involves one's own body and doesn't affect other people.

How about suicide or assisted suicide? Again, one's own body.

Are they pro-choice, or are they merely pro-infanticide? It's time we started
calling it exactly what it is.

Jim Brown

LaPorte

Bin delivery

Recycling bins! I feel sorry for the people who have not gotten their bins. I
was one of them who got left out and made repeated calls to Borden Waste-Away.
Most people on my block got bins but a handful didn't. Then one day I noticed
recycling bins littered all over Lombardy Drive and Ford Streets. The driver
didn't know the bins were falling off his truck. There were plastic wheels
everywhere.

Once they put most of them back on the truck, they started delivering them down
my street. As I sat on my porch and watched the driver place bins in front of
homes that had already received them, I stopped the driver and told him that
everyone on our block had gotten their bins except four of us. He told me that
they didn't know who already had bins but someone in the near future would be
going around and checking to see who had two.

What really teed me off was that Borden contracted a company from Elkhart to
deliver the bins. Common sense would tell that if I had to do mass deliveries in
another city, hiring people who are familiar with streets would be a good idea.

Jeff Reece

South Bend

Too much

OK, that's it, I can't take it anymore. Planes with banners, trucks with
pictures and now some woman refuses an award. Where were all these
self-righteous Catholics when the church was shuffling pedophile priests from
parish to parish? In many cases, their victims' lives were ruined. Don't those
lives count? Oh, I forgot, the church said it was sorry. But it only said it was
sorry because the priests got caught. These people should be flattered that the
leader of the free world has agreed to fit Notre Dame into his busy schedule. I
applaud the Notre Dame administration for the strength it is exhibiting. Linda
Myers

South Bend

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           September 26, 2010 Sunday

Voters to Weigh In on Affirmative Action, Tuition, Taxes, and Campus
Construction

BYLINE: By Kevin Kiley

SECTION: GOVERNMENT; Administration

LENGTH: 761  words

ABSTRACT

Ballot measures in 12 states could affect higher-education policy or colleges'
bottom lines.

FULL TEXT

Voters in a dozen states will weigh in on ballot measures this fall that could
affect higher-education policy or colleges' bottom lines.

Arizona, whose tough new immigration law has already stoked racial tensions in
the state, will ask residents whether to ban affirmative action in education and
other areas. Tuition matters made the ballot in Idaho and New Mexico, and
colleges in four other states would receive money for construction projects if
voters agree to authorize bonds.

Several states have ballot questions that seek to limit tax increases or lower
tax rates, which could affect spending on colleges. Massachusetts' Question 3,
which would lower the state-sales tax from 6.25 cents per dollar to 3 cents per
dollar, is one of the biggest proposed changes. If it's approved, state revenues
are projected to fall by $2.4-billion, an amount equal to 13 percent of its
revenues in the 2009 fiscal year.

Alaska:

Bonding Proposition B would authorize the state to issue about $380-million in
bonds. Of that amount, $80-million would be used to build a new sports arena at
the University of Alaska at Anchorage, and $108.6-million would be used for
science classrooms and lab facilities at the University of Alaska at Fairbanks.

Arizona:

Proposition 107 would ban preferential treatment on the basis of race, gender,
ethnicity, and color in education, public employment, and contracting. This
measure is similar to those that have passed in California, Michigan, Nebraska,
and Washington.

Colorado:

Three measures on Colorado's ballot would reduce the state's income, thereby
decreasing the amount of money available to spend on state entities, including
colleges and universities. Proposition 101 would reduce the state-sales tax, end
vehicle-registration fees, and halt government charges on telecommunication
services. Amendment 60 would roll back some property-tax hikes and make several
changes in how these taxes can be increased. Amendment 61 would prohibit state
and local governments from taking on new debts without voter approval,
eliminating the state's authority to issue bonds to provide money for
college-construction projects.

Idaho:

SJR 101 would amend the state's Constitution to allow the University of Idaho to
charge tuition. The university is allowed to charge fees, which cannot be used
for instructional purposes. Idaho's other universities have been able to charge
tuition since 2005. HJR 4 would allow public-medical facilities, including
university hospitals, to take on debt to upgrade facilities.

Indiana:

Public Question 1 would add property-tax caps to the Indiana Constitution,
limiting the means by which the state can increase revenue to pay for a variety
of services, including higher education.

Louisiana:

Amendment 4, also known as Act 542, would limit annual property-tax increases to
2.5 percent.

Maine:

Question 2 would allow the state to issue $5-million in bonds that would be used
for dental health, including $3.5-million for a community-based dental-education
clinic associated with a college of dentistry.

Massachusetts:

Question 3 would cut the state's sales-tax rate from 6.25 cents per dollar to 3
cents per dollar. Fiscal analysts predict that the cut would shrink the state's
general fund by $2.4-billion, limiting dollars available for colleges and other
public agencies.

New Mexico:

Amendment 1 would allow all veterans of the U.S. Armed Services to pay in-state
tuition rates at the state's public colleges.

Oklahoma:

Question 744 would require the state to spend a minimum amount each year on
elementary and secondary schools, based on the average amount spent per student
in nearby states. That could limit state funds available for colleges.

Rhode Island:

The Rhode Island Capital Bonds for Higher Education Question would allow the
state to issue $61-million in bonds for a new chemistry building at the
University of Rhode Island and $17-million to pay for a renovation of the art
center at Rhode Island College.

Washington:

Referred Bill 52 would allow the state to issue $500-million in bonds to
renovate and repair education facilities and government buildings. Initiative
Measure 1070 would create an income tax for couples who earn more than $400,000
per year and individuals who earn more than $200,000 per year. The measure would
also reduce the state's property-tax levy by 20 percent and increase a business
tax credit. Revenues from the changes would be earmarked for education and
health services.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Cardline

                             March 12, 2010 Friday

Plan To Enable The Blind To Identify Banknotes Could Affect ATMs

BYLINE: Frederick H. Lowe

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3 Vol. 10 No. 11

LENGTH: 831  words


The U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing is working to redesign banknotes so
blind and visually impaired consumers more easily may identify their
denominations. Though details are sketchy, the changes will affect segments of
the ATM industry differently, observers say.

The bureau announced its intentions after the U.S. Department of the Treasury
decided not to appeal a 2008 ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals, District of
Columbia Circuit. In that case, the appeals court upheld a 2006 lower court
decision that the federal government violated Section 504 of U.S. Rehabilitation
Act by failing to provide meaningful access to U.S. banknotes for the blind and
visually impaired. Section 504 prohibits discrimination in government programs
for the disabled.

The American Council of the Blind, an Arlington, Va.-based organization
representing the blind and visually impaired, had filed the case against the
Treasury Department. Mitch Pomerantz, council president, says the Treasury
Department has not indicated the specific changes that will affect U.S.
currency. "We don't know if Treasury will use Braille or if it will change the
size and color of banknotes," Pomerantz says.

To address the issue, the bureau in July received a commissioned study to
address its options, and it now plans to solicit public comments on the
findings, Claudia W. Dickens, bureau spokesperson, wrote in an e-mail message.
Once the 90-day comment period ends, the bureau will submit formal
recommendations to the U.S. Treasury Secretary. The timetable has not yet been
announced.

The ATM industry expects the bureau's decision to have a financial impact on the
nation's 225,000 bank-owned ATMs and the 240,000 machines owned by ISOs. The
size of the impact will depend on the Treasury's actions.

"We will be watching to see how a decision will affect our ATMs, but at this
point we just don't know enough," says Tom Kelly, spokesperson for JPMorgan
Chase & Co., the nation's second-largest bank-ATM owner with 15,406 machines.

James Phillips, North American sales director for Triton Systems of Delaware, a
Long Beach, Miss.-based off-premise ATM manufacturer, believes the changes
likely will have little, if any, affect on ATM makers. "We see different
banknotes in a number of countries, and we work with them," he says "Our biggest
expense involves testing banknotes in our ATMs to see if they are correctly
dispensed. We also comment to various countries' treasury departments about
their banknotes."

Canadian and United Kingdom banknotes differ in height and width so blind
individuals can identify denominations, and they are brightly colored so
visually impaired individuals can more easily identify them, Phillips says. U.S.
District Judge James Robertson noted in his 2006 decision only the U.S. prints
bills identical in size for all denominations.

ATM independent sales organizations believe the changes could have a big impact
on their operations.

Executives of Cardtronics Inc., one of the nation's largest ATM ISOs, wrote in
its annual report to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that the
company and others could be forced to upgrade their machines' hardware and
software, depending on how the Treasury Department proceeds. Cardtronics did not
say how much it might have to spend upgrading its more 18,000 U.S.-owned
machines. The company owned or managed 33,165 machines at the end of December in
the U.S., UK and Mexico.

If the bureau decides to print different sizes for $5, $20,$50 and $100
banknotes, it will be costly for ISOs, says James Hanisch, executive vice
president of Co-op Financial Services, a Rancho Cucamonga, Calif.-based
credit-union organization that operates a surcharge-free ATM network of 28,000
machines. "It will cost $3,000 to $5,000 per machine [to install]
banknote-holding canisters and new cash dispensers," Hanisch says.

Bryan C. Bauer, president of Kahuna ATM Solutions, a Bloomington, Ill.-based
ISO, agrees changing banknotes' size would cost the industry considerable
expense to upgrade machines. Kahuna operates approximately 10,000 ATMs.

Robertson's order does not apply to the $1 bill. It also will not apply to the
$100 bill, which Engraving and Printing currently is redesigning.

ATMs overwhelming issue $20 banknotes. The bureau's Dickens declined comment
about when the $20 would undergo a design change and whether it would be the
first U.S. banknote to comply with the court's ruling.

If the bureau keeps banknotes their current size but adds Braille, the cost
would be difficult to determine, Hanisch says. The notes could work fine in some
ATM cash dispensers but make others inoperable, he says.

Fewer Braille banknotes would fit into ATM-dispensing canisters, says Leon
Majors, president of the payments systems practice at Salisbury, Md.-based
Phoenix Marketing International.

The bureau likely will not print Braille banknotes, says Triton's Phillips. "Our
research shows less than 10% of the blind and visually impaired read Braille,"
he says.

URL: http://www.cardline.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               ATM and Debit News

                                 March 11, 2010

Plan To Enable The Blind To Identify Banknotes Could Affect ATMs

BYLINE: Frederick H. Lowe

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2 Vol. 12 No. 9

LENGTH: 831  words


The U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing is working to redesign banknotes so
blind and visually impaired consumers more easily may identify their
denominations. Though details are sketchy, the changes will affect segments of
the ATM industry differently, observers say.

The bureau announced its intentions after the U.S. Department of the Treasury
decided not to appeal a 2008 ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals, District of
Columbia Circuit. In that case, the appeals court upheld a 2006 lower court
decision that the federal government violated Section 504 of U.S. Rehabilitation
Act by failing to provide meaningful access to U.S. banknotes for the blind and
visually impaired. Section 504 prohibits discrimination in government programs
for the disabled.

The American Council of the Blind, an Arlington, Va.-based organization
representing the blind and visually impaired, had filed the case against the
Treasury Department. Mitch Pomerantz, council president, says the Treasury
Department has not indicated the specific changes that will affect U.S.
currency. "We don't know if Treasury will use Braille or if it will change the
size and color of banknotes," Pomerantz says.

To address the issue, the bureau in July received a commissioned study to
address its options, and it now plans to solicit public comments on the
findings, Claudia W. Dickens, bureau spokesperson, wrote in an e-mail message.
Once the 90-day comment period ends, the bureau will submit formal
recommendations to the U.S. Treasury Secretary. The timetable has not yet been
announced.

The ATM industry expects the bureau's decision to have a financial impact on the
nation's 225,000 bank-owned ATMs and the 240,000 machines owned by ISOs. The
size of the impact will depend on the Treasury's actions.

"We will be watching to see how a decision will affect our ATMs, but at this
point we just don't know enough," says Tom Kelly, spokesperson for JPMorgan
Chase & Co., the nation's second-largest bank-ATM owner with 15,406 machines.

James Phillips, North American sales director for Triton Systems of Delaware, a
Long Beach, Miss.-based off-premise ATM manufacturer, believes the changes
likely will have little, if any, affect on ATM makers. "We see different
banknotes in a number of countries, and we work with them," he says "Our biggest
expense involves testing banknotes in our ATMs to see if they are correctly
dispensed. We also comment to various countries' treasury departments about
their banknotes."

Canadian and United Kingdom banknotes differ in height and width so blind
individuals can identify denominations, and they are brightly colored so
visually impaired individuals can more easily identify them, Phillips says. U.S.
District Judge James Robertson noted in his 2006 decision only the U.S. prints
bills identical in size for all denominations.

ATM independent sales organizations believe the changes could have a big impact
on their operations.

Executives of Cardtronics Inc., one of the nation's largest ATM ISOs, wrote in
its annual report to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that the
company and others could be forced to upgrade their machines' hardware and
software, depending on how the Treasury Department proceeds. Cardtronics did not
say how much it might have to spend upgrading its more 18,000 U.S.-owned
machines. The company owned or managed 33,165 machines at the end of December in
the U.S., UK and Mexico.

If the bureau decides to print different sizes for $5, $20,$50 and $100
banknotes, it will be costly for ISOs, says James Hanisch, executive vice
president of Co-op Financial Services, a Rancho Cucamonga, Calif.-based
credit-union organization that operates a surcharge-free ATM network of 28,000
machines. "It will cost $3,000 to $5,000 per machine [to install]
banknote-holding canisters and new cash dispensers," Hanisch says.

Bryan C. Bauer, president of Kahuna ATM Solutions, a Bloomington, Ill.-based
ISO, agrees changing banknotes' size would cost the industry considerable
expense to upgrade machines. Kahuna operates approximately 10,000 ATMs.

Robertson's order does not apply to the $1 bill. It also will not apply to the
$100 bill, which Engraving and Printing currently is redesigning.

ATMs overwhelming issue $20 banknotes. The bureau's Dickens declined comment
about when the $20 would undergo a design change and whether it would be the
first U.S. banknote to comply with the court's ruling.

If the bureau keeps banknotes their current size but adds Braille, the cost
would be difficult to determine, Hanisch says. The notes could work fine in some
ATM cash dispensers but make others inoperable, he says.

Fewer Braille banknotes would fit into ATM-dispensing canisters, says Leon
Majors, president of the payments systems practice at Salisbury, Md.-based
Phoenix Marketing International.

The bureau likely will not print Braille banknotes, says Triton's Phillips. "Our
research shows less than 10% of the blind and visually impaired read Braille,"
he says.

URL: http://www.cardforum.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: ATM


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 1, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Toxins' 'Assault' on reproductive systems

BYLINE: Anita Manning

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 807 words


Pesticides, herbicides and other chemicals humans have been tossing around for
50 years could be wreaking havoc on the reproductive systems of people and
animals.

No one's certain that chemicals are the culprit, but there's enough evidence of
something going wrong to raise alarm bells. The topic is explored Sunday in a
Discovery Channel documentary, Assault on the Male, airing 7-8 p.m. ET/PT.
Though this show focuses on males, the problem affects both sexes.

In women, breast cancer and endometriosis are thought to be linked to chemicals
in the environment that mimic the hormone estrogen.

In men, Danish researchers have reported a 50% drop in sperm count in Europe and
the U.S. between 1938 and 1990, coinciding with a two- to fourfold increase in
testicular cancer. Doctors say they're seeing growing numbers of infant boys
born with undescended testicles or genital deformities.

Zoologist Theo Colborn, of the World Wildlife Fund, says chemicals appear to be
acting on the endocrine system, which regulates metabolism, growth, and sexual
development and functioning of animals and humans.

The chemicals, she says, "affect the embryo, fetus and newborn entirely
different than they affect an adult, if they affect the adult at all. And the
effects in the developing offspring are often irreversible and may not be seen
until years after exposure in the womb."

In the late 1980s, Colborn studied fish and birds in the Great Lakes, where
levels of DDT and PCB were high.

She found 16 species of birds, fish and mammals experiencing population decline
and offspring with deformities ranging from eggs that didn't hatch to birds with
crossed bills. Other red flags:

-- At least 25% of the male alligators in Florida's Lake Apopka - site of a
pesticide spill in 1980 - have low testosterone levels, high estrogen levels and
penises one-fourth the normal size.

-- Thyroid problems are seen in birds and fish in the Great Lakes.

-- Demasculinization of male fish, birds and mammals and defeminization of
female fish and birds is seen around the Great Lakes and below paper and pulp
mills in the South.

-- Immune system suppression has caused problems for dolphins on the Atlantic
coast and in the Mediterranean.

In addition, Colborn says, "there are people walking around today who have been
affected. If we don't reduce chemicals in the environment, we'll see widespread
dysfunction."

But the issue is not clear-cut, says Dr. James Simon, endocrinologist at
Georgetown University Medical Center, Washington, D.C. "Humans are not
alligators," he says, adding the situation "requires far more investigation."

Sperm counts in men have dropped, says Dr. Michael Zinaman, of Loyola University
of Chicago, who is conducting an Environmental Protection Agency study on the
subject, "but I can't tell you what's caused that."

Still, there is enough evidence to warrant "big-time interest by our government
to fund these studies," says Zinaman. "It would be devastating if the trend
continued for the next 20 or 30 years. It would be a major issue for
reproduction in developed countries."

Dr. John McLachlan, of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences,
says research is going full-tilt on the effects of estrogens in the environment.
"The thing we've spent most time on over years, going back to the early '70s, is
trying to understand how estrogens alter sexual development, using DES," the
drug given in the 1950s to prevent miscarriage in pregnant women.

The high doses of estrogen given to the women unintentionally set up a huge
experiment, with humans as guinea pigs. The sons and daughters of women who took
DES have suffered high rates of testicular or vaginal cancer, sterility and
other reproductive problems.

"Part of the problem," McLachlan says, "is that it's all very new to us. So the
concern that's expressed sometimes in the media and by groups is ahead of the
data. As research scientists, we have a real urgency to develop the data as soon
as possible, because it's hard to say what level of urgency is adequate.

"We know a potent estrogen like DES will affect lab animals, no doubt. We know
the same potent chemical will affect the sexual development of humans. But
whether these other molecules, which most people can agree are weakly
estrogenic, can do the same thing is still an open issue."

Zoologist Louis Guillette, of the University of Florida, who has been studying
Lake Apopka's alligators since the late 1980s, spoke earlier this year to a
congressional panel on the potential effects of environmental estrogen.

"A guy said, 'I don't see what all this has to do with us.' " Guillette recalls.
His response: "It means every man alive today is half the man his grandfather
was.

"And the most important question is: Are our grandsons going to be half the men
we are?"

LOAD-DATE: September 02, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jim Sikarskie, Michigan State University

TYPE: Health and Behavior

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 23, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Question: How will lower interest rates affect you?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 272 words


Fiore Tedesco, 44
Store owner
Saratoga Springs, N.Y.   I'd love to see the prime rate keep going

down. I have a high mortgage, and when I saw the 8.5% fixed rates, I called my
bank to see about refinancing. Like most people, I'm kind of cautious about new
purchases. Right now, I'm buying more of what I need rather than what I want.

Marsha Zierk, 41
Teacher
Elgin, Ill.

Personally, I don't think it will affect us. I hope it will make it possible for
younger people to buy homes, especially their first homes. I'm not very
optimistic about the economy right now; I find it very frightening. I'm just
grateful that I have a secure job.

Kumar Rajha, 26
Engineer
Culver City, Calif.

Initially, I put off several larger purchases, like maybe going for a newer car
and maybe buying a condo or a new house. But now I am considering purchasing
them. I think it is the right time. I hope things do improve. Most people are
still jittery about the economy.

Juanita Brooks, 44
Psychologist
Melbourne Beach, Fla.

My lifestyle is such that, other than a home mortgage, I do not live on credit.
It is very important for me not to purchase something if I don't have the money
to do it. Therefore, the interest rates won't affect my buying.

William 'Bill' Parker
53, exec. dir., DAV
Manchester, Tenn.

The average age of a World War II veteran is 68; the Vietnam-era vet is about
42. This lower interest rate is not going to affect us one iota. There's no one
going to go into debt for major purchases, even refinancing a home. This is a
Band-Aid for people who probably don't need it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate; Voices

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; VOICES FROM ACROSS THE USA; Although a string of
interest-rate reductions the past year haven't energized the sagging economy,
experts say the latest reductions, announced Friday, eventually will put more
money into consumers' pockets. USA TODAY asked readers if the lower rates would
make it possible for them to consider major purchases.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Climax Molybdenum
Company , has issued (16AL-0048E ) Petition to Intervene of Climax Molybdenum
Company and CF&I Steel, L.P.

LENGTH: 1233  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 {00706879.1}

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 Proceeding No. 16AL-0048E

 RE: IN THE MATTER OF ADVICE LETTER NO. 1712-ELECTRIC FILED BY

 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF COLORADO TO REPLACE COLORADO PUC NO.



 7-ELECTRIC TARIFF WITH COLORADO PUC NO. 8-ELECTRIC TARIFF

 PETITION TO INTERVENE OF CLIMAX MOLYBDENUM COMPANY

 AND CF&I STEEL, L.P.

 Climax Molybdenum Company ("Climax") and CF&I Steel, LP, d/b/a Evraz Rocky

 Mountain Steel ("Evraz"), by their attorneys, Dufford & Brown, P.C., hereby
petition to

 intervene as parties in this proceeding pursuant to Rule 1401 of the
Commission's Rules of

 Practice and Procedure. In support of this petition, Climax and Evraz state as
follows:

 1. On January 25, 2016, Public Service Company of Colorado ("Public Service")

 filed the above captioned advice letter and accompanying testimony. The
Commission

 suspended the advice letter in Decision No. C16-0135, mailed February 19, 2016
and set the

 matter for hearing.

 2. Climax operates the Climax and Henderson molybdenum mines and related

 facilities near Leadville and Empire, Colorado, respectively. Climax's address
is P.O. Box 68,

 Empire, Colorado, 80438.

 3. Climax receives electric service from Public Service at its respective
facilities and

 is Public Service's second largest retail electric customer. If approved, the
relief requested in the

 advice letter and accompanying tariffs will affect retail industrial customer
rates substantially,

 and thus will directly and substantially affect Climax's electricity costs, and
possibly the

 reliability of its service necessary for mining and milling molybdenum. As a
result, this docket

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 {00706879.1} 2

 will substantially affect Climax's tangible and pecuniary interests as
contemplated by 4 CCR

 723-1-1401(c). Climax's unique interests will not be adequately represented
unless Climax is

 allowed to intervene.

 4. Evraz operates its steel manufacturing and fabrication plant and related
facilities

 in Pueblo, Colorado. The address of Evraz is P.O. Box 316, Pueblo, Colorado
81002.

 5. Evraz receives electric service from Public Service at its facilities and is
Public

 Service's largest retail electric customer. If approved, the relief requested
in the advice letter

 will affect industrial customer retail rates substantially, and thus will
directly and substantially

 affect Evraz's electricity costs, and possibly the reliability of its service
necessary for producing

 and fabricating steel products. As a result, this docket will substantially
affect Evraz's tangible

 and pecuniary interests as contemplated by 4 CCR 723-1-1401(c). Evraz's unique
interests will

 not be adequately represented unless Evraz is allowed to intervene.

 6. Participation by Climax and Evraz will not unduly broaden the issues in this


 proceeding because the matters which Climax and Evraz may choose to address
will pertain to

 issues raised by the application submitted by Public Service and which are or
may be inherent in

 this proceeding.

 7. The nature and quantity of any evidence to be presented by Climax and Evraz
in

 this proceeding is not yet known. However, each reserves the right to
participate as its interests

 may appear.

 8. Among other Company suggestions, Climax and Evraz are particularly concerned


 with the forecast rate increase for industrial customers that will result
should the Company's

 proposals be adopted, and the time of day rates suggested by the Company.

 9. Intervention by Climax and Evraz is timely.

 {00706879.1} 3

 10. Climax and Evraz request that notice of matters relating to this proceeding
and

 copies of orders, testimony, exhibits and all pleadings, discovery and other
communications be

 served upon the following:

 Richard L. Fanyo, Esq.

 Mark T. Valentine, Esq.

 Dufford & Brown, P.C.

 1700 Broadway, Suite 2100

 Denver, CO 80290-2101

 Telephone: (303) 861-8013

 Fax: (303) 832-3804

 rfanyo@duffordbrown.com

 mvalentine@duffordbrown.com

 and electronically on:

 kberridge@duffordbrown.com

 WHEREFORE, Climax Molybdenum Company and CF&I Steel, L.P., d/b/a Evraz Rocky

 Mountain Steel respectfully request that the Commission issue an order granting
each party leave

 to intervene in the above-captioned proceeding.

 Respectfully submitted this 8th day of March, 2016.

 Respectfully submitted,

 DUFFORD & BROWN, P.C.

 By: s/ Mark T. Valentine

 Richard L. Fanyo, Reg. No. 7238

 Mark T. Valentine, Reg. No. 29986

 1700 Broadway, Suite #2100

 Denver, CO 80290-2101

 Tel: 303-861-8013

 Fax: 303-832-3804

 Email: rfanyo@duffordbrown.com

 mvalentine@duffordbrown.com

 Attorneys for Climax Molybdenum Company and

 CF&I Steel, LP

 {00706879.1} 4

 {00706879.1} 5

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 I hereby certify that on this 8th day of March, 2016, the foregoing Petition to
Intervene

 was E-filed and served by the Public Utilities Commission's E-Filing System to
registered users

 of the System, and either e-mailed or sent via U.S. mail to the non-registered
E-Filing System

 parties in accordance with applicable law:

 Scott B. Brockett

 Xcel Energy Services, Inc.

 1800 Larimer Street, Suite 1400

 Denver, CO 80202

 scott.b.brockett@xcelenergy.com

 Carla Scarsella

 Sarah G. Daly

 Xcel Energy Services, Inc.

 1800 Larimer Street, Suite 1100

 Denver, CO 80202

 Carla.scarsella@xcelenergy.com

 sarah.g.daly@xcelenergy.com

 Marci McKoane

 marci.mckoane@xcelenergy.com

 Tandy Dilworth

 Tandy.m.dilworth@xcelenergy.com

 Schuna Wright

 Schuna.wright@xcelenergy.com

 Michael Hartnack

 Michael.hartnack@xcelenergy.com

 *Gregory E. Bunker

 Office of Attorney General

 1300 Broadway, 7th Floor

 Denver, CO 80203

 Gregory.bunker@coag.gov

 *Brent Coleman

 Office of Attorney General

 1300 Broadway, 7th Floor

 Denver, CO 80203

 brent.coleman@coag.gov

 *Thomas F. Dixon

 Office of Attorney General

 1300 Broadway, 7th Floor

 Denver, CO 80203

 Thomas.dixon@coag.gov

 *Ron Fernandez

 Office of Consumer Counsel

 1560 Broadway, Suite 200

 Denver, CO 80202

 ron.fernandez@state.co.us

 *Chris Neil

 Office of Consumer Counsel

 1560 Broadway, Suite 200

 Denver, CO 80202

 chris.neil@state.co.us

 *Cory Skluzak

 Office of Consumer Counsel

 1560 Broadway, Suite 200

 Denver, CO 80202

 cory.skluzak@state.co.us

 *Ingrid Dietzman

 Ingrid.dietzman@coag.gov

 *Chere Mitchell

 chere.mitchell@state.co.us

 Sue Ellen Harrison

 Sue Ellen Harrison P.C.

 840 12th Street

 Boulder, CO 80302

 seharrisonpc@gmail.com

 {00706879.1} 6

 Howard Geller

 Southwest Energy Efficiency Project

 2334 Broadway, Suite A

 Boulder, CO 80304

 hgeller@swenergy.org

 Adam Bickford

 Southwest Energy Efficiency Project

 2334 Broadway, Suite A

 Boulder, CO 80304

 abickford@swenergy.org

 Debra S. Kalish

 City of Boulder

 Box 791, 1777 Broadway

 Boulder, CO 80306-0791

 kalishd@bouldercolorado.gov

 Matt Lehrman

 City of Boulder

 Box 791, 1101 Arapahoe Avenue

 Boulder, CO 80306-0791

 lehrmanm@bouldercolorado.gov

 Heather Bailey

 City of Boulder

 Box 791, 1720 14th Street

 Boulder, CO 80306-0791

 baileyh@bouldercolorado.gov

 Jonathan Koehn

 City of Boulder

 Box 791, 1720 14th Street

 Boulder, CO 80306-0791

 koehnj@bouldercolorado.gov

 Lisa Thompson

 City of Boulder

 Box 791, 1777 Broadway

 Boulder, CO 80306-0791

 thompsonl@bouldercolorado.gov

 Joseph Paulson

 Box 791, 1739 Broadway

 Boulder, CO 80306-0791

 paulsonj@bouldercolorado.gov

 s/ Carol A. Larsen Cook

 Carol A. Larsen Cook



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

US Patent granted to Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. (JP) on February 10 titled as "System
and methods for using presence data to estimate affect and communication
preference for use in a presence system"

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,954,372, on
February 10, 2015, to Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. (JP), titled as "System and methods
for using presence data to estimate affect and communication preference for use
in a presence system"

Inventors:  Biehl; Jacob (San Jose, CA), Rieffel; Eleanor (Redwood City, CA),
Turner; Althea (Menlo Park, CA), Van Melle; William (Los Altos, CA), Xu; Anbang
(Champaign, IL)
Assignee:  Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. (Tokyo, JP)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Exemplary embodiments described herein are directed to systems and methods that
estimate a user's affect and communication preferences from presence data. The
exemplary embodiments use a small set of features derived from a user's recent
high level presence states. Exemplary embodiments also use features from broader
classes of presence data. Utilizing features from a combination of presence data
and recent presence states may provide improvement over estimates that users are
able to make themselves. The exemplary embodiments further consider cost, burden
on the user, and privacy issues in estimating affect and communication
preferences."

The patent was filed on January 20, 2012 Application no. 13/354,414

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

Domestic violence affects victims at home and work

BYLINE: Brenda L. Holmes, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 837 words


Oct. 01--The issue of domestic violence affects just about every area of a
person's life. And the work place is no different.

Maria Larrison and Terry Moore both work with local domestic violence
organizations. Larrison is executive director of Sheltering Wings in Danville
and Moore helped to start Beacon of Hope, a domestic violence center for women
on the west side of Indianapolis.

"Domestic violence really does cost employers a lot of money," Larrison said.

When someone is in a domestic violence situation, she said it often causes
problems at work such as tardiness, absenteeism, or even a batterer entering the
work place.

"The employer will experience loss of production," Larrison added. "It's hard to
be productive when you're afraid for your life."

Mooresaid several of the victims who have entered the doors at Beacon of Hope
had issues at work with an abuser.

"A lot of time they have to use up their sick time or take a leave of absence,"
Moore said.

Both women said there have been instances when abusers have come into the work
place and put other employees at risk. Larrison said employers who are proactive
about domestic violence can be better prepared to help their employees.

"Employers need to watch for lateness or if one of their employees is very
emotional," she said. "Are they wearing long sleeves in the summer to cover up
bruises?"

Mooresaid her organization helps to offer training for employers.

"We have had employers come in and discuss this," she said. "We are willing to
help with training such as giving them the 'Wheel of Control.'"

Larrison said women and men in this situation are encouraged to go to their
human resources director. And, hopefully, that person knows how to prepare.

"They can sit down and work out a safety plan," she said. "They can let them
know if the abuser has come into the building or let a guard know that this
person should not be in the building."

She said a plan empowers the abused person to feel more confident and safe while
working.

"Employers have a responsibility to their employees," Larrison said. "Even a
small company needs to train their HR person in what to do. They should have
resources like brochures ready so they can be an advocate for their co-workers."

She said the worst thing an employer can do is fire the person being abused
because they don't want to deal with the situation.

"We've had ladies come here who have lost jobs because of their abuser,"
Larrison said. "That just makes them more dependent on their abuser."

She said isolating a victim is one of the ways an abuser keeps them from leaving
the situation.

Editor's note: October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. This is the first
in a series of articles about domestic violence.

brenda.holmes@flyergroup.com

Online:

domesticviolenceworkplace.blogspot.com/

www.shelteringwings.org/

www.beaconofhopeindy.org/

Wheel of Control offers signs of abuse

The Wheel of Control can help an employer look for behaviors that identify a
person in a domestic violent relationship.

Here are the signs that go along with the wheel:

Using intimidation:making the victim afraid by using looks, actions, gestures,
smashing things, destroying property, abusing pets, displaying weapons.

Using emotional abuse: putting them down, making them feel bad about themselves,
calling them names, making they think they're crazy, playing mind games,
humiliating them, making them feel guilty.

Using isolation:controlling what the victim does, who they see or talk to, what
they read, where they go, limiting their outside involvement, using jealousy to
justify actions.

Minimizing, denying, and blaming:making light of the abuse and not taking their
concerns about it seriously, saying the abuse didn't happen, shifting
responsibility for abusive behavior, saying they caused it.

Using children: making them feel guilty about the children, using the children
to relay messages, using visitation to harass the victim, threatening to take
children away.

Using male privilege:treating her like a servant, making all the big decisions,
acting like the "master of the castle," being the one to define men's and
women's roles.

Using economic abuse: preventing them from getting or keeping a job, making them
ask for money, giving them an allowance, taking their money, not letting them
know about or have access to family income.

Using coercion and threats:making and/or carrying out threats to hurt them,
threatening to leave, to commit suicide, to report her to welfare, making them
drop charges, making them do illegal things.

-- Courtesy of the Women's Rural Advocacy Programs.

To see more of the Hendricks County Flyer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://flyergroup.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101001-FX-Domestic-violence-affects
-victims-at-home-and-work-1001-20101001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FX


                     Copyright 2010 Hendricks County Flyer


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 716  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend



 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel

 Date & Location

 Houston, October 3



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CCU

 Room Rate Deadline: September 12

 Register

 Dallas, October 4



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 75244

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CAS

 Room Rate Deadline: September 8

 Register



 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.

 Schedule (for all locations)

 8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.     Registration & Continental Breakfast

 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.     Seminar

 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.     Lunch (provided)

 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.     Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks

 Deborah CrawfordPresenter - Deborah L. Crawford



 President of gettechnical inc. She specializes in the education of credit union
employees and officers in the areas of deposit account laws, new account
documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs. Crawford is well known
within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal accounts, and promise to
reach each and every attendee in her seminar.

 Continuing Education Units



 Requests for certificates of attendance are processed after the event. Contact
Janine McBee, CUDE, Sr. Training Director at 800-442-5762 ext. 6634 or email
jmcbee@cornerstoneleague.coop for additional information or questions.

 Educational Investment

 Fee Per Person



 Early Bird - $259

 Regular Rate - $289

 Late Rate - $329



 Walk-ins accommodated on a space available basis. Your investment includes
instruction, extensive handouts, continental breakfast, lunch, and two
refreshment breaks.

 Registrant Cancellation Policy



 Substitutions are always welcome. Registration fee refunds (less a $50
processing fee per person/per seminar) are granted for cancellations received in
writing two weeks prior to the seminar.

 Seminar Cancellation Policy



 Locations with less than twenty (20) registrants two weeks out may be
cancelled. In the event of cancellation, all registrants will be notified.

 Grant Assistance



 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation 's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation Grants
Manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.

 Questions?



 Call 800-442-5762 ext. 6635 or 469-385-6635 or email Cookie Dorsey at
cdorsey@cornerstoneleague.coop



 If you have physical, medical, or dietary needs requiring special attention,
please contact us for proper arrangements to be made. For more information
regarding administrative policies, such as complaint or refund, please contact
us at 800-442-5762 ext. 6630.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:

 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend



 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel

 Date & Location

 Houston, October 3



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CCU

 Room Rate Deadline: September 12

 Register

 Dallas, October 4



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 75244

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CAS

 Room Rate Deadline: September 8

 Register



 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.

 Schedule (for all locations)

 8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.     Registration & Continental Breakfast

 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.     Seminar

 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.     Lunch (provided)

 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.     Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks

 Deborah CrawfordPresenter - Deborah L. Crawford



 President of gettechnical inc. She specializes in the education of credit union
employees and officers in the areas of deposit account laws, new account
documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs. Crawford is well known
within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal accounts, and promise to
reach each and every attendee in her seminar.

 Continuing Education Units



 Requests for certificates of attendance are processed after the event. Contact
Janine McBee, CUDE, Sr. Training Director at 800-442-5762 ext. 6634 or email
jmcbee@cornerstoneleague.coop for additional information or questions.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 747  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:


 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.


<h4>
 Who Should Attend</h4>
 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel
<h3>
 Date & Location</h3>
 <h4 style="margin: 0">
  Houston, October 3</h4>

  Early Bird Deadline: August 25

  Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

  Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

  8181 Airport Blvd.

  Houston, TX 77061

  713-645-3000

  Book a Room

  Group Code: CCU

  Room Rate Deadline: September 12


 <h4 style="margin: 0">
  Dallas, October 4</h4>

  Early Bird Deadline: August 25

  Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

  Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

  4099 Valley View Ln.

  Dallas, TX 75244

  713-645-3000

  Book a Room

  Group Code: CAS

  Room Rate Deadline: September 8


 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.
<h3>
 Schedule (for all locations)</h3>




    8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.

    Registration & Continental Breakfast



    9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.

    Seminar



    12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.

    Lunch (provided)



    1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.

    Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks
<h3>
 Presenter - Deborah L. Crawford</h3>
 President of gettechnical inc. She specializes in the education of credit union
employees and officers in the areas of deposit account laws, new account
documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs. Crawford is well known
within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal accounts, and promise to
reach each and every attendee in her seminar.
<h3>
 Continuing Education Units</h3>
 Requests for certificates of attendance are processed after the event. Contact
Janine McBee, CUDE, Sr. Training Director at 800-442-5762 ext. 6634 or email
jmcbee@cornerstoneleague.coop for additional information or questions.
 <h3>
 Educational Investment</h3>
<h4>
 Fee Per Person</h4>
 Early Bird - $259

 Regular Rate - $289

 Late Rate - $329
 Walk-ins accommodated on a space available basis. Your investment includes
instruction, extensive handouts, continental breakfast, lunch, and two
refreshment breaks.
<h4>
 Registrant Cancellation Policy</h4>
 Substitutions are always welcome. Registration fee refunds (less a $50
processing fee per person/per seminar) are granted for cancellations received in
writing two weeks prior to the seminar.
<h4>
 Seminar Cancellation Policy</h4>
 Locations with less than twenty (20) registrants two weeks out may be
cancelled. In the event of cancellation, all registrants will be notified.
<h4>
 Grant Assistance</h4>
 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation Grants
Manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.
<h4>
 Questions?</h4>
 Call 800-442-5762 ext. 6635 or 469-385-6635 or email Cookie Dorsey at
cdorsey@cornerstoneleague.coop
 If you have physical, medical, or dietary needs requiring special attention,
please contact us for proper arrangements to be made. For more information
regarding administrative policies, such as complaint or refund, please contact
us at 800-442-5762 ext. 6630.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 369  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend



 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel

 Date & Location

 Houston, October 3



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CCU

 Room Rate Deadline: September 12

 Register

 Dallas, October 4



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 75244

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CAS

 Room Rate Deadline: September 8

 Register



 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.

 Schedule (for all locations)

 8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.     Registration & Continental Breakfast

 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.     Seminar

 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.     Lunch (provided)

 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.     Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 19, 2011 Tuesday

Heat affects businesses, recreation

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 765 words


July 19--EDMOND -- Retail is seasonal, but the current heat wave is
extraordinary and local retailers with related goods or services are responding.

Excessive heat watches, warnings and heat advisories are in effect for a large
portion of the central U.S. and Ohio River valley. On Monday, Knoxville, Iowa,
recorded a heat index value of 131 degrees; Oklahoma City saw 106 degrees.

Also on Tuesday Oklahoma City recorded its 29th day of temperatures at or above
100 degrees; just before 4 p.m. it was 103 at the Guthrie-Edmond Regional
Airport. The all-time less-than-desirable record for Oklahoma City, set in 1980,
is 50 days.

Locally, a heat advisory issued by the National Weather Service remains in
effect until 10 p.m. Friday for Edmond and the metro area due to heat index
values reaching from 105-110 degrees each day and little overnight relief with
lows from 75-82 degrees.

Officials encourage residents to try to remain in an air conditioned
environment. Highs will be near 105 Wednesday, 105 Thursday, 102 Friday, 102
Saturday, 102 Sunday and 105 Monday.

Retailers anticipate the seasons and stock relevant merchandise accordingly.
However, the seasons this year have been a bit less than predictable. Joe
Medley, store manager of the Lowe's at 2401 N. Kelly Ave., said to this point in
the year the seasons have ended almost exactly a month early, which is a bit
unusual.

Medley said as contractors have shifted increasingly from outdoor jobs to indoor
work he has been in contact with corporate headquarters to keep pace with
demand, ordering extra shipments of items if needed.

Currently, fans are a particularly hot -- pardon the pun -- item. Numbers
available in stores have varied.

"We've got 'em," Medley said Tuesday.

A large upper level ridge of high pressure is keeping hot temperatures in place.
To beat the heat, many are taking to the water -- or are they?

Last weekend, Arcadia Lake boat numbers were nearly half of where they should
have been and tent camping is pretty much nonexistent, said Nicole Offutt, lake
administrative assistant.

"I don't have numbers at this point, but would say they are definitely down,
partially due to the heat and partially due to the E. coli problems of a couple
of weeks ago," Offutt said. "We are still getting lots of calls asking if we are
still closed."

Most of the lake and parks have never closed. After elevated levels of E. coli
were discovered in swim areas at Edmond Park and Spring Creek Park, those areas
were closed for just a few days -- and all three swim areas are open now.

The city is monitoring the levels at Edmond Park, Spring Creek Park and Central
State Park swim areas through tests.

At the Pelican Bay Aquatic Center, 1034 S. Bryant, Aquatics Manager Jared Prince
said the facility is averaging 933 people per day in total attendance, up
significantly from last season when the average was about 750. So far this year,
in the 50 days it has been open Pelican Bay has had a total of 46,668 visitors
during normal business hours, Prince said.

"We are staying busier than last year," Prince said. "Usually this time of the
season our numbers do go down, but have not this season as of yet."

Prince said all of Pelican Bay's programs have also seen a large influx in
attendance.

"Our swim lesson program has more students than ever," he said.

Pelican Bay had two record nights of attendance for the Dive-N-Movie events,
Prince said. On June 30, 307 people attended, and the last movie night on July
14 -- opening night for Harry Potter -- 220 attended, he said. Before this
season the largest crowd was 110 in 2010.

Elsewhere, OU Medical Center has seen an increase in serious injuries related to
water sport, especially diving accidents.

"The drought has created lower water levels, increasing the chance that places
normally safe for diving  are now too shallow," said Roxie Albrecht, medical
director, OU Medicine trauma services. "At the same time, more people are
turning to the water looking for an escape from the heat, adding to the chances
that someone will be hurt."

OU Medical Center's Trauma One Center recommends that people never dive into
water of unknown depth. More detailed water safety information is available at
www.oumedicine.com/

watersafety.

marks@edmondsun.com -- 341-2121, ext. 108

To see more of The Edmond Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.edmondsun.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Edmond Sun, Okla. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110719-EO-Heat-affects-businesses-recreation-0719-20110719

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2011 The Edmond Sun


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal

                           October 22, 2005, Saturday

New rule could affect coal-fired power plants across Nevada

BYLINE: By John G. Edwards

LENGTH: 499 words



California is considering a rule that could affect the feasibility of coal-fired
power plants in the Silver State, a top Golden State energy official said this
week.

During a meeting at The Mirage with the Nevada Renewable Energy and Energy
Conservation Task Force, Joseph Desmond, chairman of the California Energy
Commission, late Thursday outlined alternatives under consideration for the
so-called greenhouse gas performance standard.

The standard would set requirements for reducing greenhouse gas emissions from
power generation plants.

The standard could affect coal-fired power plant development in Nevada and other
Western states because the standard would restrict the kinds of coal-fired power
plants from which California utilities could buy under long-term contracts, said
Jon Wellinghoff, a Las Vegas attorney for Western Resource Advocates, an
environmental organization. A power plant developer probably would need to sell
at least some electricity to California utilities given the size of the state,
he said.

Desmond outlined several options for reducing the impact of greenhouse gas
emissions from coal-fired plants. Carbon dioxide, one of the greenhouse gases,
could be sequestered or collected and stored in liquid form underground.
Coal-fired plants could employ offsets, which curtail greenhouse gas production.
Power from coal could be blended with biomass to reduce the impact. Another
approach would be to contract for a combination wind and cleaner energy
programs.

Wellinghoff concluded that "California seems committed to reduce carbon in some
manner. It's going to have a very significant impact on the type of coal plants
that can be built, if any, (in Nevada)."

Don Soderberg, chairman of the Public Utilities Commission, said he gets mixed
messages on California's position on use of coal to generate electricity. Some
people seem to accept it, but others say "no coal, no how, no way."

Desmond responded: "We get almost 20 percent of our power from coal." California
recognizes the need to use a diverse mix of fuels to create electricity, Desmond
added.

California wants to take a leadership role in managing energy technology,
Desmond said. He spoke of developing a nondiscriminatory standard for
controlling pollution from energy production. "We can't extend our jurisdiction
beyond our border," Desmond said.

The California commission will hold a hearing on Nov. 4 on the Integrated Energy
Policy Report, which includes the greenhouse gas performance standard. The
commission is expected to vote on adopting part or all of the report on Nov. 21.


-----

To see more of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.lvrj.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Las Vegas Review-Journal

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LV-COAL-POWER-20051022

JOURNAL-CODE: LV

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Phillies Notebook: Phillies GM Amaro not concerned about Mets getting Rodriguez

BYLINE: By PAUL HAGEN; hagenp@phillynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 757 words


LAS VEGAS - Now that the Phillies are busy designing their World Series rings,
it's easy to forget that they didn't exactly dominate the National League East
last season.

In fact, it took a torrid finish, coupled with another Mets collapse. And, even
then, they didn't clinch until the day before the regular season ended.

The clear difference was the bullpens. Phillies closer Brad Lidge was 41-for-41
in save opportunities and the rest of the relievers failed to hold a lead only
15 times. The Mets bullpen, by contrast, had 29 blown saves, including seven by
closer Billy Wagner, who didn't pitch after Aug. 2 because of elbow problems.

So the news that the Mets have agreed to a 3-year, $37 million contract with
Francisco Rodriguez, who set a major league record with 62 saves last season, is
a move that seems as if it should resonate up and down Citizens Bank Way.

"I don't think it affects us much," general manager Ruben Amaro Jr. insisted
yesterday at the winter meetings at the posh Bellagio. "They've had Billy
Wagner, and we still beat them the last 2 years in our division.

"He's going to be a fine addition to their club if, in fact, the deal is
finalized [pending a physical]. But those sorts of things don't affect our
manager and doesn't affect our players. They just go out and play and I think
that they like those challenges.

"This organization does not operate on a reactive basis. We try to do what's
necessary to improve our club. And we can't worry about what the Mets or Marlins
or Atlanta Braves are doing out there. We have a tough enough time worrying
about the Philadelphia Phillies."

Mets manager Jerry Manuel, however, thinks things could have been different if
he had had Rodriguez, or even a healthy Wagner, all of last season.

"Our chances would have been much greater," he said. "To have a guy of that sort
at the end of a ballgame is very important, very critical for us. Or for
anybody."

Making a pitchDuring his Hall of Fame career, Texas Rangers president Nolan Ryan
was known as a workhorse pitcher who thrived despite often running up high pitch
counts.

Not surprising, then, one of his primary goals now is to buck the trend of
having pitchers work less and train them to be able to handle more rigorous
workloads.

"What we're doing may cause criticism when somebody has a [physical] issue," he
conceded yesterday at the winter meetings. "But we're going to have them
throwing more in the bullpen, spending more time on the mound and working on
their conditioning.

"We have a lot of young pitchers who haven't been in this position before. The
unknown is how they'll respond. I think in the next 2 years, we'll have a better
read on where we are.

"I think when you put limits on people, you keep them from learning what they're
capable of doing. When I played, there wasn't anything magical about 100
pitches. It depended on the night. If you were struggling with your mechanics,
100 pitches could be more detrimental than 130 if you weren't."

Ryan doesn't want only to change the mind-set of starters.

"I'm of the theory that each time you go to the bullpen that you increase your
chances that a guy may be a little off that night," he said. "I think we've
really shot ourselves in the foot with all these one-inning deals, one-inning
pitchers. I think a middle reliever should at least be able to go through the
lineup one time."

Going battyFrom July through September of last season, Major League Baseball
collected 2,232 bats that broke during games, as part of an effort to determine
why so many were shattering, endangering the safety of both players and
spectators.

The results of that study were announced yesterday, and included nine
recommendations that have been adopted for the 2009 season.

The Safety and Health Advisory Committee concluded that in the 756 cases when
bats broke into multiple pieces, maple bats were three times more likely to
shatter than ash.

However, there is no recommendation to outlaw the use of maple. The reason is
that the preliminary conclusion is that the breakages were do more to the
"slope" of the grain in the bat handle.

Accordingly, most of the rules that will be implemented regard technical
specifications involving the manufacturing process.

It's expected that by Opening Day, all bats used in big-league games will either
be new or leftover bats that have been certified to meet the standards.

Further research will be conducted to see what impact that ratio between the
width of the handle and the barrel and the drying process have on the frequency
of bats shattering. *


LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                February 2, 2004

The U.S Supreme court will review a 4th circuit case that could affect a large
number of consumers

BYLINE: Sylvia Hsieh

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1274  words


Is a car dealer that violated the federal Truth In Lending Act (TILA) liable for
twice the finance charge in connection with the transaction, or does the statute
cap damages at $1,000?

The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to decide this question.

The court will review a 4th Circuit case that said a car dealer that made
several misrepresentations to coerce a buyer into a higher interest deal must
pay damages equal to twice the amount of the finance charge.

A jury awarded the buyer $24,000 in damages.

The 7th Circuit, the only other circuit to rule on this issue, has held that
damages are capped at $1,000.

The case could potentially affect a large number of consumers.

"There are 45 million car loans per year in the U.S.," said Roy Englert, a
Washington, D.C. attorney who is filing an amicus brief on behalf of the
American Bankers Association, the American Financial Services Association and
the Consumer Bankers Association.

He said the ruling will affect mostly car loans and home equity loans.

A. Hugo Blankingship, an attorney in Alexandria, Va. who represents the
plaintiff, said the decision could signal a "big change in the auto industry,
because they're the ones who violate TILA the most. "

Bernard Brown, a consumer attorney in Kansas City, Mo., said the bait-and-switch
financing tactics seen in this case, known as "yo-yo deals," are a "standard
practice. " Dealers violate TILA by lying to consumers in order to force them
into paying a bigger down payment or signing a deal at a higher rate, which
produces higher profits when the contract is sold to a financing company.

Englert predicted that if the court affirms the 4th Circuit, it will "unleash a
rush tide" of TILA litigation, because it will give consumers and plaintiffs'
lawyers a much greater incentive to bring suits.

But Brown disagreed, noting that TILA doesn't even cover car loans over $25,000.

"I don't know a lot of people who want to trot to court for that. It's not much
incentive," he said, adding that TILA claims generally involve an "unappetizing
battle" of long fights over small damages and highly technical regulations.

The Supreme Court's decision is expected this term.

Used Chevy Blazer

The plaintiff in the 4th Circuit case, Bradley Nigh, tried to trade in his car
and purchase a 1997 used Chevy Blazer from the defendant, Koons Buick.

The plaintiff paid $4,000 down, traded in his old truck and signed a loan
contract, leaving the dealership with the Blazer.

The dealer didn't sign the contract, telling the plaintiff it would do so only
after a lender agreed to purchase the loan.

Three weeks later, the dealer told the plaintiff a lender would not purchase the
loan unless he put an additional $2,000 down. When the plaintiff asked to return
the truck, take back his trade-in and walk away, the dealer falsely told him
that his trade-in had already been sold, so he could not withdraw from the deal.

The plaintiff signed a new contract promising to pay the additional down
payment, even though he told the dealer he couldn't afford it. Several days
later, the dealer left a message with his brother telling him it still couldn't
assign the contract and threatening to arrest the plaintiff for stealing the
Blazer unless he signed a third contract.

Fearing arrest, the plaintiff signed the contract. He later learned that his old
car hadn't been sold but had been repossessed from the dealer and that the
reason the second contract was unacceptable was because it contained a charge
for a "car alarm silencer" that wasn't on the original papers.

The plaintiff sued under TILA and a state consumer protection statute. A jury
awarded him $24,192 under TILA and $4,000 under state law.

The dealer challenged the verdict, citing a 1983 case in which the 4th Circuit
said that statutory damages for all individual actions under TILA are capped at
$1,000. (Mars v. Spartanburg Chrysler Plymouth, 713 F.2d 65).

But the 4th Circuit said the dealer's reliance on that case was misplaced in
light of a 1995 amendment to TILA.

Before the amendment, under 15 U.S.C. Sect. 1640(a)(2)(A), a TILA violator was
liable in the amount of: "(2)(A)(i) in the case of an individual twice the
amount of any finance charge in connection with the transaction, or (ii) in the
case of an individual action relating to a consumer lease ... 25 [percent] of
the total amount of monthly payments under the lease, except that the liability
under this subparagraph shall not be less than $100 nor greater than $1,000. "

In 1995, Congress added: "or (iii) in the case of an individual action relating
to a credit transaction not under an open end credit plan that is secured by
real property or a dwelling, not less than $200 or greater than $2,000. "

The 4th Circuit ruled that in light of the amendment, the $1,000 cap only
applied to consumer leases.

"The inclusion of the new maximum and minimum in (iii) shows that the clause
previously interpreted to apply to all of (A) can no longer apply to (A), but
must now apply solely to (ii), so as not to render meaningless the maximum and
minimum articulated in (iii). As a consequence of the 1995 amendment, the
damages that may be awarded under subparagraph (i) are now simply 'twice the
amount of any finance charge in connection with the transaction,' and the
court's instruction that if [the dealer] violated TILA [the plaintiff] was
'entitled to twice the [entire] finance charge' was proper," the court held.

A dissenting judge complained that there was no evidence that when Congress
amended the statute that it intended to override "the 4th Circuit's longstanding
application of the $1,000 cap to both (2)(A)(i) and (2)(A)(ii). "

Statutory Interpretation

Both sides agree that the case may turn on how the court defines "subparagraph.
"

This is because the statute says that the $1,000 limitation at the end of (ii)
applies to "this subparagraph. "

The plaintiff will argue that under the plain language of the statute,
"subparagraph" can only apply to (ii), not the entire section, because that
would conflict with the $2,000 cap under (iii).

"Ours is the basic reading of the statute. The case is a straightforward
statutory interpretation," said Allison Zieve, a staff attorney with Public
Citizen Litigation Group in Washington D.C., which is assisting the plaintiff's
attorney.

"If (i) and (ii) are both subparagraphs, then (iii) must also be a subparagraph.
Either they are all subparagraphs, or none are subparagraphs," said
Blankingship.

Conversely, the defense is expected to argue that "this subparagraph" has always
been interpreted by courts to apply to all of (2)(A), i.e. both (i) and (ii).

Englert contends that the new language was simply tacked on to put a specific
limitation on real estate transactions.

"If Washington has a rule that you can make right turns on red, but then I post
one sign that says 'No turn on red,' that doesn't mean all bets are off on the
rest of the intersections," he said.

Sid Moore, an Atlanta consumer attorney, conceded that $1,000 has been treated
as the cap on damages since the statute was enacted in 1968.

But Blankingship said that doesn't make the interpretation correct.

"Their argument is 'We've been doing it for so long that it's got to be right. '
[But] the 4th Circuit said now we have more information on how to interpret the
statute," he said. "If that was Congress' intent, they could have drafted it
that way. If they wanted to keep (i) and (ii) [under the $1,000 limit] and add
(iii) for real estate loans, they could have. But they didn't. "

U.S. Supreme Court. Koons Buick Pontiac GMC, Inc. v. Nigh, No. 03-377.
Certiorari granted January 20, 2004. Ruling below: 319 F.3d 119 (4th Cir. 2003).

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Snow, cold affect plowing, materials use

BYLINE: Valerie Myers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 979 words


Feb. 19--Snow and persistent cold this winter are eating away at anti-icing
materials on hand to clear area roads.

With four weeks to go until spring, Harborcreek Township crews so far this
winter have put down 1,380 tons of salt, compared with 1,200 tons through an
average winter.

Corry this week tied last winter's total of 538 tons used and topped 2013-14
antiskid use by about 300 tons.

"It's been a long winter," Corry public works Superintendent Terry Williams
said. "We got more snow last year, but it came and went and there were periods
when it warmed up and thawed. This year it got cold and stayed there."

Erie had 91.3 inches of snow through Tuesday, compared with 120.6 inches through
February 2014. The temperature at Erie International Airport on Monday dropped
to minus 18, tying Erie's all-time low.

Such extreme cold affects plows and other snow-removal equipment, said Aaron
Fox, maintenance manager for the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation in
Crawford County.

"We've had no terrible problems, but over the last week or so we had diesel fuel
in a half-dozen trucks gel up," Fox said. "We had to tow a couple; the others
were able to get in to the garage."

Below-zero temperatures also affect equipment hydraulics, Fox said.

"When the temperature gets down, especially below zero, we try not to run any
more equipment than we absolutely have to run to clear the roads, because of the
likelihood of things freezing up," he said.

Clearing the roads is more difficult in single-digit and subzero cold. Salt
doesn't melt snow or ice at surface temperatures below 15 to 20 degrees.
Antiskid made of sand or fine stone is mixed in with salt to help provide
traction, but even that has its limits.

"When temperatures get so cold, we don't have anything that's able to burn
through ice and snow," Fox said. "And when it gets so cold, it presents other
problems. We switch to a lot higher percentage of antiskid and put a little salt
in to try to keep the antiskid from freezing."

Sunshine early this week took some of the sting out of the cold and warmed road
surfaces. In Harborcreek on Tuesday, road temperature reached 25 degrees,
according to remote sensors, or 15 degrees warmer than air temperature. Township
road crews took advantage of the "warm-up" to spread more salt.

"With the sun out, salt and antiskid together work a little better. Today, we
could see what's on the roads burn off immediately," Harborcreek Township
Supervisor Joe Peck said Tuesday.

Erie streets crews have been giving special attention to streets narrowed by
snow and to whittling down mounds of snow at intersections. They've been closing
sections of streets and prohibiting parking there while crews are at work,
public works Director Doug Mitchell said last week.

Erie crews have been using more salt than normal to clear streets this winter
but are "pretty much on course" for the season in overtime, even with the
focused plowing, Mitchell said.

PennDOT Crawford County maintenance crews had been on track for an average
winter in salt use and personnel costs. That changed a couple weeks ago, Fox
said.

"With the weather these last two weeks, we've probably been above average in
materials usage. And when storms hit on the weekends, as they have in recent
weeks, it hurts us a lot more. We get into double-time situations with our
crews," he said.

In Corry, where temperatures on Monday registered at minus 28, a new
second-shift road crew has helped to reduce manpower costs, Williams said. The
first shift works from 7 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., the second shift from 7 p.m. to 3:30
a.m.

The additional shift not only cuts down on overtime but on response time,
Williams said.

"We don't have to call out a salt crew after their regular shift and wait for
them to come back in. It's been helpful having folks here on site and out
removing snow sooner during snow and ice events," she said.

Other municipal and PennDOT crews are also below or on par with average snow
removal costs.

PennDOT's Erie County maintenance crews have put down an estimated 22,500 tons
of salt so far this winter, compared with 33,374 tons last winter and 26,727
tons through an average winter. Overtime costs have been about average,
spokesman Jim Carroll said.

Millcreek Township has helped cut overtime costs by getting crews still on the
clock out on the roads before storms, said Gary Walters, head foreman for the
township streets department.

"We've been really proactive this year. Pulling the trigger a little prematurely
and taking advantage of people who are on duty before they check out has helped
keep costs down," Walters said.

Overtime for Millcreek streets crews is down 20 percent from mid-February 2014,
Millcreek Township Supervisor Brian McGrath said.

Millcreek so far has used almost 6,000 tons of salt, compared with 8,000 tons in
2013-14. Lower snowfall doesn't always equate with lower salt use, McGrath said.

"It all depends on how storms happen," he said. "If we receive two to three
inches at a time a couple of times, we use more salt than when we receive a foot
of snow."

The good news is that additional salt is readily available as state and
municipal road crews need it. Though stockpiles at Erie's docks are depleted and
no more ships will be bringing salt in this winter, it's being trucked in from a
Cleveland-area mine, said Matt Sandell, scale house manager at Erie Sand and
Gravel.

And so far, deliveries have been relatively prompt, Peck said.

"We had problems with that once the lake froze last year; it took three to four
weeks to get salt," he said. "This year it's only taking five to seven days, and
we're expecting a delivery next week."

VALERIE MYERS can be reached at 878-1913 or by e-mail. Follow her on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNmyers.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150219-EI-Snow-cold-affect-plowing-materials-use-0219-20150219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday

Negotiations could affect size of GE Transportation layoff in Erie

BYLINE: Jim Martin, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1078 words


April 10--The plan GE Transportation announced Tuesday was both concrete and
specific. The company identified the product lines that would be moved to Texas
and the 950 union and 100 management jobs that Erie would lose.

But that might not be the last word on the subject.

Sources inside and outside the company said Tuesday that they remain hopeful
that some or all of the job cuts might be avoided.

In an interview Tuesday, Lorenzo Simonelli, chief executive of GE
Transportation, said the company and the union representing production workers
will enter into a 60-day period of so-called decision bargaining.

That process leaves open the possibility of union concessions that could reduce
or even eliminate the loss of jobs, said Erie County Executive Barry Grossman,
who spoke with Simonelli on Tuesday.

Grossman said he was told "those changes could be forestalled or even negated
depending on the outcome of that process."

The company's plan, which would eliminate 950 union jobs and 100 on the
management side, would transfer the production of AC locomotives and additional
mining-vehicle wheels production to the company's new plant in Fort Worth,
Texas.

A slump in mining and a corresponding slowdown in locomotive demand are behind
temporary layoffs of about 200 people that the company also announced Tuesday.

But the plan to shift work to Texas is rooted in the need to be competitive in a
global marketplace, Simonelli said.

The company's chief competitor, Caterpillar Inc., pays its locomotive assembly
workers about half as much as GE Transportation workers earn in Erie. Workers at
the nonunion GE plant in Texas also earn less than their union counterparts in
Erie.

"Certainly there is a wage advantage," said Richard Simpson, vice president of
global supply for GE Transportation.

But higher productivity at the Fort Worth plant is an even bigger factor,
Simonelli said.

Simpson said the combination of a new factory and work rules that allow for
greater flexibility combine for a productivity advantage of about 20 percent.

Decision looms

For now, though, hundreds of Erie employees at GE Transportation can only
speculate about what will happen in the next two months.

The reality of the moment is that GE Transportation's union employees are facing
the possibility that more than a fourth of them could be gone in a few months.

Roger Zaczyk, president of Local 506 of the United Electrical, Radio and Machine
Workers of America, said that's at odds with what the company said when it
announced the Texas plant two years ago this month.

"GE told us the Fort Worth facility would be an overflow facility and the new
Texas plant would only complement the work done by our members in Lawrence
Park," he said. "At no point prior to today had GE informed us that the new
Texas plant would have such a dramatic impact on our members' jobs."

Zaczyk said he's puzzled by the suggestion that different work rules might make
a difference in the local plant's viability.

"We have never negotiated work rules with the General Electric," he said. "It's
their rules. We don't negotiate that."

What the company did negotiate in 2010 -- in exchange for the company agreeing
to recall 145 laid-off workers -- was a move to reduce the number of job
classifications from 25 to 16.

Zaczyk said he's not convinced that a few concessions from the union will prompt
the company to set aside its plans.

"Look at the history of GE," he said. "Look at the lamp industry, look at
Appliance Park. It was the same ploy. It was the same script. They said just a
few people would have to take a competitive wage, but they never brought the
work in."

Erie County Councilman Kyle Foust said he thinks the company has put the union
in a tough spot.

"GE certainly has every right to do what they are doing but I find it odd that
they would announce the movement of jobs and then signal to the union it's up to
them (and by extension the community) to mitigate the job losses through
concessions," he said in a prepared statement. "Talk about backing someone into
a corner. I don't think that is a proper or credible way of negotiating
progress."

Others, including Barbara Chaffee, president of the Erie Regional Chamber and
Growth Partnership, remain hopeful that labor and management can find middle
ground.

"Our GE labor force here in Erie is so professional and skilled that my hope
would be they would be able to find a way to go forward both on flexibility and
productivity," she said. "This is a workforce so skilled that they can easily
move between job tasks."

Erie reacts

Reaction to GE Transportation's announcement flooded in from all directions
Tuesday.

Erie Mayor Joe Sinnott said Simonelli assured him the company remains committed
to Erie, reminding him of a recent $140 million investment in the plant.

"It's still very troubling to us as a community to lose nearly 1,000 jobs and
whatever the ripple effects might be on some of the suppliers that are largely
businesses in this community," Sinnott said.

Others reacted more personally.

"My daughter is crying her eyes out," said one man whose son-in-law works for
the company.

Another GE employee, who asked that his name not be used, said he was worried
about this job after losing jobs at two other Erie plants that closed.

"It would be dejÃ  vu for the third time," he said.

Jim Kurre, professor of economics at Penn State Behrend and director of the
Economic Research Institute of Erie, gave the bad news a number.

If all of the planned cuts take place, he said, Erie County's unemployment rate
would grow seven-tenths of a percentage point.

"It's bad news," he said. "There is no doubt about it."

Simonelli acknowledged Tuesday that the plan was unhappy news for Erie. He
stressed, however, that the company remains committed to Erie and northwestern
Pennsylvania.

"These are difficult times and this is a difficult announcement," he said.

The unanswered question now is where that announcement will lead.

Zaczyk, whose term as union president ends Friday, said he's confident that
union leadership will do all it can to preserve jobs.

"Our goal here is to keep as many people working as long as we can," he said. "I
believe we have the ability go beyond emotions and take care of the members."

Staff writers Ed Palattella and Erica Erwin contributed to this report.

JIM MARTIN can be reached at 870-1668 or by e-mail.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130410-EI-Negotiations-could-affect
-size-of-GE-Transportation-layoff-in-Erie-0410-20130410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Negotiations could affect size of GE Transportation layoff in Erie

BYLINE: Jim Martin, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


April 09--GE Transportation is eliminating as many as 950 jobs at its Lawrence
Park plant and moving that work to Fort Worth, Texas.

That move was confirmed this morning by Lorenzo Simonelli, the company's chief
executive.

Simonelli and other officials left open the possibility that the size of the
transfers could change based on possible union negotiations.

Officials from the company, Erie County's largest employer, are meeting at this
hour with employees to spell out details of the plan, which would shift
production of AC locomotives and some additional mining-wheel production to the
Texas plant.

This move comes just weeks after the first Evolution locomotive was completed at
the company's new Texas plant.

The decision was driven in part by the company's need to compete in a global
marketplace, Simonelli said.

The company's chief competitor, Caterpillar Inc., pays its locomotive assembly
workers about half as much as GE Transportation workers in Erie. Workers at the
nonunion GE plant in Texas also earn less than their union counterparts in Erie.

"Certainly there is a wage advantage," said Richard Simpson, vice president of
global supply for GE Transportation.

Simonelli said the Fort Worth plant also offers a productivity advantage of
about 20 percent.

That greater productivity is a result of the modern layout of the new factory
and work rules that allow for greater flexibility, Simpson said.

Simonelli said today's cuts are subject to a negotiating process with the union
leadership in Erie.

Erie County Executive Barry Grossman, who spoke to Simonelli today, said GE
officials assured him the company is open to keeping some or all of the 950 jobs
in Erie, based on negotiations with the union.

Grossman said Simonelli and the others said "those changes could be forestalled
or even negated depending on the outcome of that process. I asked them that
three times."

"I have to take them at their word," Grossman said Tuesday, "that they are going
to allow the process to be the ultimate determiner as to whether the worst part
of this announcement comes to fruition -- 950 jobs."

For more coverage, turn to Wednesday's Erie Times-News and GoErie.com.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130409-EI-Negotiations-could-affect
-size-of-GE-Transportation-layoff-in-Erie-0409-20130409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Creston News Advertiser (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 16, 2012 Monday

Weather affects Southwestern baseball team

BYLINE: Scott Vicker, The Creston News Advertiser, Iowa

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 408 words


April 16--Plans are uncertain at this time for the Southwestern Community
College baseball team following Saturday night's tornado in Creston.

The team was scheduled to play a four-game set Saturday and Sunday in
Marshalltown, but decided Friday the weather looked too bad to try playing the
games.

"Friday we looked at the weather and said 'let's wait.' We decided to play
Monday and Tuesday," Southwestern head baseball coach Brian "Bull" Smith said
Sunday. "There's no way we can play tomorrow because our kids can't even come in
and get their stuff. We've got guys all over the place -- we've had kids go home
to Omaha and Des Moines."

Smith said he will meet with SWCC Athletic Director Bill Krejci and Dean of
Students Matt Thompson today to put together a plan of action for the Tuesday
and Wednesday games.

"That's where we're at right now. We'll figure it out in the morning," Smith
said. "If we play, we'll play. We haven't been able to get together in about
four or five days, but it's junior college baseball -- we'll roll off the bus
and play when we can."

The Spartans are scheduled to host Indian Hills for a doubleheader Wednesday
afternoon.

Smith said damage caused by Saturday's tornado to the baseball field was limited
to one tree being knocked down and the outfield fence being knocked down in
left-center field.

"Our outfield fence is down in the left-center area," Smith said. "We've had
problems with that before, and got it fixed, but it's blown down again. I was
kind of surprised; I think there was only one tree down and it was dead anyway."

According to Smith, Wednesday's game may be moved to Indian Hills because of the
damage to the field.

The actual playing surface at the field was not damaged, however.

"We put the tarp down on Thursday evening, because we thought we might get some
rain," Smith said. "The first thing I got a text from one of the players saying
the outfield fence was down, but the tarp was still there. I thought that thing
would be in another county the way the wind was blowing."

Smith said he expects to be able to play this weekend's games at home, when
Southwestern is scheduled to host Southeast Nebraska Saturday and Sunday.

"The quicker we can get students back on campus, the sooner we can get back to
normalcy," Smith said.

___ (c)2012 the Creston News Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) Visit the Creston News
Advertiser (Creston, Iowa) at www.crestonnewsadvertiser.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120416-IK-Weather-affects-Southwestern-baseball-team-20120416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IK


                   Copyright 2012 The Creston News Advertiser


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               KSWB-TV, San Diego

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday

Storm affects several places in county

BYLINE: Jenn Karlman, KSWB-TV, San Diego

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Feb. 19--SAN DIEGO --

San Diego got soaked by a heavy winter storm overnight, and snow fell on the
mountains above Pine Valley.

It wasn't as big of a storm as San Diego saw in December, but mother nature
dumped on the region Friday night and parts of Saturday, leaving several places
around the county flooded.

More than three inches of rain fell across wide sections of East County,
according to National Weather Service. Totals included 3.3 inches near Dulzura
and at Otay Mountain, and 3.2 inches at both the Cameron Fire Station and at
Boulevard.

Rising water forced closure of dips in Colgate Road at State Route 76 was just
after 7 a.m., said San Diego County Sheriff's Lt. Jim Walker.

Falling snow means vehicles need chains to navigate Sunrise Highway into the
Laguna Mountains, north of Interstate 8, Walker said. He said the roads would be
closed and chain requirements would be in effect on Sunrise Highway for most of
the day.

Chad Craig and his family were driving from Yuma, AZ and were trying to cross
the mountains.

"We just tried to go through the Laguna Mountains and they wouldn't let us go
because we didn't have snow chains," said Craig. "So we decided to go to the
beach."

From about 10am till 3pm, the clouds disappeared and the sun came out.

"We thought it was going to be pouring down rain when we came out here today,
but it was rather nice," said bodyboarder Brandon Fox.

Friday night's rain flooded several streets including Paradise Valley Road in
Springvalley near Interstate 125.

Country Club Drive in Escondido was also closed because of rising water.

Lifeguards in Pacific Beach, Ocean Beach and Mission Beach gave out sandbags for
residents.

"Mother nature will always throw you a curve ball, so you take it as it comes
and you plan accordingly and hope it works out," said Ocean Beach lifeguard Sgt.
Travis Gleason.

To see more of KSWB-TV, go to http://www.fox5sandiego.com/. Copyright (c) 2011,
KSWB-TV, San Diego Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110219-5KS-Storm-affects-several-places-in-county-0219-20110219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KS


                                 Copyright 2011

                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday

BRIEF: Projects to affect traffic on two Santa Fe streets

BYLINE: The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 153 words


Aug. 02--Construction work will affect traffic on a couple of Santa Fe streets
this week, a city news release warned.

Canyon Road will be closed from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. Monday, Aug, 3, from Acequia
Madre to East Palace Avenue for installation of a new water line.

Traffic detours will be placed and the city urges motorists to seek another
route.

Starting Tuesday, Aug. 4, Siringo Road from Llano Street to St. Francis Drive
and the intersection of Camino Carlos Rey will be partially closed in sections
while a contractor does paving work.

Crews will work between the hours of 7 a.m. and 6:30 p.m., with a completion
date of Aug. 14.

Traffic in both directions will remain open during the work, but drivers may
experience temporary delays on occasions.

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150802-SF-BRF-Projects-to-affect
-traffic-on-two-Santa-Fe-streets-0802-20150802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican

                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      October 10, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

Gwinnett Opinions: VOICE OF GWINNETT: Most think chairman can influence growth

BYLINE: BENIN DAKAR, ALAN HOWARD, JACK ROWLEY, RICHARD MOORE, LINDA GROETZINGER,
DEBORAH LIBERATORE, RICK WILLIAMSON, JIM LONG, CARLA LARRIEU, TIFFANY WEEMS,
LOUISE STAFFORD, RICK WALDORF

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Gwinnett News; Pg. 4JJ

LENGTH: 478 words


How much influence do you think the Gwinnett County Commission chairman has on
growth in Gwinnett County?

The chairman has a great amount of power on growth and development

in Gwinnett. 44%

The chairman can sometimes affect, but not control the growth

in Gwinnett. 32%

The chairman has little influence over growth and development

in Gwinnett.  6%

No opinion. 18%

Because of rounding, numbers may not total 100.

--- The Voice of Atlanta is prepared for the Internet and analyzed by the
Marketing Workshop Inc.

Benin Dakar, Snellville

Sometimes affect, but not control.

The chairman or chairwoman (hey, the job is not designated to any gender) can
make the growing pains easier, but Gwinnett is attractive, and people are going
to keep coming.

Alan Howard, Lawrenceville

Sometimes affect, but not control.

The chairman has the power to influence growth and development, but it is
ultimately the entire commission that votes. He does not single-handedly decide.

Jack Rowley, Duluth

Great amount.

The attitude of the chairman will affect the rest of the commission. It can also
affect down deeper into county government. The chairman can take a stance that
uncontrolled growth will not be tolerated.

Richard Moore, Dacula

Great amount.

I believe developers have often had their way over the complaints of residents,
and the commissioners have often stayed out of the way, instead of standing
firm.

Linda Groetzinger, Lilburn

Great amount.

I have gone to the courthouse on a number of issues about development in my area
and, no matter how many people we have there with us protesting or if our
speakers give a good argument, the commissioners always vote for the developer,
led by the chairman.

Deborah Liberatore, Duluth

Little influence.

Every county in the country that is near a big city eventually goes through the
same problems as Gwinnett. The older cities up North experienced this 50 years
ago.

Rick Williamson, Lawrenceville

Great amount.

He is the main architect of the budget and the county's plan. He can set the
mood of the county.

Jim Long, Norcross

Sometimes affect, not control.

He can recommend laws to govern growth, but he cannot control the influx of
people any better than he can control the birth rate.

Carla Larrieu, Lawrenceville

Sometimes affect, not control.

Well, he doesn't personally call people to move here. If anything, it is the
people here who brag about the quality of life in Gwinnett.

Tiffany Weems, Lawrenceville

Great amount.

Louise Stafford, Snellville

Sometimes affect, not control.

All of the commissioners vote. The chairman has one vote.

Rick Waldorf, Norcross

Little influence.

There is really nothing that can stop growth in this area.

To have your voice included as part of Voice of Gwinnett, go to
ajc.com/voiceofgwinnett.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Benin Dakar; Photo: Alan Howard; Photo: Jack Rowley; Photo:
Richard Moore; Photo: Linda Groetzinger; Photo: Deborah Liberatore; Photo: Rick
Williamson; Photo: Carla Larrieu; Photo: Tiffany Weems

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

LENGTH: 272 words


David A. Harris

Age: 57

Residence: Point Breeze

Family: Wife, Rebecca; children, Alicia and Sam

Education: B.A. in political science, Northwestern University, 1980; J.D., Yale
University, 1983; L.L.M., Georgetown Law, 1988.

Notable: This month, Harris addressed prosecutors at a White House conference to
talk about subconscious racial biases "" deep-seeded racial stereotypes that can
subconsciously affect how prosecutors handle cases, even if they don't hold
racist beliefs. Prosecutors can consciously double-check their decisions on an
individual level and use data to track cases on an office-wide level to ensure
those biases don't affect cases, and gradually eliminate them, he said.

Background: Harris has long studied how search-and-seizure laws affect police
behavior, and has worked with hundreds of police departments across the country
and a few international departments on issues of racial profiling. He teaches
criminal law, criminal procedure, evidence and a seminar on the HBO series "The
Wire" at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law.

Quote: "It's not about your personal beliefs; it's about how stereotypes act on
a subconscious level to affect behavior. What to charge, whether to offer a
plea, what sentence to recommend ... all can be affected by the unconscious
biases we all have if we're not careful, thoughtful and collecting data."

"" Matthew Santoni,"We basically break the law, and then, we mail our sermons to
the IRS, since we believe it's between pastors and God."

The Rev. Tim Throckmorton

The Circleville, Ohio, pastor uses his pulpit for political purposes, in
violation of federal rules.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Changes will affect gas pipeline

BYLINE: Melinda J. Overstreet, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1271 words


March 14--A Texas-based natural gas pipeline company plans to "abandon" some old
but still active line that runs through several states, including Kentucky, and
build sections of new line in its place, according to an application made to the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

Other miscellaneous changes are planned as well.

In Kentucky, Barren County is among the places a 24-inch pipeline spans and that
would be affected by the change.

"The facilities proposed to be abandoned consist primarily of one of multiple
looped parallel pipelines that comprise approximately 964 miles of mainline
pipeline facilities between Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana, and Columbiana
County, Ohio," the application from Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co. says.

The company, owned by Kinder Morgan, has been in operation since 1943, according
to a legal notice of the application that appeared recently in the Daily Times.
Despite its name, its principal office is in Houston, Texas, according to the
notice.

Kinder Morgan owns or operates about 80,000 miles of pipelines that carry
"natural gas, refined petroleum products, crude oil, carbon dioxide and more,"
according to the company's website.

These looped lines on the Tennessee Gas Pipeline "are generally located
side-by-side and are tied together at regular intervals allowing all parallel
lines to operate together seamlessly," the application says.

Those portions of pipeline, though, would not truly be "abandoned" in the
traditional sense of the word. Once they are disconnected from the natural gas
line, the company plans to sell those facilities to its affiliate, Utica
Marcellus Texas Pipeline LLC, for conversion to natural gas liquids service,
according to the application. So, one of the parallel lines will be part of the
abandonment process and eventually carry natural gas liquids, while the other
line running alongside it would continue to carry natural gas, confirmed Melissa
Ruiz, manager of corporate communications for Kinder Morgan.

She said UMTP was not an existing company; it is, for now, a legal entity set up
under Kinder Morgan, but it has no assets yet.

To replace the capacity that would otherwise be lost by relinquishing those
portions of its pipeline, TGP proposes to construct and operate approximately
7.6 miles of new pipeline looping in Carter and Lewis counties in Kentucky and
four new compressor stations, all in Ohio. The company also plans to add two
compressor units at an existing station in Kentucky and add a unit at station
proposed to be constructed in Kentucky under a separate application.

The new compressor units and new station in Kentucky are in the central and
northeastern areas, but a map included in the application illustrates two
potential "workspace locations" and a future UMTP pump station that appears to
be in the same location where a "tap workspace" currently is in Barren County.

"The activities planned for Barren County are limited to activities associated
with disconnecting the abandoned line and possibly relocating existing customer
taps ... to separate the abandoned line from the TGP system," Ruiz said.

One of the Barren County workspaces would be among 82 main line valve locations
that will receive "minor modifications," she said, and the other would be
involved in the relocation of the tap, which is the access point on TGP for
customer receipts or deliveries.

Tennessee Gas Pipeline is requesting that the FERC grant the necessary
authorizations by Feb. 15, 2016, which the application says would allow the
company to complete acquisition of property for the new compressor station
locations, procure materials, construct the new replacement facilities and begin
reconfiguration of its system by the second quarter of 2016.

Elsewhere in the application, it says construction activities are anticipated to
commence late in the first quarter of 2016 and last approximately two years,
wrapping up at the end of 2017.

Typically, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission makes a decision within 12
to 18 months, said Tamara Young-Allen, a public affairs specialist for the FERC,
but that timeline is not guaranteed.

"They take as much time as needed to address the concerns that the public may
have raised," she said. "They look over the entire record, and then they make a
decision."

The estimated total cost for the project is $412 million, but UMTP is
reimbursing Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co. -- "Tennessee" as it refers to itself in
the application -- for the entire cost of the replacement facilities and all
construction costs related to the abandonment of those portions of the line, the
application says. UMTP would also mitigate any increased fuel costs the new
compression facilities would have for the first 10 years of their operation, it
says.

"There will be no adverse impact on Tennessee's rates ...," according to the
application. "Tennessee's customers will not subsidize the Project."

Further, it will cost "Tennessee" less over the years to operate and maintain
the replacement facilities than it would have the abandoned segments, which were
put into service in the 1940s and 1950s, it says.

UMTP would be "required to undertake extensive testing and any remediation
required to bring the line up to all pipeline safety standards for pipelines
transporting liquid hydrocarbons," according to the application.

The 34-page document says all abandonment activities, including the
disconnection process, "are small in scope and will take place, with must minor
exceptions, within the existing right-of-way and previously disturbed areas."

FERC process Upon receipt of the application, FERC issued a notice of the
application that has been posted on its website. It states the deadline of 5
p.m. EDT March 23 for those who wish to comment in support of or opposition to
the project and any who want to intervene or be a party to the process,
Young-Allen said.

"We're really early in the process," she said, noting the application was
submitted Feb. 13.

FERC staff will conduct and environmental study and prepare a report.

"We'll be on the ground; we'll be down there checking things out. We aren't just
looking at the maps," said Young-Allen, whose office is at the Washington, D.C.,
headquarters of FERC.

That report will also be posted on the FERC website in its eLibrary, the link
for which is at the very top of the FERC homepage. The library is searchable
using the first seven characters of the docket number, and all associated
documents are listed, although some are not public. The complete docket number
is CP15-88-000.

Then it goes to the commission members for their consideration, she said.
Although the group only meets monthly, it makes decisions on a daily basis based
on the information that is distributed among them. When the decision is ready,
it is also posted on the website.

Any party to the application then has 30 days to file a petition for rehearing
-- essentially an appeal -- and the commission has 30 days to address that
request, Young-Allen said.

Other options to appeal beyond that would involve the U.S. Court of Appeals and
then the U.S. Supreme Court, she said.

The exact instructions for commenting and for becoming a party are in the notice
of application. The option is also there to comment and be kept up to date on
just the environmental aspects. Comments may be made through an online process
or through traditional mail.

Several have already filed motions to become intervenors, including the
Tennessee Valley Authority.

___ (c)2015 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150314-GK-Changes-will-affect-gas-pipeline-0314-20150314

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2015 Glasgow Daily Times

                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  May 8, 2004 Saturday All but Toronto Edition

Elliot's criminal past won't affect winning ride: Kentucky derby: Jockey pleaded
guilty to assault three years ago

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Richard Rosenblatt

SECTION: Sports; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 503 words

Toronto-born Kentucky Derby winning jockey Stewart Elliott pleaded guilty to
assault three years ago, but didn't disclose the information when applying for a
licence to ride at Churchill Downs.

His failure to do so is unlikely to affect Elliott's winning ride aboard Smarty
Jones in last Saturday's Derby, though the 39-year-old rider could face
disciplinary action, the Kentucky Horse Racing Authority said yesterday.

It also raises questions about his riding status for next Saturday's Preakness,
the second leg of the Triple Crown.

Messages left on Elliott's cellphone yesterday weren't immediately returned. His
agent, Ray Lopez, said Elliott made a mistake when filling out the form to ride
in Kentucky.

The form, a copy of which was obtained from the Kentucky racing authority,
includes eight questions, one of which asks if the applicant has been arrested,
indicted or convicted or has pleaded guilty to any criminal offence within the
last 10 years.

Elliott checked "no" because, according to his agent, the jockey did not realize
the time frame was 10 years.

"He made a mistake," Lopez said. "We've talked to stewards in Kentucky and
Maryland and everything is cleared up. It won't affect the Derby, and it's not
going to affect the Preakness."

Elliott pleaded guilty in June 2001 to aggravated assault stemming from a fight
with a friend inside the man's Burlington County, N.J., home in 2000. Elliott
was sentenced to one year of probation and ordered to pay US$13,900 to cover the
victim's medical bills, according to court records.

Elliott beat Alexander Kovakik with a beer bottle, pool cue and wooden stool,
according to the grand jury indictment charging the jockey with aggravated
assault, possession of a weapon and unlawful possession.

The latter two charges were dropped after Elliott agreed to plead guilty.

In April, 2002, a judge cut short Elliott's probation by two months after his
lawyer said New Jersey racing officials would not renew his jockey's licence.

Disclosure of a criminal record doesn't automatically disqualify a jockey from
obtaining a license in Kentucky.

If an application has been falsified, a jockey could face fines, suspension,
revocation or "other disciplinary measures," according to the Kentucky racing
authority.

Kentucky racing officials planned to investigate, but it could be two weeks
before a decision is issued, said racing authority spokesman Billy Reed.

"We're confident this will have no bearing whatsoever on the outcome of the
Kentucky Derby," Reed said.

Michael Hopkins, the executive director of the Maryland Racing Commission, said
Elliott has been granted a licence, but would not reveal whether the jockey
disclosed his criminal record on the form.

Even if he did, Hopkins said, that wouldn't necessarily mean Elliott's request
for a licence would be rejected.

"It's depending on what the offence was," Hopkins said.

Hopkins said he was unaware of Elliott's guilty plea but added, "I'll have my
investigators look into it."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Crime

               Copyright 2004 National Post, All Rights Reserved

                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Weekend events to affect Erie traffic

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


May 20--Three events will affect the flow of traffic around Erie this weekend.

The Erie Zoo Parade on State Street on Saturday will force the closing of
east-west streets from South Park Row to 11th Street and from 13th to 17th
streets from 9:30 a.m. to 2 p.m.; and 18th Street from Peach to French streets.
The closings will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. The streets will reopen as the parade
clears, city officials said.

City officials are also advising motorists to watch out for bicyclists
participating in the Lake Erie-Allegheny Earth Force Bike Around the Bay on
Saturday. Participants will ride a route from Seminole Drive to the Bayfront
Parkway between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m.

On Sunday, traffic will be interrupted temporarily from 1:15 to 2:15 p.m. while
participants in Mercyhurst College's graduation march from the Avalon Hotel to
the Erie Civic Center. The march is along West 10th Street to State Street, then
to Ninth Street along State, and then to French Street along Ninth, city
officials said.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110520-EI-BRF-Weekend-events-to-affect-Erie-traffic-0520-20110520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News

                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

Storage, temperatures affect food safety

BYLINE: Caitlin Heaney, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


Sept. 25--Keeping your guests healthy when serving up a plate of hamburgers at
your next football party can be as simple as adjusting how you store your
ingredients.

The order in which foods are placed in a refrigerator can affect food safety, as
meat can contaminate other items if they come in contact, said Nicole Bucher,
spokeswoman for the state Department of Agriculture.

Ms. Bucher recommended storing vegetables on a refrigerator's top shelf and meat
on the bottom tier to prevent the meat or its juices from tainting other foods.
If raw meat comes in contact with a tomato used to garnish a hamburger, for
instance, pathogens will remain on the uncooked tomato.

"You want to store those two items as far apart as possible," she said.

Cleanliness and care also count when shopping. Pick up dairy, eggs and meat last
and then refrigerate them as soon as possible once home, Ms. Bucher said.

"In those warm conditions is where bacteria like to grow, and that can really
make you sick," she said.

For safety when preparing food, people should wash their hands before they start
as well as in between handling different foods to prevent cross-contamination,
Ms. Bucher said. They also should wipe off their counters not only with water
but also with a cleaning product like Clorox wipes.

"You want to clean and sanitize your food contact surfaces," Ms. Bucher said.

And when organizing the refrigerator, people also can check its temperature,
which Ms. Bucher said should be set no higher than 41 degrees. Meat should be
cooked at 135 degrees or higher, she said, and anywhere in between those two
temperatures is considered the "danger zone for where you might have some
food-safety issues."

When conducting inspections, the state looks for similar qualities in
restaurants, checking for handwashing, cleaning and sanitation.

"The standards are a bit more strict for a restaurant, but it's definitely
always good to follow those basic food-safety principles," Ms. Bucher said.

Contact the writer: cheaney@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100925-YT-Storage-temperatures-affect-food-safety-20100925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune

                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday

Andrzejewski: FirstEnergy reductions will affect Eastlake budget

BYLINE: Cassandra Shofar, The News-Herald, Willoughby, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 651 words


Aug. 17--Mayor Ted Andrzejewski says he understands FirstEnergy's decision to
reduce operations at its Eastlake plant, but he's concerned about its economic
impact.

"Obviously we're disappointed, but I know it's a business decision on their part
and I'm also hopeful once the economy picks up and businesses start purchasing
more electricity, that the company will be full strength again," he said.

FirstEnergy said the decision, announced last week, was made because of lower
demand and uncertainty over proposed new federal environmental regulations.

The changes -- which also will affect smaller coal-fired units in Ashtabula,
Cleveland and Oregon, Ohio -- are to reduce operating costs and provide more
predictability while maintaining availability for future operations, as needed,
FirstEnergy said.

"While we've seen signs of economic recovery in the first half of this year
compared with 2009, customer demand is still well below 2008 levels," said Gary
R. Leidich, executive vice president of FirstEnergy and president of FirstEnergy
Generation Corp. "As a result, our smaller, load-following plants have been
called upon to operate less frequently.

"By reducing operations at these facilities, we will better match our generation
with our expected customer loads and position our company to comply with
ever-increasing environmental regulations."

The Eastlake plant, run by subsidiary FirstEnergy Generation Corp., has 245
employees and up to 113 will be temporarily reassigned, the company said.

"They're not shutting our plant down, which is good, so we're still
operational," Andrzejewski said. "But it is going to require an adjustment in
our budget because that's going to be 113 jobs no longer paying that 2 percent
income tax that people who work in Eastlake pay to the city."

He added, "Based on the information we have, that's an estimated $150,000 in
revenue a year. That's significant. That would equate to almost two police
officers, two firemen and two service workers. I mean that's the stuff we have
to look at now for next year."

According to FirstEnergy, during the period of September 2010 through August
2011, the affected units will operate with a minimum three-day notice and in
response to customer demand, such as during summer and winter extreme weather
conditions, when FirstEnergy anticipates the units will dispatch more
frequently.

Beginning in September 2011, for about 18 months, the Eastlake and Oregon, Ohio,
plants will be operational only in the winter and summer months, and the
Ashtabula and Cleveland plants will be temporarily idled.

As a result of the operating changes at the plants, the company estimates it
could write off up to $287 million in value related to the assets. This
write-off could result in a reduction of up to 59 cents per share of common
stock in the third quarter of 2010.

The changes are subject to review by the Midwest Independent Transmission System
Operator; PJM Interconnection, which is a regional electric transmission
organization; and the independent market monitors to ensure that there is no
negative impact on system reliability.

In 2009, FirstEnergy Generation Corp. took steps to minimize the use of these
plants in response to the slowing economy. These steps included dispatching all
the units on an economic basis and establishing a three-day start time with MISO
for the Cleveland and Ashtabula plants. Since that time, the units have been
called upon to operate on a limited basis.

To see more of The News-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.news-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The News-Herald, Willoughby,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100817-WL-Andrzejewski-FirstEnergy-reductions-will-affect
-Eastlake-budget-20100817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WL


               Copyright 2010 The News-Herald of Willoughby, Ohio

                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                               Sun Bancorp, Inc.

                              350 Fellowship Road
                            Mount Laurel,  NJ 08054
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


SBC is a bank holding company offering a range of financial and banking
solutions. Strong Capital adequacy, improved bottom-line performance and broad
product and service portfolio are the key strengths of the company, even as
declining cash position and decrease in total deposits remain areas of concern.
In future, fluctuations in interest rates, intense competition, and changing
regulations may affect the company's business performance. However, growing US
economy, business restructuring initiatives and growing cards and payments
industry in the US will provide ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad product and service portfolio is a major strength. SBC
offers an array of commercial banking, consumer banking and wealth management
services to individual, small and medium-sized businesses and corporate
institutions. Its key products and services include checking accounts, savings
accounts, certificate of deposits, debit cards, credit cards, term loans,
mortgages and equipment financing. It also provides life insurance, pension
plans, mutual funds, letters of credit and individual retirement accounts. The
services offered by the company include online banking, Internet banking,
lock-box, and remote deposit and securities brokerage services. The broad
product and service portfolio enables the company to cover diversified markets
and attract customers, which in turn will boost its revenues and market share.

STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Sound capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. Good capital management enabled the
company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required to maintain
a total capital ratio of 11.50%, Tier 1 capital ratio of 9.50% and leverage
capital ratio of 8.50%. The company reported total capital ratio of 19.11%, Tier
1 capital ratio of 17.91% and leverage ratio of 12.39% during FY2015, exceeding
the regulatory requirements. Prudent capital management of the company
strengthened its capital, which in turn will enable it to withstand periods of
banking stress.

IMPROVED BOTTOM-LINE PERFORMANCE


SBC reported improved bottom-line performance during FY2015. The company
reported an operating income of US$11.4 million in FY2015, compared with an
operating loss of US$28.5 million in FY2014. In addition, the company reported a
net income of US$10.2 million in FY2015, compared with a net loss of US$29.8
million in FY2014. Sale or consolidation of certain branches, reduction in
operating expenses and positive operating cash flows are the major reasons for
the improved bottom-line performance. Improved bottom-line performance helps the
company to pursue its growth plans, aggressively.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


The decline in the company's total deposits may be a concern, as it may affect
the customer's confidence. SBC had exhibited decrease in its total deposits
during FY2015. The company's total deposits declined from US$2,091.9 million in
FY2014 to US$1,746.1 million in FY2015, representing an annual decline of 16.5%
over previous year. The decrease in total deposits of the company was primarily
due to decline in demand deposits, time deposits time deposits of the company in
FY2015. Such decrease in total deposits weakens the company's financial position
and may decline its lending capabilities.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and due from
banks declined from US$42.5 million at the end of FY2014 to US$21.8 million at
the end of FY2015, representing a decline of 48.7%. Decline in cash and due from
banks may be due to decreased value of its short-term asset holdings such as
short-term government bonds, marketable securities, and weak cash inflow.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.4% in FY2015 and is expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. Increase in consumer
consumption and purchases; favorable monetary policy and decreasing unemployment
rate are expected to be the major growth drivers for the US economy. Growth in
economy indicates growth in financial services sector in the country. This is
likely to increase the demand for the financial products and services in the
country. As a provider banking and other financial products and services in the
US, the company is likely to benefit from the growing economy.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. SBC, a provider of debit and credit
cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

BUSINESS RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES


The company's recent business restructuring activities will help it to focus on
its core activities effectively and improve its business performance. As a part
of its strategic focus, in October 2015, the company rebranded its brand visuals
and messaging platform. This may help the company in to focus on its efforts to
top the market place. In September 2015, the company renamed its financial
services division from the existing Sun Financial Services, LLC to Prosperis
Financial Solutions, LLC. Earlier in March 2015, SBC announced the completion of
the sale of seven branch locations to Sturdy Savings Bank and recorded a net
gain of US$9.2 million. In the same month, the company announced the
consolidation of nine branch offices into eight nearest branches. This may help
the company to consolidate its least operating branches in to branches with
greater deposits base and helps in providing maximum efficient services to its
customers. These restructuring initiatives will help the company to improve its
performance in its credit, operational and profitability metrics and allow the
company to focus on its core business activities. Such initiative will allow SBC
to further streamline its business operations and in-turn realizes better
returns from its core businesses.


THREATS:


CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. For instance, the changes in the Dodd-Franck Act in the US, have
impacted the financial services industry in the US that included significant
changes in capital adequacy requirements, interchange fees, deposit insurance
assessments, mortgage lending practices, consumer protection and lending limits
set by the Act. This is likely to impact the capital reserves of the company as
it needs to comply with the set rules. The company's profitability is also
influenced by the changes in international regulatory capital initiative, Basel
III, under which the regulatory authority raised the minimum capital limits
maintained by the company in order to protect its customers from bankruptcies.
Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have a negative
impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

INTENSE COMPETITION


The competitive financial services market may adversely affect SBC's
profitability in case of the company's inability to retain and attract clients
and customers. It competes with banking and non banking financial services
companies offering loans, deposits, merchant services, consumer lending,
consumer deposit gathering and mortgage loan origination, consumer products,
fiduciary services, investment management and advisory services, and sale of
insurance products, among others. A few of its competitors include Cape Bancorp,
Inc, Community Bank System, Inc, ConnectOne Bancorp Inc, First Commonwealth
Financial Corporation, Lakeland Bancorp, Inc and Metro Bancorp, Inc. The company
should come up with an innovative way of serving its customers so as to sustain
itself in the highly competitive financial services market. This increasing
competition may also hamper its market position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 20, 1989, Friday

DAMAGE TO ROADS, PORTS MAY AFFECT FARM GOODS

BYLINE: PAULA L. GREEN; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 600 words


Many California exporters of agricultural products escaped unscathed from the
earthquake that shook the northern part of the state Tuesday, but others are
waiting to see how damage to roads, bridges and shipping facilities will affect
their operations.

''There's a cloud of uncertainty at the ports in the Bay Area. We're waiting,"
said Steven Easter, vice president of government relations at Blue Diamond
Growers, a farming cooperative for almond and other tree-nut growers that is
based in Sacramento. "This is our biggest shipping month for the olidays,
especially to Europe."

The cooperative derives about 70 percent of its nearly $ 500 million in sales
from exports, and most of the foreign-bound goods are shipped through the Port
of Oakland, Mr. Easter said.

Company officials expect to know by the end of the week whether they must truck
goods to a Southern California port. Officials are also looking at how the
damage to roads and bridges in the Bay Area will affect transportation of goods
to the Port of Oakland.

Several exporters based outside the immediate Bay Area said they escaped
unscathed from the earthquake, which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale. More
than 270 people died, 1,400 were injured and physical damage has been estimated
to exceed $ 1 billion.

Some businesses experienced only a disruption in telecommunications services.

"We had congestion in our telephone lines and with faxing and telexing
(Wednesday)," said Sandra McBride, communications manager for Sun Diamond
Growers of California. "But we weren't completely down. People just kept
trying."

The cooperative, based in Pleasanton, about 10 miles east of San Francisco,
processes, markets and transports the goods of about 5,000 growers of walnuts,
raisins and prunes.

But officials at exporting and processing operations for several San
Francisco-based business groups, including Valley Growers, a cannery, and the
California Council of International Trade, did not answer their telephones.
Officials at California Hawaiian Sugar, a Concord, Calif., company that imports
and processes sugar from Hawaii, did not answer their telephones Thursday
either.

Ms. McBride said exports account for about 20 percent of the cooperative's $ 570
million in annual sales. But the exports, many of which are bound for European
buyers, can still be shipped through area ports, including the Port of Oakland,
she added.

The group, which also trucks goods to the Port of Los Angeles, uses trucks for
most of its domestic shipments, which were not disrupted.

The timing of the harvesting season helped Blue Anchor Inc., a fresh fruit
marketingorganization based in Sacramento, escape without economic damage, said
Dennis Icardi, president and chief executive officer.

The season for peaches, plums and nectarines just passed and the kiwi fruit crop
is now being packaged, Mr. Icardi said. The group is still shipping some of its
table grapes to the domestic market and Canada.

"We don't have a lot of exports now," said Mr. Icardi, adding that Blue Anchor
uses shipping facilities in San Francisco, Oakland, Los Angeles and Long Beach.

"Most agriculture in the Central Valley has the flexibility to rebound from an
earthquake," he added.

Donald Gordon, executive vice president at the Agricultural Council of
California, agreed that Central Valley growers were not affected by the
earthquake or the damage to transportation facilities in the Bay Area. The bulk
of commodities produced in the area, such as rice, are shipped through ports in
Sacramento and Stockton, Mr. Gordon said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: CALIFORNIA EARTHQUAKE

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           November 2, 1999, Tuesday,

Let summer people vote? Not on this Mainer's life;
 A recent suggestion that Maine abuses its out-of-state property owners falls on
deaf ears.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 9A, MAINE VOICES

LENGTH: 707 words


In Henry Precht's Oct. 23 column, "Summer people simmering to a slow boil," he
said he feels "summer people" are being oppressed in the state of Maine by not
being allowed to vote on issues that affect them in the towns where they pay
taxes. (Property taxes, that is -- they don't pay Maine income tax.)

A medium- to low-income Maine family that no longer can afford a good property
for themselves might find the word "oppressed" insignificant compared to the
dilemma they are faced with, i.e., having thousands of acres of Maine forests,
streams, etc., owned by out-of-state individuals or companies for the exclusive
use and enjoyment of a handful of top executives or friends.

The property has "no trespassing" signs all over it, and Maine residents have to
find another place for their families to enjoy. Maine coastal property ownership
follows a similar pattern, with out-of-state ownership at an all-time high and
still climbing.

Precht feels a person earning a six- to seven-digit salary, who travels to and
from his office in New York City to his estate in Connecticut, should not have
to pay the nonresident rates for a Maine hunting and fishing license since he
owns property and pays property taxes in Maine. These are the same individuals
whom Precht feels should be allowed to vote on town issues that affect them.

This would result in summer people proclaiming everything that happens in their
town affects them in one way or another. Precht may feel he can sell this idea
to the average Maine resident, but I don't think he can.

If these summer people are overflowing with good ideas, then perhaps they would
be kind enough to step forward and share them with the resident townspeople for
possible consideration. There is a major difference between sharing and
governing. Might I suggest to nonresident summer people that you enjoy Maine's
towns and cities and leave the governing to the Maine residents. They really are
a nice bunch of people with an abundance of common sense.

Precht's column mentions that "Most lakefront property is owned by
out-of-staters." (Amen!) He goes on to say these out-of-staters wish to be
allowed to vote on issues that affect them. The results of such votes would have
to be administered and carried out by the town.

A Maine town is happy to carry out the wishes of its Maine residents who vote at
town meetings. Being governed by out-of-state voters might not sit too well with
these good Maine residents. It would be the equal of "absentee management,"
where a few people make the rules, then go away and leave the problems of
administering those rules to those that remain.

It doesn't work in business, and won't work with out-of-staters calling the
shots for Maine towns. Keep in mind that out of staters have financially pushed
many Maine residents out of their towns, and could well have the majority votes
on issues, after which the remaining Maine residents would have to abide by
these out-of-staters' votes.

To suggest summer people be allowed to vote on issues that affect them in towns
they own property in, is to suggestsummer people be allowed to govern Maine
towns. It would be instantaneous from the time summer people were allowed to
vote that 99 percent of all town issues would in their opinion be "affecting
them." They would eventually lay claim to the issue of what color the sign on
the town hall should be.

These nonresident summer people surely evaluated the towns they purchased
property in. They must have come to the conclusion that they were nice places to
live. Why can't they be satisfied enjoying the town, instead of attempting to
"take it over" at the polls?

Yes, out-of-staters spend many dollars in Maine. They are as fortunate that
Maine is here for them to enjoy as Maine is to receive the revenue.

There might be a way to obtain input from nonresident summer people, but this
isn't it. Perhaps volunteering to pay Maine income tax would be a start.

Do I speak for all Maine residents? Absolutely not. They are quite capable of
speaking for themselves at town meetings, etc. Actually, I question if Precht
speaks for the nonresident summer people. They seem to be a lot less demanding
then he portrays them to be.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  --- Special to the Press Herald Don Hardy, a Mainer, lives in Sanford.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

File photo Town meetings are run just fine by year-round residents;

 thank you.

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.

                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 1, 2013 Wednesday

Cuts unlikely to affect Interstate project

BYLINE: Jim Leute, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


May 01--JANESVILLE -- A proposal by Gov. Scott Walker's administration to delay
work on two Milwaukee-area interchange projects should not have a material
effect on the proposed expansion of Interstate 90/39 between the Illinois state
line and Madison, a state spokeswoman said Tuesday.

Walker's administration on Monday advanced a list of possible spending cuts that
the state Joint Finance Committee could consider to help close a $63.4 million
shortfall in the state's road fund over the next two years.

The proposal includes:

--Delaying work on the I-94 North-South and Zoo Interchange projects in
Milwaukee, saving $33 million.

--Cutting money for repaving and repairing state highways by $12.3 million.

--Reducing major highway program funding by $7.3 million, which is less than 1
percent of the total amount budgeted for major highway expansion, including the
Interstate 90/39 project, said department spokeswoman Peg Schmitt.

The 2013-15 budget includes about $70 million for the local project, with the
majority of construction spending forecast in 2015 and beyond.

--Cutting transportation aid to local governments by $4.3 million.

--Decreasing payments for the Hiawatha passenger trains to Chicago by $1.1
million.

--Cutting routine highway maintenance by $2.5 million.

Material from Gazette wire services was used in this story.

___ (c)2013 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130501-JG-Cuts-unlikely-to-affect-Interstate-project-20130501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2013 The Janesville Gazette

                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Sequestration furloughs affect Mitchell, Chamberlain Guard

BYLINE: Chris Mueller, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


July 24--Furloughs starting next month will affect 55 South Dakota National
Guard employees in Mitchell and Chamberlain.

According to Terry Ommen, a Guard spokesman, 47 of the Guard's employees in
Mitchell and another eight in Chamberlain will be forced to take unpaid days off
beginning next month as a result of federal budget cuts.

The furloughs will require certain Guard employees to take 11 unpaid days off
from Aug. 2 to Sept. 30. Employees affected by the furlough will lose nearly
$4,200 in pay, or 20 percent of their annual paycheck.

The employees affected in the Mitchell area are mostly technicians working in
the Guard's maintenance shops, Ommen said.

The furloughs are the result of government sequestration meant to reduce the
federal budget deficit, Ommen said. The federal government intends to cut $1.1
trillion from the budget over the next 10 years. Ommen said 540 full-time
employees out of the Guard's 958 employees statewide will be affected by the
furloughs. "There are definitely some challenges from a morale perspective,"
Ommen said. Ommen said the employees affected by the furloughs understand the
cuts are out of the Guard's control. "We're just working together to make sure
we maintain a level of readiness to meet both our state and federal missions,"
he said.

Last year, the Guard relocated six units across the state to save money. Units
in Platte, Winner and Salem were among those relocated. The Platte and Winner
units relocated to Wagner and Rapid City, and the Salem unit relocated to
Yankton.

No Guard employees in Wagner will be affected by the furloughs.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130724-JQ-Sequestration-furloughs-affect
-Mitchell-Chamberlain-Guard-0724-20130724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Republic

                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

How reassessment and taxes affect one another

BYLINE: Ed Palattella, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


March 18--The assessed value of a property affects the amount of its property
taxes, but the relationship can be complicated, particularly during a
reassessment.

As Erie County's reassessment proceeds, here are some points to consider, based
on interviews with assessors and others close to the county's reassessment.

- By law, a reassessment is supposed to be revenue-neutral. It is supposed to
lead to a redistribution of the property tax burden -- with some property owners
paying less and some more -- without leading to an overall increase in property
tax revenue.

- After the 2003 reassessment, the last one the county conducted, much of the
shock came when the Erie School District increased real estate tax revenue by 10
percent -- the maximum percentage then allowed under law after a reassessment.

- The Legislature in 2006 eliminated the 10 percent loophole for school
districts and tightened post-reassessment tax rules for other taxing
authorities. But a homeowner still could see property taxes increase after a
reassessment.

- That increase could be due to a large increase in the assessed value of a
property, even if the local taxing authorities do not increase taxes.

- However, even if a property's assessed value stays the same in a reassessment,
the property taxes could go up if any of the local taxing authorities -- the
county, the municipality or the school district -- raises millage rates.

- Overall, the current reassessment saw the total taxable value of property
increase in Erie County by 25 percent, or to $14.7 billion from about $12
billion, said Scott Maas, director of the Erie County Assessment Bureau.

- In general, Maas said, that 25 percent increase means property owners will
likely not see their taxes go up if their assessed values drop or if the values
increase less than 25 percent.

- The increase in the taxable value of all properties means local taxing
authorities also must adjust the value of a mill, which they levy to raise
taxes.

- The drop in the value of a mill must correspond with the rise in the overall
value of taxable properties in the county.

This relationship is detailed, but only for county taxes, in the reassessment
notices the Assessment Bureau has been mailing since March 2.

ED PALATTELLA can be reached at 870-1813 or by e-mail.

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120318-EI-How-reassessment-and-taxes-affect-one-another-0318-20120318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News

                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 Alert! New BSA Regulations



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend



 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel

 Date & Location

 Houston, October 3



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CCU

 Room Rate Deadline: September 12

 Register

 Dallas, October 4



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 75244

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CAS

 Room Rate Deadline: September 8

 Register



 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.

 Schedule (for all locations)

 8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.     Registration & Continental Breakfast

 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.     Seminar

 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.     Lunch (provided)

 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.     Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks

 Deborah CrawfordPresenter - Deborah L. Crawford



 President of gettechnical inc. She specializes in the education of credit union
employees and officers in the areas of deposit account laws, new account
documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs. Crawford is well known
within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal accounts, and promise to
reach each and every attendee in her seminar.

 Continuing Education Units



 Requests for certificates of attendance are processed after the event. Contact
Janine McBee, CUDE, Sr. Training Director at 800-442-5762 ext. 6634 or email
jmcbee@cornerstoneleague.coop for additional information or questions.

 Educational Investment

 Fee Per Person



 Early Bird - $259

 Regular Rate - $289

 Late Rate - $329



 Walk-ins accommodated on a space available basis. Your investment includes
instruction, extensive handouts, continental breakfast, lunch, and two
refreshment breaks.

 Registrant Cancellation Policy



 Substitutions are always welcome. Registration fee refunds (less a $50
processing fee per person/per seminar) are granted for cancellations received in
writing two weeks prior to the seminar.

 Seminar Cancellation Policy



 Locations with less than twenty (20) registrants two weeks out may be
cancelled. In the event of cancellation, all registrants will be notified.

 Grant Assistance



 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation 's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation Grants
Manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.

 Questions?



 Call 800-442-5762 ext. 6635 or 469-385-6635 or email Cookie Dorsey at
cdorsey@cornerstoneleague.coop



 If you have physical, medical, or dietary needs requiring special attention,
please contact us for proper arrangements to be made. For more information
regarding administrative policies, such as complaint or refund, please contact
us at 800-442-5762 ext. 6630.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 Alert! New BSA Regulations



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend



 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel

 Date & Location

 Houston, October 3



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CCU

 Room Rate Deadline: September 12

 Register

 Dallas, October 4



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 75244

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CAS

 Room Rate Deadline: September 8

 Register



 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.

 Schedule (for all locations)

 8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.     Registration & Continental Breakfast

 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.     Seminar

 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.     Lunch (provided)

 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.     Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks

 Deborah CrawfordPresenter - Deborah L. Crawford



 President of gettechnical inc. She specializes in the education of credit union
employees and officers in the areas of deposit account laws, new account
documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs. Crawford is well known
within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal accounts, and promise to
reach each and every attendee in her seminar.

 Continuing Education Units



 Requests for certificates of attendance are processed after the event. Contact
Janine McBee, CUDE, Sr. Training Director at 800-442-5762 ext. 6634 or email
jmcbee@cornerstoneleague.coop for additional information or questions.

 Educational Investment

 Fee Per Person



 Early Bird - $259

 Regular Rate - $289

 Late Rate - $329



 Walk-ins accommodated on a space available basis. Your investment includes
instruction, extensive handouts, continental breakfast, lunch, and two
refreshment breaks.

 Registrant Cancellation Policy



 Substitutions are always welcome. Registration fee refunds (less a $50
processing fee per person/per seminar) are granted for cancellations received in
writing two weeks prior to the seminar.

 Seminar Cancellation Policy



 Locations with less than twenty (20) registrants two weeks out may be
cancelled. In the event of cancellation, all registrants will be notified.

 Grant Assistance



 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation 's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation Grants
Manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.

 Questions?



 Call 800-442-5762 ext. 6635 or 469-385-6635 or email Cookie Dorsey at
cdorsey@cornerstoneleague.coop



 If you have physical, medical, or dietary needs requiring special attention,
please contact us for proper arrangements to be made. For more information
regarding administrative policies, such as complaint or refund, please contact
us at 800-442-5762 ext. 6630.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 Alert! New BSA Regulations



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend



 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel

 Date & Location

 Houston, October 3



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CCU

 Room Rate Deadline: September 12

 Register

 Dallas, October 4



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 75244

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CAS

 Room Rate Deadline: September 8

 Register



 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.

 Schedule (for all locations)

 8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.     Registration & Continental Breakfast

 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.     Seminar

 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.     Lunch (provided)

 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.     Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks

 Deborah CrawfordPresenter - Deborah L. Crawford



 President of gettechnical inc. She specializes in the education of credit union
employees and officers in the areas of deposit account laws, new account
documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs. Crawford is well known
within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal accounts, and promise to
reach each and every attendee in her seminar.

 Continuing Education Units



 Requests for certificates of attendance are processed after the event. Contact
Janine McBee, CUDE, Sr. Training Director at 800-442-5762 ext. 6634 or email
jmcbee@cornerstoneleague.coop for additional information or questions.

 Educational Investment

 Fee Per Person



 Early Bird - $259

 Regular Rate - $289

 Late Rate - $329



 Walk-ins accommodated on a space available basis. Your investment includes
instruction, extensive handouts, continental breakfast, lunch, and two
refreshment breaks.

 Registrant Cancellation Policy



 Substitutions are always welcome. Registration fee refunds (less a $50
processing fee per person/per seminar) are granted for cancellations received in
writing two weeks prior to the seminar.

 Seminar Cancellation Policy



 Locations with less than twenty (20) registrants two weeks out may be
cancelled. In the event of cancellation, all registrants will be notified.

 Grant Assistance



 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation 's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation Grants
Manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.

 Questions?



 Call 800-442-5762 ext. 6635 or 469-385-6635 or email Cookie Dorsey at
cdorsey@cornerstoneleague.coop



 If you have physical, medical, or dietary needs requiring special attention,
please contact us for proper arrangements to be made. For more information
regarding administrative policies, such as complaint or refund, please contact
us at 800-442-5762 ext. 6630.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 Alert! New BSA Regulations



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. There are four elements
to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and three elements that
affect consumer accounts. It is going to take you a year or so to see how to
retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on your system, and how
to document legal entity accounts with 25% beneficial owners and on all
accounts, how to ask transactional questions to risk rate your member for the
purpose of monitoring for anti-money laundering. This is going to be a very
integrated process and we want to begin to understand how this is all
interconnected in your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk rating questions. If you are a small or large
institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend



 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training and all branch managers
and personnel

 Date & Location

 Houston, October 3



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CCU

 Room Rate Deadline: September 12

 Register

 Dallas, October 4



 Early Bird Deadline: August 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: September 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 75244

 713-645-3000

 Book a Room

 Group Code: CAS

 Room Rate Deadline: September 8

 Register



 Business casual dress is appropriate. Bring a jacket or sweater as room
temperatures vary.

 Schedule (for all locations)

 8:30 a.m. - 9:00 a.m.     Registration & Continental Breakfast

 9:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.     Seminar

 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.     Lunch (provided)

 1:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m.     Seminar



 *includes 2 refreshment breaks

 Deborah CrawfordPresenter - Deborah L. Crawford



 President of gettechnical inc. She specializes in the education of credit union
employees and officers in the areas of deposit account laws, new account
documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs. Crawford is well known
within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal accounts, and promise to
reach each and every attendee in her seminar.

 Continuing Education Units



 Requests for certificates of attendance are processed after the event. Contact
Janine McBee, CUDE, Sr. Training Director at 800-442-5762 ext. 6634 or email
jmcbee@cornerstoneleague.coop for additional information or questions.

 Educational Investment

 Fee Per Person



 Early Bird - $259

 Regular Rate - $289

 Late Rate - $329



 Walk-ins accommodated on a space available basis. Your investment includes
instruction, extensive handouts, continental breakfast, lunch, and two
refreshment breaks.

 Registrant Cancellation Policy



 Substitutions are always welcome. Registration fee refunds (less a $50
processing fee per person/per seminar) are granted for cancellations received in
writing two weeks prior to the seminar.

 Seminar Cancellation Policy



 Locations with less than twenty (20) registrants two weeks out may be
cancelled. In the event of cancellation, all registrants will be notified.

 Grant Assistance



 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation 's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation Grants
Manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.

 Questions?



 Call 800-442-5762 ext. 6635 or 469-385-6635 or email Cookie Dorsey at
cdorsey@cornerstoneleague.coop



 If you have physical, medical, or dietary needs requiring special attention,
please contact us for proper arrangements to be made. For more information
regarding administrative policies, such as complaint or refund, please contact
us at 800-442-5762 ext. 6630.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 23, 2015 Monday

Little change predicted for V.I. in hotels' merger Westin St. John says data
breach did not affect its customers

BYLINE: Ashley Mayrianne Jones, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 241 words


Nov. 23--The Westin St. John Resort was not one of the hotels affected by the
data breach that allowed hackers to see credit and debit card information for
guests of Starwood Hotels and Resorts properties, according to general manager
Tina Cranford.

Starwood Hotels and Resorts reported hackers were able to see cardholders'
names, as well as card numbers, security codes and expiration dates, for
customers who dined or shopped at 54 of its hotels. The malware found in payment
systems at hotel restaurants, gift shops and other retail areas has since been
removed, according to Starwood.

The breach did not include payment at front desk locations where guests pay for
their stay, Starwood said.

Westin is one of Starwood's 11 international brands, and the Westin St. John
Resort is currently the only Starwood affiliate in the U.S. Virgin Islands.

However, the St. John location was not affected, according to a list of hotels
that had been hacked provided by Starwood. Affected hotels include Westin, W,
and Sheraton locations in Florida, Boston, Los Angeles, New York and Puerto
Rico, according to Starwood.

In some locations, the breach began as early as November 2014, according to the
list.

- Contact Ashley Mayrianne Jones at 714-9130 or ajones@dailynews.vi

___ (c)2015 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151123-1VI-Little-change-predicted-for-V-I-in-hotels-merger-Westin-St-John-say
s-data-breach-did-not-affect-its-customers-1123-20151123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2015 The Virgin Islands Daily News

                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Repairs will affect water service

BYLINE: Greg Larry, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


April 20--CUMBERLAND -- Repairs beginning Monday to water lines in front of The
Kensington at the intersection of Greene and Washington streets are expected to
leave residents in the West Side, south of Greene Street, and in Ridgeley, West
Virginia, without service for much of Tuesday.

Five major valves are in a deteriorated state in the downtown area, according to
city officials. The repair in front of The Kensington is expected be the first
in a multiphase effort to fix the aging water lines.

An update on the water issues was given Tuesday at the regular meeting of the
mayor and City Council.

The water problems have led city officials to enlist the help of contractor Carl
Belt Inc. to replace the large valves in the downtown area.

The work in front of the Kensington will consist of excavating the lines on
Monday and replacing the valve and deteriorating pipes on Tuesday.

"Once they (Carl Belt) start, they will stay there until the job is done," said
Jeff Rhodes, city administrator. "By Tuesday night everyone will have water."

The repair work on Tuesday will begin at 5 a.m. and is expected to be completed
in eight to 15 hours.

Downtown valves in a deteriorated state include a 30-inch valve, the largest, at
the intersection of Mechanic and Baltimore streets. Others include 14-inch and
12-inch valves on Baltimore Street, a 12-inch valve on Harrison Street and the
20-inch valve in front of The Kensington.

Water problems in front of the assisted living facility were first noticed on
March 15.

"What the crews encountered could not be repaired that night," said Rhodes.
"Because of the level of the water outage we wanted to get additional materials
and help."

Once The Kensington area work is complete, repairs on the other aging valves
will begin two to three weeks later.

John DiFonzo, city engineer, said the work to repair the additional four valves
will cause some disruptions to homes and businesses downtown.

"Right now the plan is to do it (excavating work) on a Saturday and doing the
repairs on a Sunday," said DiFonzo. "We want to have the least disruption to
service possible."

The city will place notices of service interruptions on the doors of impacted
homes and businesses.

"There is no way around inconveniencing folks," said Rhodes. "But we can plan it
and therefore provide better notice for folks to try to plan around and mitigate
things."

The water line work will also cause some traffic flow issues. However, the city
said any detours will be clearly posted for motorists.

City officials also said the milling and paving on South Centre and Valley
streets will begin the week of April 25.

___ (c)2016 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160420-UM-Repairs-will-affect-water-service-0420-20160420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2016 Cumberland Times-News

                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday

Hatchery tampering affects Ashe, other counties

BYLINE: Nathan Ham, Jefferson Post, West Jefferson, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 265 words


April 12--MARION -- Rivers in 12 counties across western North Carolina,
including the New River in Ashe County, will be faced with having fewer number
of trout stocked in them this fishing season after over 150,000 rainbow trout
were killed at the Armstrong Creek Hatchery in McDowell County.

As first reported by WLOS TV in Asheville, three arrests were made on Friday
after an investigation revealed that a group of individuals had tampered with
the water flow at the hatchery, causing the mass fish kill.

However, the damage has already been done.

Other hatcheries throughout the state will help make up for part of the loss
suffered in Marion, but no matter how much they do help out, the size and amount
of trout in the waters will decrease.

According to the N.C. Wildlife Commission, the hope is that all future trout
stockings for this fishing season will be able to take place on time. Along with
other hatcheries increasing their supply of fish, food supplies will also be
increases at several hatcheries to increase the size of the fish. Several of the
dead fish measured in as much as 10 inches long.

Support from outside North Carolina is starting to come in as well. The South
Carolina Department of Resources and the Virginia Department of Game and Inland
Fisheries are offering whatever help that the N.C. Wildlife Commission may need.

Nathan Ham can be reached at 336-846-7164 or followed on Twitter @NathanHam87

___ (c)2015 the Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, N.C.) Visit the Jefferson Post
(West Jefferson, N.C.) at www.jeffersonpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150412-1WJ-Hatchery-tampering-affects
-Ashe-other-counties-0412-20150412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WJ


                         Copyright 2015 Jefferson Post

                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday

Federal salmon ruling could affect McKenzie

BYLINE: Christian Hill, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 901 words


Feb. 02--A Eugene-based conservation group says a recent court decision may
bolster its lawsuit seeking to curtail the state's release of hatchery salmon
into the McKenzie River.

Last month, a federal judge in Portland ordered federal and state fish managers
to do more to ensure that hatchery fish don't harm wild salmon and steelhead
this year on the Sandy River.

The ruling could force a reduction in the release of hundreds of thousands of
juvenile fish from the state-operated hatchery in the Sandy River basin and mean
fewer hatchery fish returning to the river for anglers to catch in future years.

The Sandy River has its headwaters west of Mount Hood. It flows into the
Columbia River east of Portland.

Eugene-based McKenzie Flyfishers, one of the plaintiffs in the Sandy River case,
is seeking a similar outcome in a lawsuit it filed in December in U.S. District
Court in Eugene challenging hatchery operations on the McKenzie River.

Both lawsuits allege the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife and the federal
National Marine Fisheries Service are violating the federal Endangered Species
Act by failing to prevent the crossbreeding of wild and hatchery salmon in both
rivers. The plaintiffs allege this so-called introgression jeopardizes the
survival of the native wild stock by weakening their characteristics.

Similar lawsuits have been filed in California and Washington.

The Sandy River ruling "is only one court and one case, but those are the points
we hope would be accepted" in the McKenzie River lawsuit, said Dave Thomas, a
member of McKenzie Flyfishers and a biologist.

Neither the federal nor state agency have yet to respond formally to the claims
in the McKenzie River lawsuit. The lawsuit seeks to cut the annual release of
hatchery spring chinook salmon smolts to 100,000, from 800,000.

Doug Caven, the outgoing president of McKenzie River Guides, said the
association has been following both lawsuits closely.

River guides worry that fewer hatchery fish released into the river eventually
will dry up their pool of clientele, an economic toll they say would extend to
other businesses in the area that lodge, feed and equip the visitors.

While fishermen can catch and release both wild and hatchery steelhead, they can
keep only hatchery steelhead.

It's uncertain what impact the Sandy River ruling will have on guides and
anglers to the north. The judge's ruling requires the two sides to reach a
settlement soon, or propose a schedule that would allow him to adopt a plan
before the first hatchery fish are released this spring.

"It's somewhat of a victory (for hatchery opponents), but maybe not the extent
they're purporting it to be," Caven said.

Rob Jones, hatcheries and inland fisheries chief for the fisheries service in
Portland, said there are marked differences between the Sandy and McKenzie River
hatchery programs.

The Sandy River program breeds and releases hatchery salmon and steelhead for
fishing, while the McKenzie River hatchery has a dual purpose: breeding fish for
anglers, plus boosting the salmon population of the McKenzie.

Wild spring chinook salmon in the upper Willamette basin, which includes the
McKenzie River, were designated for federal protection in 1999.

Critics of the hatchery program say that increasing the volume of hatchery
salmon in the McKenzie, and thereby accelerating introgression with wild fish,
is a harm, not a benefit.

A spokesman for the state Department of Justice, which represented the Oregon
Department of Fish & Wildlife in the Sandy River case, said it is considering
its options. He declined further comment.

The Oregon City-based Native Fish Society and the McKenzie Flyfishers alleged in
the Sandy River lawsuit that state and federal fish managers violated numerous
policies by approving a faulty hatchery management plan without proper study in
2012. They say that plan did little to address the problem of cross-breeding
between hatchery and native fish.

They point to high stray rates -- the number of hatchery fish intruding on the
spawning grounds of wild salmon -- as evidence of bad practices. They make the
same argument in the McKenzie River lawsuit.

The Endangered Species Act prohibits changes to the habitat that harm endangered
and threatened salmon. The law allows the release of hatchery salmon, which
compete with native salmon for food and habitat, if hatchery operators comply
with a federally approved management plan that in part outlines how agencies
will keep hatchery and wild salmon from cross-breeding.

The plaintiffs argue the introgression is creating salmon that are less capable
of surviving in the wild, thus potentially dooming them to extinction.

While the Sandy River lawsuit challenges what plaintiffs allege is a flawed
plan, the McKenzie litigation centers on the contention that state and federal
fish managers have been unable to agree on a hatchery plan for the McKenzie
River.

Jones said the state, the fisheries service and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
continue discussing a management plan for the McKenzie hatchery. The plan would
include the number of hatchery fish to be released each year and needed
improvements to the hatchery and Cougar Dam.

Once they agree on a proposal, the service will release it for public review and
comment.

___ (c)2014 The Register-Guard (Eugene, Ore.) Visit The Register-Guard (Eugene,
Ore.) at www.registerguard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140202-EU-Federal-salmon-ruling-could-affect-McKenzie-20140202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2014 The Register Guard

                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Americus Times Recorder (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 14, 2011 Monday

EDITORIAL: Alzheimer's Disease affects more than you know

BYLINE: Americus Times-Recorder, Ga.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 418 words


March 14--AMERICUS -- Alzheimer's Disease affects more than you know

Today is Georgia Alzheimer's Awareness Day at the State Capitol. People who work
with Alzheimer's patients and their families and people with other types of
dementias will meet with legislators and other government officials.

Breaking it down into dollars and cents, more than five million Americans suffer
from Alzheimer's Disease, making it the sixth leading cause of death for those
age 65 and older in the United States. Within Georgia, there are currently about
200,000 people with Alzheimer's disease and the number is expected to grow to
600,000 by 2050. These statistics comes from the 2010 Alzheimer's Association
Facts and Figures Report. Nationally, direct and indirect costs of caring for
patients with Alzheimer's disease have been estimated at $172 billion annually.

Today more than 50 million family caregivers who care for the elderly as well as
adults and children with disabilities and chronic illnesses as Alzheimer's
disease and dementia. These people are not compensated for their work and often
suffer "burn out."

But there is help, right here in Sumter County, Georgia Southwestern State
University's Rosalynn Carter Institute for Caregiving (RCI) focuses on
supporting families living with Alzheimer's Disease. As part of this effort, RCI
developed the Georgia CARE-NET (Caregivers Network) program as a unique
coalition of caregiver support organizations across a broad array of illnesses
and disabilities. These 12 community CARE-NET coalitions, located throughout the
state of Georgia, provide ongoing information, assistance, counseling, training
and support groups for caregivers throughout the state.

Hopefully, our state leadership will listen and learn about this vital issue and
work together in an advocacy of education and support. We are hopeful that there
will be more funding made available to organizations that work with caregivers.

Caregivers are one of the best asset we have today. They are the unsung heroes
who need our support and appreciation.

We are grateful for them and for the Rosalynn Carter Institute and the very
important work it does.

To see more of the Americus Times-Recorder, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.americustimesrecorder.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Americus
Times-Recorder, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110314-AF-EDITORIAL-Alzheimer-s-Disease-affects
-more-than-you-know-0314-20110314

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AF


                     Copyright 2011 Americus Times Recorder

                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            July 28, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

D.C. United faces multiple problems;
On-field performances, stall in new stadium search thwart once-successful team

BYLINE: Steven Goff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 909 words


If wins and losses were the only issues confronting D.C. United, 2010 might not
seem so bleak for MLS's most decorated club. After all, something as common as a
three-game winning streak would thrust the club into the playoff chase.

But the organization's problems run much deeper than a league-low 12 points from
a 3-11-3 record, its 2-6-1 home mark and its measly 12 goals.

Home attendance for regular season matches is down 7.1 percent to 14,949, which
is threatening the club's all-time low of 15,262 in the inaugural 1996 campaign.
While most other MLS teams have moved into new stadiums (and, consequently,
boosted game-day revenue), the promise of a new stadium in the Washington area
remains unfulfilled, leaving United at antiquated RFK Stadium.

Team owner Will Chang, based in San Francisco, has yet to add local investors,
an element necessary, he said, to navigate the area's unique political and
business waters in pursuit of a stadium plan.

In essence, precious little has gone right lately for United.

"It's been a tough couple of years for us," said United President Kevin Payne,
whose four-time MLS Cup champions are in danger of missing the postseason for
the third consecutive year.

Compounding the disappointment was the collapse of stadium plans, first in the
District and then in Prince George's County. In each case, an agreement appeared
imminent.

Once MLS's model team -- numerous trophies from domestic competitions,
participation in international events, steady attendance and a roster of elite
players -- United is like RFK itself: a crumbling institution. The previous two
seasons, United was in the playoff race until the final weekend. This year,
barring an immediate resurgence, the club will be out of contention by Labor Day
and match the worst three-year stretch since United missed the postseason from
2000 to 2002.

"When you have a year like this, it affects everything in your world," Payne
said. "It affects every single person who works here, it affects our fans, it
affects Will, it affects me. It's wearing. It's emotionally very difficult. We
are not really accustomed to this. But we are going to fix it. We are not giving
up on this year. People may laugh at that; I don't really care."

United has shown glimpses of hope: 2-3-2 in its past seven league matches; four
straight victories in the U.S. Open Cup to reach the semifinals for the third
consecutive year; triumphs over AC Milan, English club Portsmouth and El
Salvador's national team in international friendlies.

"We're not out of this," General Manager Dave Kasper said. "There are 13 league
games to play. We just need to put it all together."

While injuries have decimated the roster -- sidelining several regulars for long
periods, or in some cases, for the entire season -- the quality of play has been
bland and an abundance of what first-year coach Curt Onalfo called "youthful
mistakes" in defending has cost the team several games.

Offensively, the club has been shut out in 11 of 17 league matches and has had
to lean on 17-year-old midfielder Andy Najar for a team-high three goals.

While Najar has been one of the few positive developments, other newcomers have
not fared well: Salvadoran midfielder Christian Castillo, whose arrival
rekindled interest in United in the Hispanic community, failed to adapt to the
team and league, and was cut; and veteran goalkeeper Troy Perkins, reacquired
after two years in Europe, yielded several soft goals early in the season and
lost the starting job to Bill Hamid, 19, before regaining it.

On Tuesday, United released third-year midfielder Boyzzz Khumalo, a quick and
energetic reserve who hadn't scored in eight MLS matches.

United's latest signings, Argentine forward Pablo Hernandez and Montenegrin
midfielder Branko Boskovic, have shown promise since arriving this month.

The club is hoping to add a marquee forward before the Aug. 15 international
transfer deadline, but the "stars really have to align to get big-name players,"
Payne said. United was reportedly pursuing Real Madrid legend Raul, who was
expected to sign in Germany or England this week.

The New York Red Bulls, backed by the energy drink company, have already added
one big name, French forward Thierry Henry, and are apparently finalizing a deal
with another, Mexican defender Rafael Marquez. The Los Angeles Galaxy, supported
by billionaire Philip Anschutz, is interested in Brazilian star Ronaldinho, and
the Chicago Fire, with wealthy investors, acquired Mexican forward Nery
Castillo.

The absence of a corporate ownership group, as well as the lack of a
revenue-generating stadium, would seem to limit United's options.

"We're certainly not in the same position as Red Bull or even AEG [Anschutz's
entertainment firm], but Will has been very supportive of our efforts to try to
improve the team," Payne said. "We are not going to be out signing
10-million-dollar-per-year players, but in general, I don't think we are
hampered [financially] any more than most other teams in the league are."

Meantime, Payne does not plan to make any coaching or front office changes,
saying: "I understand fans. They want to blame somebody, they want it to be
somebody's fault, and sometimes it is. But when you are in this position, it is
a little self-indulgent to just say, 'Okay, we are going to blame him and he's
going to take the fall for it and then everything is going to be fine.' What we
are more worried about is trying to fix things right now."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Otto Greule Jr/getty Images; One of the few bright spots for
D.C. United this year has been the play of teenager Andy Najar, who has a
team-high three goals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

RMAC stories affect Pack

BYLINE: Joe E. Cervi, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 410 words


May 05--Two items that were big news in Silver City, N.M., and Grand Junction
barely were mentioned here during this hectic spring sports season. But they
have a direct impact on Colorado State University-Pueblo athletics.

First, CSU-Pueblo head football coach John Wristen never has to make the
two-day, 12hour bus ride to Silver City again. Western New Mexico University has
announced that it is leaving the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference in favor of
the Lone Star Conference beginning in the 2016-17 school year.

The Mustangs play the Pack in Pueblo on Sept. 26 this season.

"Personally, I am happy," said Wristen, who was injured as a player at WNMU and
dreads making that trip every other year. His memories of Silver City are such
that he won't even allow his teams to stay in the town.

"As far as the conference goes, I'm not sure that's a good thing," he said. "Now
we have to worry about scheduling non-conference games in Western New Mexico's
place and there are a lot of headaches with that.

"So, yeah, I'm happy, but I don't think that it's good for the RMAC."

In an RMAC press release, WNMU officials cited less travel in the LSC. But,
Silver City to anyplace that has a Division II university is a long way. Eastern
New Mexico University is 385 miles away in Portales, N.M., and Highlands, in Las
Vegas, N.M., is 400 miles away.

The loss of WNMU puts the RMAC at 15 member schools.

In

baseball,

Pack the Park just got more com-

petitive.

Colorado Mesa reaped the benefits of a promotional blitz a week ago to set the
Division II attendance record at 5,172 on May 1 at Suplizio Field.

That broke CSU-Pueblo's mark of 4,468 set in 2014.

More than 14,000 tickets were distributed across Mesa, Delta and Montrose
counties.

Three mascots, Mesa's Rowdy, the Grand Junction Rockies' Corky the Coyote and
the JUCO World Series mascot Mr.

JUCO entertained the crowd.

There also was a fireworks show that lit up the sky over Grand Junction.

"We battle each other inside the lines and now we're battling outside of them,"
CSU-Pueblo head baseball coach Stan Sanchez said. "This got me excited about the
possibilities. Art (Gonzales) pays for everything and he's a competitive guy.

He loves Pack the Park and that record, so I am sure he's going to do everything
he can to make sure we get it back."

jcervi@chieftain.com

___ (c)2015 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150505-PB-RMAC-stories-affect-Pack-0505-20150505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain

                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

BRIEF: Comcast outage affects phone service

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 165 words


May 22--A major outage with Comcast Digital Voice service played havoc with some
area phones Thursday afternoon, according to an automatic Comcast message and an
outage map.

Some calls to Comcast customers were met with an oddly nostalgic, "please
deposit 25 cents ..." message. Other calls simply went without a ring, and so
were not answered.

Late Thursday afternoon, the map showed an affected area covering a large
portion of north central and northeastern Illinois, along with spots in southern
Wisconsin, eastern Michigan, northern and central Indiana and a few states
father south. By Thursday evening, most of those problem areas had been cleared.

Comcast was working to restore service as quickly as possible, the message said.

Go to downdetector.com/status/comcast-xfinity/map to view outage areas. Comcast
can be reached at 800-266-2278.

___ (c)2014 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140522-YG-BRF-Comcast-outage-affects-phone-service-0522-20140522

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2014 Daily Gazette

                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 31, 2012 Friday

BP gas recall affects Indy area

BYLINE: Wade Coggeshall, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Aug. 31--As BP's Midwestern gasoline recall has expanded, so too have the number
of complaints.

The tainted gas, which originated from the company's Whiting, Ind., refinery,
contained an above-normal level of polymeric residue, a type of plastic that
doesn't burn off and can clog engines. It was reportedly sold between Aug. 13
and 17.

Originally, BP reported that the tainted gas had only been distributed in
northern Indiana. It's now been revealed that it's reached as far as southern
Indiana and includes the Indianapolis area.

Ricker's owns several BP stations in the greater Indy area, including on the
westside and in Brownsburg, Avon, and Plainfield. Jay Ricker, their chairman,
says the problem was only in their premium gas, which isn't a popular grade
among their customers anyway.

"It's usually less than 10 percent of our sales," he said.

Ricker says he can't explain exactly what's wrong with the gas, only that "the
symptoms are hard starting on a car, and sometimes the 'check engine' light
comes on."

He said his office, which is in Anderson, hasn't received any direct complaints
related to the recall yet.

"There wasn't a lot of (that gas) out there and we pulled it as soon as we were
notified, or we diluted it, which was the recommendation from BP, with a lot
more petroleum," Ricker said.

Jerry Williams, service manager at Bill Estes Ford in Brownsburg, said he has
heard from customers worried about pumping bad gas into their cars, but hasn't
had to physically repair any yet. He's unsure about the chemical that caused the
recall, but says anything leaving unburned deposits in an engine can damage many
other parts too.

"If it starts to leave some sort of contaminant on the spark plugs and injectors
and/or the catalytic convertor, then obviously it gets very expensive very
quickly," Williams said.

He added that the cost varies, based on the vehicle's year, make, and model. A
worst-case scenario can cost upwards of $3,000.

BP itself is processing some 10,000 complaints, mostly in Indiana and Illinois.
Those who think they bought tainted gas can call (800) 599-9040 or visit the
website at bpresponse.com.

The company issued a statement late last week assuring the public that their
product meets industry standards.

"BP sells more than 50 million gallons of quality gasoline in the U.S. every day
and we guarantee every gallon we sell," the statement read. "We are committed to
working with any affected BP consumer to make good on our guarantee."

Nonetheless, two lawsuits seeking class-action status have been filed in the
state. The Indiana Attorney General's Office has also opened an investigation.
Residents who believe they have car problems related to the tainted gas can file
a complaint with the attorney general's office by calling (800) 382-5516 or by
visiting the website IndianaConsumer.com. The AG has already received some 100
complaints.

wade.coggeshall@flyergroup.com

___ (c)2012 the Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Ind.) Visit the Hendricks County
Flyer (Avon, Ind.) at www.flyergroup.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120831-FX-BP-gas-recall-affects-Indy-area-0831-20120831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FX


                     Copyright 2012 Hendricks County Flyer

                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 7, 2011 Monday

Quiet campaign could affect turnout

BYLINE: Bobby Harrison, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


Nov. 07--JACKSON -- Almost 150,500 fewer Mississippians voted in the 2007
general election compared to the turnout in 2003.

Whether Tuesday's turnout is closer to the record level of 2003 or to the more
conventional total of 2007 could have an impact on the outcome of key races,
such as whether Democrats hold the Mississippi House or Republicans capture the
chamber for the first time since the 1800s.

Polls statewide open at 7 a.m. and close at 7 p.m.

By 2003, and even by 2007 standards, this year's gubernatorial election has been
low-key. Hattiesburg Mayor Johnny DuPree, a Democrat and the first black nominee
of a major party, has run a purely grassroots campaign, eschewing costly
television advertisements and depending on volunteers, news coverage and word of
mouth to get his message out.

Republican Lt. Gov. Phil Bryant, the favorite to win Tuesday, has run a more
modern-day campaign complete with multi-media advertising. Based on Tuesday's
campaign finance reports filed with Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann, Bryant
had outspent DuPree by nearly $5 million. Bryant had spent $5.6 million,
according to Tuesday's report.

DuPree, though, did go into the final week of the campaign with more than
$350,000 in cash on hand -- still about one-half less than Bryant, but enough to
perhaps give him a boost.

DuPree said recently, "At the end of the day, who raised the most money will not
matter. There will be two names on the ballot for governor, and the only numbers
that will matter will be the votes cast. I'm excited about our chances."

Perhaps concerned about the quietness of the campaign and potential for low
voter turnout, which some believe could hurt Republicans, Bryant has been
holding get out the vote rallies with well-known national Republicans, including
outgoing Gov. Haley Barbour, former Arkansas governor and Fox News personality
Mike Huckabee and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. And Republicans have been
trying to make the election about Democratic President Barack Obama, who is
generally unpopular in Mississippi.

"Ending the Barack Obama presidency doesn't have to wait until 2012," said an ad
from the state Republican Party. "The race to stop Obama starts right here,
right now, in Mississippi. On Nov. 8, let your voices be heard."

Even the media coverage, compared to the past two elections, has been less,
perhaps in part because of the two candidates' reluctance to attack each other.

Of course, governor is not the only race on Tuesday's ballot. Mississippians
will vote on statewide, legislative, districtwide and county races.

The most contentious race has been for the office of attorney general, where
Republican Steve Simpson, former commissioner of public safety, is challenging
incumbent Jim Hood, the only statewide elected Democrat.

They have run an aggressive campaign. In ads, Simpson has attacked Hood for not
joining in the lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the national health
care law. Hood has attacked Simpson for having a tax lien placed on his home
while at the same time purchasing a new boat and for taking a recreational
vehicle to a car race where it was wrecked.

Perhaps the most anticipated outcome will be legislative races and whether
Republicans can gain a majority in the state House for the first time since the
1800s.

Three citizen-sponsored initiatives also will be on the ballot. They would
define life as beginning at fertilization, require people to have a photo
identification to vote and prevent the taking of private land for the use of
another private entity.

In recent weeks, the initiative defining personhood at conception has received
more attention than any other ballot measure.

bobby.harrison@journalinc.com

___ (c)2011 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111107-TP-HLT-Quiet-campaign-could-affect-turnout-1107-20111107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2011 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal

                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

Dow sale won't affect Gales Ferry production: New firm Styron puchases plant

BYLINE: Brian Hallenbeck, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 331 words


Apr. 14--LEDYARD -- Employment and operations at Dow Chemical's Allyn's Point
plant in Gales Ferry will not be affected by the company's sale of one of its
divisions, which will continue to operate at the site, a company spokeswoman
said Tuesday.

Dow has sold its Styron division to Bain Capital Partners, a Boston-based
private equity firm. The newly formed company, called Styron, will continue to
produce chemicals and plastics at the site, according to Rebecca Bentley, the
spokeswoman.

A third company, Americas Styrenics, will also continue to operate at Allyn's
Point, Bentley said in a statement.

"Dow is not leaving the Gales Ferry site," she said. "The company will continue
to have activities on the site -- such as the distribution center that supports
its building materials business."

The Dow-Bain transaction is expected to be completed in June.

"We do not expect this change to affect employment or operations at the site,"
Bentley said. "The products produced there will not change either."

Employees have been kept updated regarding the changes over the past several
months, she said.

In March, Dow, based in Midland, Mich., and Bain jointly announced they had
signed an agreement for the sale of Dow's Styron division to a Bain affiliate
for $1.63 billion. Dow had an option to receive up to 15 percent of the equity
of Styron as part of the sale consideration. The transaction included several
long-term supply, service and purchase agreements, which were to generate
substantial value for both Dow and Styron, Dow said in a press release at the
time.

b.hallenbeck@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100414-NL-Dow-sale-won-t-affect-Gales-Ferry-production-0414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2010 The Day

                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Male infertility sign of serious health issue

BYLINE: Erin Ellis, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


Male infertility should be taken as a sign of bigger health problems, says an
expert.

Dr. Paul Turek, who runs clinics in San Francisco and Los Angeles, says men are
typically reluctant to get medical help but infertility might get them through
the doctor's office door. Once they arrive, he finds they're less healthy than
the average man for a host of reasons.

"Stress can affect your heart, it can affect your sex drive, it can affect your
erection. But men aren't going to go in if it affects their heart because they
don't feel it. They're going to go in if they don't have good erections or a
good sex drive," he said Friday.

"We're learning that men with low sperm count are just plain unhealthier than
men with normal sperm counts and men with infertility tend to die sooner."

Sperm counts can be a biomarker of health, Turek says, and a factor men should
consider in trying to improve their overall well-being.

Known causes of low sperm count are smoking, excessive alcohol, being
overweight, use of steroids and recreational drugs. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved

                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               September 19, 2014

                       Hardy Underwriting Bermuda Limited

                           PEMBROKE GARDENS RM10 7YP
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


HUB is a provider of insurance and reinsurance products, based in Bermuda. Broad
product portfolio and diverse customer base are the key strengths of the
company, even as limited scale of operations remains an area of concern. Going
forward, foreign currency fluctuations and changing regulations may affect the
company's business performance. However, acquisition by CNA, the positive
outlook for the insurance industry in Bermuda and rise in per capita annual
disposable income in the UK will provide new growth opportunities to the
company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


DIVERSE CUSTOMER BASE


The company caters to a broad range of customers, which provides it with an
advantage over its competitors. HUB is one of the leading insurance holding
companies, based in Bermuda. The company, on the back of diverse product
portfolio and through its various customer-centric insurance products, serves a
diverse customer base across various sectors such as construction, financial
services, engineering, energy, marine and aviation, and healthcare. Diversified
customer base insulates the company from negative impact of a downturn in any
particular industry.

BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


Broad product portfolio is a major strength for the company, as it enables it to
meet diverse requirements of its customers. Its product offerings comprise
marine insurance, aviation insurance, non-marine property, property treaty and
specialty insurance. In addition, the company underwrites the reinsurance of
property risks on both non-proportional and proportional basis. Such broad
product portfolio enables the company to cater to a diverse customer base, in
turn, driving its top-line performance.


WEAKNESSES:


LIMITED SCALE OF OPERATIONS


Limited scale of operations, compared with competitors, may be a concern to the
company. Operations of HUB are limited, compared with its competitors, XL Group
Plc (XL Group) and Novae Group Plc (Novae), which have wide geographic
operations, compared with HUB. With competitors having diversified geographical
operations, the company is at a major disadvantage. For instance, XL Group
operates in 21 countries with 60 offices globally. Novae operates globally, with
its presence in the UK, Canada, Australia, Italy, the US and Switzerland, among
other countries. Contrary to this, HUB operates only in the UK, Bermuda,
Bahrain, Singapore and Guernsey. Limited operating scale presence puts the
company at risk, as any adverse development in the political, economic or
climatic environment of the region might have an adverse impact on its business.
It also restricts its market share and limits growth options. Limited
operations, compared with its competitors, may put competitive pressure on the
company's operations, while limiting its revenue sources.


OPPORTUNITIES:


ACQUISITION BY CNA


HUB stands to benefit from its acquisition by CNA Financial Corporation (CNA).
In July 2012, HUB was acquired by one of the leading property and casualty
insurance companies in the US, CNA, for US$230 million. Following the
acquisition, the company continued to operate under its own brand and its
existing leadership team. CNA is one of the leading insurance companies in the
US. It is the seventh-largest US commercial insurer and the 14th-largest US
property and casualty insurers. CNA ranked 14th in the US Property and Casualty
insurance industry on the basis of direct premiums written and earned in FY2012.
With over 100 years of existence, it has established a robust brand image in the
US market. CNA serves more than one million businesses and professionals in the
US and internationally. It is also a leading insurer of small and mid-size
business, accountants, lawyers, architects and engineers, and other
professionals. It employs 7,500 people worldwide and reported revenues of US$9.5
billion during FY2012. HUB is likely to benefit from the financial strength and
market leadership of CNA. The acquisition will also result in the sharing of
best practices, and will help the company in expanding its geographic and brand
reach.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY IN BERMUDA


The company will stand to be benefited from the growing insurance industry in
Bermuda. According to in-house research, the insurance industry of Bermuda
increased in terms of written premium value from US$78.2 billion in 2011 to
BMD80.8 billion in 2012, recording an annual growth of 4.8% over 2011. The
non-life segment accounted for 53.9% of the total written premium value in 2012.
The segment valued at US$43.5 billion in 2012, after recording a CAGR of -4.1%
between 2008 and 2012. The Bermuda insurance industry is projected to grow from
US$80.8 billion in 2012 to US$96.9 billion in 2017, at a CAGR of 3.7%. The
non-life segment is anticipated to grow from US$43.5 billion in 2012 to US$51.6
billion in 2017, at a CAGR of 3.5%. The market outlook augurs well for the
company.

RISE IN PER CAPITA ANNUAL DISPOSABLE INCOME IN THE UK


Rise in per capital annual disposable income (PCADI) in the UK will provide
significant opportunities to the company. During FY2007-2011, PCADI grew from
GBP22,276 (US$34,871) in 2009 to GBP24,356 (US$39,065) in 2011. This rise
positively affected other non-life insurance categories such as property, motor
and third-party liability. With further improvements in the UK's economic
condition, PCADI is expected to reach its pre-recession levels by 2016. This
rise in disposable income is also expected to lead to increased savings, with
the concurrent anticipated increase in risk awareness projected to increase the
sales of non-life insurance products. Increasing PCADI will drive consumers to
purchase non-life insurance products, which will increase the demand for the
company's non-life insurance and reinsurance products, in turn, driving its
top-line growth.


THREATS:


FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS


Unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to affect the
company's profitability. HUB operates globally, with its presence in London,
Bermuda, Bahrain, Singapore and Guernsey, and is, thus, exposed to fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates. The non-BMD currencies' appreciation over BMD, or
vice-versa, may incur additional costs to the company, as well as increase
capital expenditures in BMD terms. This may impact the company's competitive
position against its close competitors and may also affect its profitability.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various government and regulatory
authorities in Bermuda. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including the company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and,
consequently, the fee income earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing
interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the
principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
non-performing assets and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are
highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control, including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and the policies
of various government and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might
impact the operating performance of the company, as its income and investment
returns depend on the level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                           Caledonia Investments plc

                                   2Nd Floor
                                 London W1J 8LA
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Caledonia is an investment trust company. Improved cash position, strong
financial performance, broad service portfolio and strong support from Cayzer
Family are the key strengths of the company, even overdependence on selected
geographic region remain areas of concern for the company. In future, intense
competition rates, changing rules and regulations, and fluctuation in interest
rates may affect the company's business and profitability. However, increase in
annual disposable income in the UK, positive economic growth in the US and
strategic acquisitions may present new growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


IMPROVED CASH POSITION


Caledonia maintains strong cash position to meet its operational obligations.
The company's cash and cash equivalents increased from GBP2.2 million in FY2014
to GBP98.4 million in FY2015. The primary reason for the growth of cash and cash
equivalent was due to increase in bank balances. The bank balances of the
company increased by 25%, from GBP33.3 million in FY2014 to GBP41.6 million in
FY2015.The increased cash and cash equivalents may improve the working capital
requirements of the company, which in turn helps in improving the company's
operations.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Celadonia registered strong financial performance in FY2015, which enhances
investors' confidence in the company. During FY2015, the company reported
revenue of GBP227.9 million as compared with GBP193 million in FY2014,
representing an increase of 18.1% over FY2014. The increase in revenue was
supported by overall positive growth in the investment income of the company,
which increased by 14.8% from GBP41.1 million in FY2014 to GBP47.2 million in
FY2015. In FY2015, the company also recorded strong growth in operating and net
income. The company's operating income was GBP204.6 million in FY2015 as
compared with GBP181.6 million in FY2014, representing an increase of 12.7%.
Positive growth in the operating income was supported by overall positive growth
in the total income of the company that offset the impact of further decline in
the operating income due to increase in the operating expenses over the previous
fiscal year. The net income of the company was GBP207.7 million in FY2015 as
compared with GBP183.1 million in FY2014, indicating an increase of 13.4% over
FY2014. Strong revenue and profitability enable the company to pursue its growth
and expansion plans.

BROAD SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad service offerings provide an opportunity for it to cater to
the various needs of the consumers. The company offers various investment
services. Its service portfolio includes investment in equity and debt
securities, management of hedge funds, portfolio management and portfolio
advisory and consultancy services. Such a broad service portfolio enables the
company to cover diverse markets and attract more customers, which in turn may
boost its revenues and market share.

STRONG SUPPORT FROM CAYZER FAMILY


Support from the Cayzer Family enables the company to further expand its
businesses. Caledonia is a self-managed investment trust company with holding
net assets of GBP1,627 million as on March 31, 2015. The company leverage on the
strong support of the Cayzer family, who owns around 48.5% stake in the company.
The Cayzer family shareholding offers support to its long term value investment
horizon and a foundation to its culture of conservative generational wealth
management.


WEAKNESSES:


OVERDEPENDENCE ON SELECTED GEOGRAPHIC REGION


The company's overdependence on the US division for major part of its revenue
remains a cause of concern. Although the company operates through three
geographic divisions: the UK, the US and Other Country, it generated significant
part of its revenue from a single geographic division, the US. In FY2015, the US
division reported revenue of GBP123.4 million, accounting for 54.1% of the
company's total revenue. Such overdependence on the US may adversely affect its
business performance, if the demand of services offered by the particular
geographic division declines.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE ECONOMIC GROWTH IN THE US


The growing economy in the US is likely to provide new growth opportunities for
the company. According to International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate
of the US stood at 3.4% in 2014. It is expected to reach 3.6% in 2016 and 4.0%
in 2020. Growing housing and labor markets, improving dollar and ease of doing
business are few of the major key drivers for the growth of the US economy. The
company derives major proportion of its revenue from the US. As an investor in
the US, the company is placed well to benefit from this.

INCREASE IN ANNUAL DISPOSABLE INCOME IN THE UK


The company will stand to benefit from increasing UK's annual disposable income.
According to in-house research, the UK annual disposable income is expected to
reach GBP1.18 trillion (US$1.89 trillion) in 2017. Increase in annual disposable
income will drive consumers to invest their wealth in various investment
alternatives, which will increase the demand for the company's investment
solutions, in turn driving its top-line growth.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


The company is taking various strategic growth and acquisition initiatives, to
drive its business growth. For instance, in September 2015, the company rolled
out its plan to acquire Gala Bingo, a retail service provider in the UK from its
current holding company Gala Coral for GBP241 million. Gala Bingo generated
revenue of GBP52.7 million in FY2015. The acquisition would provide the company
with a diverse investment portfolio opportunity in retail segment and a perfect
business model for the unquoted portfolio as both Gala Bingo and unquoted
portfolio follows defensive and enduring business models. In August 2015, the
company acquired major stakes in 7IM, a retail investment fund provider in the
UK. The acquisition would provide the company with an asset under management of
GBP9.5 billion. Such strategic acquisitions are expected to align the company's
business operations in line with the industry and generate higher returns.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect the company's business and profitability. The
company faces competition from various investment management companies, asset
management companies and investment trusts. It competes with its competitors
based on various factors such as services, fees charged, asset under management,
fund flow, region and industry of investment, availability of funds and
investment expertise. Some of its major competitors include Rathbone Brothers
Plc., Schroders Plc., J P Morgan Chase & Co., British Asset Trust Plc and
Abendeen Asset Management Plc. Such intense competition may affect the company's
market position.

CHANGING RULES AND REGULATIONS


The company's activities are highly regulated by the various governmental and
regulatory authorities in the UK. The introduction of quantitative easing policy
by The European Central Bank to stimulate the economy may affect the company.
Under this, the Central bank would buy financial assets which would increase the
asset's price but on the contrary would reduce their yield, which may increase
income and wealth inequality and affect the assets value and offer the company
with less return on investment. Artificially declining of the interest rates may
increase the assets prices and decrease the exchange rates. Strong currency
movements may be a side effect of such policies. Such changes from regulatory
authorities and governments may affect the company's performance.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the
company's operational performance. Interest rates are highly sensitive to
monetary policies of government, domestic and international, economic and
political conditions, and other factors beyond its control. An increase in
interest rates increases the return on the company's assets and vice versa.
During the rate hikes, the changes in liquidity can affect the company's net
interest income, as well as the value of company equity. International companies
operating in emerging countries with weak currencies face higher risks due to a
hike in interest rates. Increase in market interest rates may decrease
unrealized capital gains on fixed income securities of the company's investment
portfolio. However, the decline in market interest rates may have an adverse
impact on the company's investment income. The defaults in the company's
investment portfolio may lead to operating losses, and reduce its reserves and
surplus.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017
