
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Dolan's Virginia Business Observer (Norfolk, VA)

                            November 10, 2003 Monday

Tax credit changes affect rising need for low-income housing

BYLINE: Philip Newswanger

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


By next year, developers, cities, housing authorities and nonprofit
organizations will have to contend with new changes in the tax credit allocation
plan for the development and construction of low-income housing in the state.

How those changes will affect each of these parties will be part of a series of
articles during the next few weeks. This is the first installment, and it will
examine the proposed changes and how those changes will affect the private
sector.

A public hearing was held Oct. 27, the final day for comment on the changes,
according to Jim Chandler, the director of low-income housing for the Virginia
Department of Housing and Development, the independent organization overseeing
the state's housing needs.

From there, the changes will be presented to the authority's board of
commissioners Nov. 12 for review, followed by approval. Changes then will take
effect Jan. 1, 2004, according to Chandler.

The tax credit allocation scheme, a result of the Tax Reform Act of 1996 when
Ronald Reagan was president, was a way to increase affordable housing by giving
developers the incentive to do so.

Low-income housing is available to anyone whose rent accounts for 35 percent or
more of their income.

The amount of tax credits issued to states is based upon each state's
population. In the case of Virginia, the housing authority gets about $12.8
million a year, which equates to $1.75 per every man, woman and child in the
commonwealth.

Because the tax credits are issued yearly for the next 10 years, the Virginia
Department of Housing and Development can tap into an estimated $128 million.

The need for affordable housing in the state has risen from 3 million units to
4.4 million units, based on a study done several years ago.

According to the Affordable Housing Council of Virginia, about 95 percent of
low-income housing is built by the private sector.

About 5,000 units qualified for tax credits this year, though not all the units
have been built yet.

Proposed changes

"One of the significant changes is the redistribution of the credits, the pool
changes," Chandler said. "We are having different percentages."

The changes have come about as a result of the federal government redesigning
the metropolitan statistical areas in the state.

Overall, six counties have been added to three city-designated regions,
enlarging the MSA for those regions and reducing the number of counties in the
state that are considered rural, Chandler said.

For example, Surrey County has been added to the Norfolk-Virginia Beach MSA,
while Winchester, Harrisonburg, Staunton and Martinsville have been added to
either the Richmond or Northern Virginia metropolitan region.

In doing so, the pool of tax credit allocations by geographic region has
changed.

The local pool, known as the Tidewater MSA pool, increased from 14.69 percent to
19.02 percent.

The Northern Virginia MSA pool increased from 15.4 percent to 18.18 percent.

A nonprofit pool gets 15 percent of the allocations, while a pool of 15 percent
is set aside for local housing authorities.

The Virginia Department of Housing and Development and industry contacts are not
aware of other states that have a pool strictly for housing authorities.

An at-large pool is structured so any entity that doesn't get a tax credit award
can compete in this pool.

New this year is a separate pool for housing for people with disabilities, about
3 percent, and the housing authority has proposed a cap of 20 percent for any
new elderly housing.

"We found the greatest need in family development, especially in Tidewater and
Northern Virginia," Chandler said. But last year six of eight developments were
for the elderly.

Based on a housing needs assessment, family housing accounts for 80 percent of
the need while, elderly housing accounts for only 20 percent.

Yet tax credits for elderly housing absorbed more than 30 percent of the total
tax credits.

Many localities aren't zoning low-income housing, Chandler said, and they are
not supporting it.

"Many times [the builders] drop it and move onto an elderly deal or an
acquisition/rehab," Chandler said.

A stigma is associated with the name of "low-income housing," especially among
localities, so developers are calling it "work-force housing."

Localities will approve housing for the elderly, even though many of these deals
are backed by tax credits or a combination of tax credits and Virginia
Department of Housing and Development bond financing.

"In Tidewater, the income levels are lower," Chandler said. "The rents are too
low for builders to build and make a profit," he said, adding that builders
can't charge enough to make a profit.

It is also difficult for builders to find properly zoned land and build at the
same cost as they can in Richmond.

Points and penalties

The housing authority grades every development on a point system. Naturally, if
the development receives more points, it has a better chance of getting an
allocation of tax credits.

In an effort to encourage more energy efficient housing, the Virginia Department
of Housing and Development has proposed that more points be given to
developments that meet its energy-efficient criteria. For example, more points
will be awarded for brick exteriors.

Firms that use Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design-certified
architects will get 10 points.

But companies with a poor management record will be penalized 25 points.

Chandler said several localities complained about poorly managed properties and
said they don't want any more tax credit properties.

To counter that, the housing authority will start publishing a list of companies
with poor records, starting in 2005 and giving them enough time "to clean up
their act."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            December 4, 2005 Sunday

New drug benefit affects everyone

BYLINE: LISA GREENE

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


At 59, Julio Moran is too young to get the new Medicare prescription drug
benefit.

The Tampa resident recently spent hours at a Medicare information fair anyway.
He heard from former U.S. Sen. Bob Dole, who was there to advise seniors on
picking a plan, and quizzed vendors about how their drug plans compare with
others.

The reason for his interest: Moran needs to help his mother, 86 and diabetic,
choose the best plan for her.

"It's very confusing. I'm just trying to get myself educated," Moran said. "I
have to because I'm her caregiver. I can't depend on anybody else."

Moran knows firsthand that the sweeping change to the nation's primary health
insurance for the elderly will affect younger people as well.

"If you aren't 65 yet, most people hope to be," joked Stephen W. Schondelmeyer,
professor of pharmaceutical economics at the University of Minnesota. "This is a
program that everybody who makes it to 65 will benefit from or be annoyed with,
depending what happens to it."

Simply put:

People under 65 could be covered by the new plan if they're disabled.

They may need to understand the benefit to assist parents who are covered.

And, in a broader sense, the Medicare drug plan will affect their wallets, both
because the plan is funded by their tax dollars and because it could affect the
price of drugs in the larger marketplace.

Taxpayers ought to be concerned about the cost of the program, projected at
$593-billion for 10 years, economists said.

"The big problem is going to be financing the whole thing," said economist
Etienne Pracht, assistant professor in health policy and management at the
University of South Florida. "The cost of this is going to balloon,
unfortunately."

The program is so costly that some politicians have said starting it should be
delayed to help pay for federal costs of hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

"That's not going to be popular with the elderly," Pracht said. "They still want
it to be in place."

Yet the drug benefit could have been cheaper, said Dr. John Meuleman, associate
professor of internal medicine in the geriatrics division at the University of
South Florida. Taxpayers will spend millions more because the new program
forbids the government from negotiating with drug companies for lower prices,
Meuleman said. That task will be left to individual plan sponsors, and they will
have much less negotiating power.

"It's going to be extremely expensive for taxpayers," he said. "The drug
companies are the big winners here."

Whether prices in the Medicare program will affect drug prices for private
insurers and thus for patients not on Medicare remains to be seen. It will take
a few years for all the price effects to show, Schondelmeyer said.

"Every player in the market is literally rethinking their role in the market,"
he said. "How to be positioned in the Medicare market, and how does this affect
their other roles. . . . It's like a big pharmaceutical chess game."

The Medicare benefit could drive prices up or down, Schondelmeyer said. If a lot
of seniors sign up, and competition between plans is fierce, it might drive
overall drug prices lower. If few people sign up, companies could raise prices
to compensate for what they expected to make from the Medicare benefit.

"I could make credible arguments in either direction," Schondelmeyer said.
"There are so many moving parts."

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: THE NEW MEDICARE; SPECIAL REPORT ON PART D; SENIORITY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Dueling state bills would affect Harford medical system's expansion plans, one
way or another

BYLINE: David Anderson, The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1165 words


March 03--Two competing pieces of state legislation regarding hospital closures
and transformation -- including the University of Maryland Upper Chesapeake
Health's proposal to close Harford Memorial Hospital in downtown Havre de Grace
and replace it with a new medical center near the I-95/Route 155 interchange --
will be the subject of legislative committee hearings in Annapolis next week.

Under House Bill 1350, which is supported by the Maryland Hospital Association
and sponsored by Democratic Del. Peter Hammen of Baltimore, health systems such
as Upper Chesapeake, which are already established in their communities, could
open a "freestanding medical facility" without going through the state's
certificate of need approval process, if "the freestanding medical facility is
established as the result of the conversion of a licensed general hospital,"
according to the legislation.

House Bill 1121, which is also on the March 10 committee agenda, prohibits
partial or full closures of a hospital "except under certain circumstances" and
requires both local and state review before such a closure could occur.

Both bills will be heard by the House of Delegates Health and Government
Operations Committee on March 10, according to the Maryland General Assembly
website.

"HB 1350 provides enabling legislation which supports the transitioning of an
acute care hospital to a freestanding medical facility," Upper Chesapeake Health
spokesperson Martha Mallonee wrote in an email Wednesday. "We are confident that
this modern approach to providing community health care will best serve our
community while focusing on providing the right care, in the right place and
time while containing costs."

Health systems would still have to file for approval from the state, according
to the legislation.

Companion legislation, Senate Bill 707, has been introduced in the state Senate,
where Sen. Thomas Middleton, a Democrat from Charles County, is the primary
sponsor.

Harford County Executive Barry Glassman has expressed his support for the Senate
version, according to county government spokesperson Cindy Mumby.

"We certainly support the [Upper Chesapeake] strategy to improve the health of
our population and reduce the need for hospital stays," Mumby said.

Upper Chesapeake Health officials plan to close Harford Memorial in downtown
Havre de Grace and open a new health center on 97 acres owned by Upper
Chesapeake near the I-95/Route 155 interchange.

The new health center would have some of the same services offered by Harford
Memorial, such as a fully-staffed emergency room, medical testing and imaging,
but Upper Chesapeake officials say they want to emphasize inpatient and
outpatient behavioral health and space for short-stay observation of patients,
rather than long-term stays in the hospital.

Mallonee noted the emergency department on the new medical campus will be 20,000
square feet, more than double the size of the 8,000-square-foot ER at Harford
Memorial.

"With appropriate state approval, there will be advanced diagnostic testing to
support the needs of our Emergency Department and observation stay patients,"
Mallonee stated.

Upper Chesapeake Health, which has more than 3,000 employees, is the largest
private employer in Harford County, according to Mumby.

Health system officials expect the Havre de Grace medical center, as well as
expansions to facilities at Upper Chesapeake Medical Center in Bel Air, would be
complete by 2020.

"Early indications are that the plan will benefit the City of Havre de Grace and
Harford County and the region," Mumby said.

Upper Chesapeake officials hosted two public information sessions in Havre de
Grace in February, when they fielded community concerns about the economic
impact of Harford Memorial being shuttered downtown, whether patients could get
the same services on the new campus and the impact of the move on emergency
services in Cecil and Harford counties.

A second meeting is scheduled for April 5 in Perryville at 6 p.m. in the
Perryville Fire Hall, 920 Principio Furnace Road. Participants should register
online at umuch.org/2020HdGCampus.

More oversight sought

In response to the many community concerns about the plan to close Harford
Memorial -- concerns that she shares -- Harford Del. Mary Ann Lisanti, a
Democrat from Havre de Grace, has lent her support to House Bill 1121.

The proposed hybrid Havre de Grace medical center would have about 100 fewer
employees than the workforce at Harford Memorial, and the number of beds would
be reduced from 84 to 52, although more beds in the new facility would be
reserved for behavioral health patients. Those are concerns for Lisanti.

The primary sponsor of HB-1121 is Democratic Del. Joseline A. Pena-Melnyk, who
represents Anne Arundel and Prince George's counties. Lisanti is one of 53
co-sponsors, and the only delegate from Harford to sign on.

Companion legislation in the Senate, SB-12, is sponsored by Sen. Jim Rosapepe, a
Democrat who represents Anne Arundel and Prince George's, and Sen. Stephen S.
Hershey Jr., a Republican who represents the Upper Eastern Shore.

The primary sponsors of both bills represent residents of Kent County and Laurel
where community hospital closures are planned. In Kent County, Shore Medical
Center in Chestertown is owned by the University of Maryland Health System, as
is Harford Memorial.

Under the two bills, any proposed hospital closure must be reported to a local
board of health at least 90 days before the anticipated closure date, and the
board must hold a public hearing within 30 days of receiving notice. State
health boards must also be involved in the process, according to the bill. In
Harford County, the county council sits as the county board of health.

"I want people to understand the impact on health care is across the board,"
Lisanti said Tuesday.

While Lisanti says she recognizes Glassman's "sensitivity toward mental health,
she disagrees with the county executive's support for the Upper Chesapeake
project, noting there will be a loss of jobs and medical services with the
"limited-care clinic" that is being proposed as an alternative to Harford
Memorial.

She said she wants to work with legislative leaders to "make sure health care
needs are provided for."

Mallonee, the Upper Chesapeake spokesperson, said the health system's position
on HB-1121 is that "the appropriate place for the review and approval for
changes in acute care hospital¹s scope of services should rest with state
regulatory bodies sanctioned with this authority. The Board of Health does not
have the in-depth knowledge of the state health plan."

"We remain responsible stewards to our patients and their families as well as to
the Havre de Grace community," Mallonee said. "We believe our plan addresses our
community needs as we know them today with an eye to the future."

___ (c)2016 The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) Visit The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) at
www.baltimoresun.com/explore/harford/publications/the-aegis Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160303-1AE-Dueling-state-bills-would-affect
-Harford-medical-system-s-expansion-plans-one-way-or-another-0303-20160303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AE


                            Copyright 2016 The Aegis


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Pipeline upgrades affect Rock, Walworth counties

BYLINE: Catherine W. Idzerda, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1049 words


May 31--TOWN OF LIMA -- More crude oil will flow through the northeast corner of
Rock County and Walworth County if a Canadian energy company gets the go-ahead
for upgrades.

Enbridge, an energy company based in Calgary, Alberta, hopes to complete
upgrades to four pumping stations--including one in northeast Rock County--in
2014 as part of a project to increase its ability to move crude oil from Canada
and North Dakota to refineries in the Great Lakes region. A second phase of pump
station upgrades is planned in 2015.

Supporters see the Wisconsin pipeline and the proposed Keystone XL pipeline from
western Canada to the Gulf Coast as critical tools in reducing U.S. dependence
on foreign oil.

Enbridge's Delavan pump station is located off  Highway 59 in the town of Lima
in Rock County, about 25 miles northwest of Delavan.

From that station, the pipeline heads in two directions: southeast through
Walworth County toward Chicago and south.

The pipeline, which is referred to as Line 61, has been in use since 2009.

"Around that time, there was an economic decline, and the economy was a little
slack," said Becky Haase, Enbridge spokesperson. "Things are changing. The
economy is getting back on its feet."

The pipeline has been carrying about 400,000 barrels per day.

Demand is up, and the company wants to increase the flow to the pipeline's
capacity of 1.2 million barrels per day. The revamped pipeline is scheduled to
be in operation in 2016.

According to Enbridge, its pipelines are:

-Built with high-quality steel pipe and are factory- and field-tested.

-Inspected at every weld, "far exceeding the required 10 percent sampling
mandated by federal regulation."

-Pressure-tested with water "at levels above the authorized operating pressure."

-Monitored 24 hours a day by computerized systems and controllers. Flow-rate
alarms and abnormal changes in pipeline pressure would prompt either a
computerized shutdown of the line, or control room operators would shut down the
system "within minutes."

The last statement doesn't reassure environmentalists and others who remember
the 2010 pipeline spill in Kalamazoo, Michigan.

On July 25, 2010, alarms went off in Enbridge's control room indicating that a
pipeline had burst.

Three shifts of pipeline operators misinterpreted those signals, according to a
2012 report from the National Transportation Safety Board.

The safety board blamed the company for failing to follow its own safety
protocol, and it also blamed the federal government for failing to give its
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration the "staff or regulatory
muscle to safeguard the public," according to a 2012 National Public Radio
story.

At the time, Deborah Hersman, NTSB chairwoman, said it wasn't until "17 hours
and 19 minutes after the rupture that a worker from a local gas utility found
the spill and notified the Enbridge control center."

More than 800,000 gallons of crude oil spilled into wetlands, a creek and the
Kalamazoo River.

As of April 2013, the spill has cost more than $1 billion to clean up. That's in
part because the pipe was carrying tar sands, a type of crude that is much
heavier than  regular crude.

In order to travel through the pipeline, the crude oil is diluted with a lighter
hydrocarbon mixture that is not unlike gasoline, said Stephen Hamilton, the
Michigan state ecology professor who serves as a science adviser for the
Kalamazoo spill.

When a spill occurs in water, that material evaporates quickly, he said, and the
remaining crude floats briefly before sinking to the bottom.

That evaporation releases a variety of chemicals, including benzene, a substance
that causes health problems ranging from nervous system issues to cancer.

Enbridge also paid $1.1 million to settle claimsby the DNR and the state
Department of Justice that numerous environmental laws were broken during
construction of the initial phase of its pipeline system in Wisconsin in 2007
and 2008. The forfeiture involved more than 100 environmental violations in 14
counties.

An Enbridge spokeswoman told the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel that the company has
spent more than $4 billion in the past two years to upgrade safety and
inspection of its pipeline system and other related costs.

For Jefferson County Board Supervisor Walt Christensen, "it's kind of hard to
rank" the potential dangers of the pipeline.

"My understanding is that the pipeline was built to handle the volume and
pressure described in documents as 1.2 million barrels per day," Christensen
wrote in an e-mail. "However, that was six years ago, and since then we have
seen a lot of pipeline failures.

"I believe the high number of failures reveals a greater risk than anyone
planned for and so the risk-benefit ratio should be re-examined before allowing
the pipe to be stressed at full pressure."

Christensen's resolution opposing a DNR air permit for the project and asking
for an environmental assessment passed at the Jefferson County Board's May
meeting.

Among the resolution's points:

-The pipeline passes under the Rock River south of Fort Atkinson just north of
Lake Koshkonong.

-The material transported in the pipeline is tar sands, which is more corrosive
and acidic than traditional oil and leads to about 3.6 times more spills per
mile.

-The DNR only held one public hearing on the issue, and that was in Superior.

-Failure would constitute a "significant threat to the waters and property
values of Jefferson County because at peak operation, this pipeline will carry
more oil than the proposed Keystone Pipeline."

Along with the possibility of a big spill, Christensen is concerned that the
pipeline could be--and perhaps already is--an "oozing menace."

Given the amount of crude traveling through the pipeline, even the most
sensitive system might not pick up small leaks, he said..

The only approval that Enbridge needs is from the DNR for an air permit for work
on its Superior pumping station. The comment period on that request has ended.

The DNR has 60 days to make a decision, according to a story in the Journal
Sentinel.  The decision would be delayed if the DNR conducts an environmental
analysis, the story said. .

___ (c)2014 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140531-JG-Pipeline-upgrades-affect
-Rock-Walworth-counties-0531-20140531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2014 The Janesville Gazette


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 1, 2013 Wednesday

Spokeswoman: Cuts unlikely to affect Interstate 90/39 project

BYLINE: Jim Leute, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


May 01--MADISON -- A proposal by Gov. Scott Walker's administration to delay
work on two Milwaukee-area interchange projects should not have a material
effect on the proposed expansion of Interstate 90/39 between the Illinois state
line and Madison, a state spokeswoman said Tuesday.

Walker's administration on Monday advanced a list of possible spending cuts that
the state Joint Finance Committee could consider to help close a $63.4 million
shortfall in the state's road fund over the next two years.

The proposal includes:

-- Delaying work on the I-94 North-South and Zoo Interchange projects in
Milwaukee, saving $33 million.

-- Cutting money for repaving and repairing state highways by $12.3 million.

-- Reducing major highway program funding by $7.3 million, which is less than 1
percent of the total amount budgeted for major highway expansion, including the
Interstate 90/39 project, said department spokeswoman Peg Schmitt.

The 2013-15 budget includes about $70 million for the local project, with the
majority of construction spending forecast in 2015 and beyond.

-- Cutting transportation aid to local governments by $4.3 million.

-- Decreasing payments for the Hiawatha passenger trains to Chicago by $1.1
million.

-- Cutting routine highway maintenance by $2.5 million.

Material from Gazette wire services was used in this story.

___ (c)2013 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130501-JG-Spokeswoman-Cuts-unlikely-to-affect
-Interstate-90-39-project-20130501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2013 The Janesville Gazette


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 16, 2011 Sunday

State of play: Date could affect candidates

BYLINE: Christinia Crippes, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words


Oct. 16--State and local party leaders are anxiously waiting to see what other
states do before the former set the Iowa caucus date.

But none may be more anxious than the Republican presidential candidates, who
can see their chances at taking a win in Iowa diminished or boosted by an
earlier date.

University of Iowa political science professor Tim Hagle said in general, an
earlier date -- speculation is Iowa will hold its caucus Jan. 3, as opposed to
Feb. 6 -- will help the frontrunner. According to a number of polls, that means
an earlier date helps former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, who hasn't spent
much time in Iowa.

That may be changing, though, as Romney has scheduled a visit to
Republican-leaning western Iowa.

"If New Hampshire decides to shoot itself in the foot by going in December --
which I can't imagine happening, but if they do -- it may actually hurt Romney,"
Hagle said. "Romney seems to be sitting pretty now."

Hagle said if New Hampshire's Secretary of State Bill Gardner puts the state's
primary in mid-December, as he suggested is possible, it would leave Romney, the
frontrunner there, with little momentum heading into other contests that may be
after the holiday season.

Hagle said since tea party members have yet to coalesce around a particular
candidate, that could be another opening for Romney, as the not-Romney vote will
be split among a number of candidates.

Still, Hagle also can imagine other scenarios playing out where the prohibitive
frontrunner does not fare as well in Iowa.

He said all of the presidential candidates are at varying stages of an arc.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry, for instance, is on a downward slope after a quick
ascent; whereas businessman Herman Cain is on the rise, after holding steady for
months.

Hagle said depending on when the caucus is, any of the candidates could be on
the rise and find themselves helped.

Plus, he said U.S. Rep. Ron Paul, R-Texas, has a passionate base that could be
helped if the caucuses are on a day when few but the most passionate would turn
out.

"Anything that depresses turnout in general helps Paul," Hagle said. "Not just
here in Iowa, everywhere he happens to be competing, especially in an open straw
poll."

He said Paul steadily polls in the 10 to 15 percent range, and if his supporters
are more passionate and more likely to turn out than other candidates'
supporters, they could find themselves on top at the end of caucus night.

Hagle said to help themselves see that upswing before the caucuses, he expects
many candidates to spend time in Iowa around the holiday season.

Lee County Republican Chairman Don Lucas suspects candidates not riding high may
decide to cut their losses in Iowa and try to regroup in other early states.
Lucas said although U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., has fallen in national
polls, she grew up in Iowa and may do all right in the state. Chairmen, however,
do not endorse any candidates in contested primaries.

Henry County Republican Chairman Brian Roth said it boils down to finances and
whether the candidates can afford to spread themselves out in Iowa. The earlier
date and compressed time frame probably will help them save some dough, he said.

Hagle and local GOP leaders believe the field is set, regardless of the caucus
date, as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin opted
against running. Hagle said, though, the compressed primary season makes it even
less likely.

He said the only candidate who could do it would be someone with a lot of name
recognition and a lot of money. The only person fitting that description that
came to Hagle's mind is business mogul Donald Trump, who has already said he's
not running.

"At this point, they may not like Romney, but they'll support him if he's the
nominee. 'OK, he's not the first choice, but he's certainly better than
(President) Obama,' in their view," Hagle said.

___ (c)2011 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111016-QW-State-of-play-Date-could-affect-candidates-1016-20111016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2011 The Hawk Eye


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2011 Friday

Postal Service plan could affect Hutch

BYLINE: John Green, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 704 words


Sept. 16--A proposal by the U.S. Postal Service to change its first-class
delivery standard from overnight mail to delivery in two to three days will also
open up the possibility of moving postal sorting operations from Hutchinson,
Dodge City, Salina and Hays to Wichita.

The U.S. Postal Service announced Thursday it has launched separate studies at
each location to explore doing just that.

The announcement comes just three months after completion of a previous study
that looked at consolidating Hutchinson's operation into Wichita's. That study
resulted in moving outgoing mail processing -- and three jobs -- from Hutchinson
to Wichita, but it left intact incoming mail operations -- and 35 jobs -- in
Hutchinson.

The outgoing mail processing change -- an end to local postmarking -- takes
effect Saturday. Officials project it will save $58,000 a year.

The difference between the studies, explained Postal Service spokesman Brian
Sperry of Denver, is that the change in service standards would alter how the
centers could operate.

The new larger study is being duplicated at 252 postal processing centers around
the nation.

"Currently in our mail processing centers, mail that comes in must be processed
in about a six-hour window and then it is sent back out," Sperry said. "We have
to do that to have the overnight commitment."

If the overnight standard was changed, it would allow the processing system to
be totally realigned, Sperry said.

"That would open up the operating window to process mail 18 to 20 hours per
day," he said. "It would allow for more efficiencies."

The postal service estimates consolidation of all 252 sites would save the
agency some $3 billion per year. The agency, which is federally regulated but
receives no tax dollars for operations, lost $8.5 billion last year and is
projecting $10 billion in losses for 2011.

"Eighty percent of our cost is employee cost, so a lot would be saved by
reducing the number of employees on the rolls," Sperry said. "Should the study
prompt changes in local operations, though, every attempt will be made to
reassign affected employees to others positions, in full accord with collective
bargaining."

"This is only a feasibility study," Sperry emphasized. "No decisions have been
made."

With publication of the proposal in the Federal Register, the public has an
opportunity to comment on the plan. Submit comments to: Manager, Consumer and
Industry Contact, P.O. Box 199504, Omaha NE 68119-9504.

The consolidation study should take about three months for each location. If the
study recommends consolidation, the Postal Service will then schedule public
meetings to further allow customers to provide input on the plan.

Besides looking at consolidating the Hutchinson, Dodge City, Salina and Hays
operations into Wichita, the study will explore consolidating the Colby center
into Denver and the Topeka center into Kansas City, Mo.

"First-class overall mail volume has declined 25 percent in last five years and
first-class single piece -letters bearing postage stamps -- by 36 percent,"
Sperry said. "That's due to the poor economy and the increase in digital
communications. The post office doesn't see that volume returning. In fact, it's
projected to decline by 50 percent over the next five years. The post office has
to reduce its costs and become more efficient. It's lost a significant portion
of its business and now we have to shrink our infrastructure to remain viable.

"We're looking at every level of operation to make changes, whether it's the
processing network to consolidating carrier routes to eliminating administrative
positions."

The Postal Service will present its change in service proposal to the Postal
Regulatory Commission in November, Sperry said. The commission is advisory and
its opinions are non-binding on the Postal Service, but "any advisory opinion
would certainly be taken into consideration."

"We think most people will not notice much of a change," Sperry said, if the
overnight service standard is changed. "We think most customers will be able to
adjust to the one-day change."

___ (c)2011 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110916-VZ-Postal-Service-plan-could-affect-Hutch-0916-20110916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2011 The Hutchinson News


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 5, 2017

                                 Bronner Bros.

                             2141 Powers Ferry Road
                                 Marietta 30067
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Bronner Bros. is a manufacturer and distributer of hair and skin care products
targeted towards African Americans. Partnership with Wal-Mart and Wide product
portfolio are the company's key strengths, whereas lack of geographic diversity
remains a concern area. In the future, rising labor costs in the US, rising
counterfeit goods in the market and changing consumer preferences and may affect
its business operations. However, increasing buying power of African-Americans,
increase in consumer spending in the US, growing demand for organic products in
the US are likely to offer growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
PARTNERSHIP WITH WAL-MART
The company's revenue and business was small till, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. began
carrying its products in 1984. The partnership helped the company to grow and in
2004 it was named by Wal-Mart as its top vendor of the year. The relationship
with Wal-Mart has helped the company to grow and due to the dominant presence of
Wal-Mart in the US retail space the partnership is likely to continue to benefit
the company.
WIDE PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
The company offers various hair and skin care products to meet its consumer
needs. Bronner Bros primarily operates through four product lines: Bronner Bros
Retail, 4Naturals, Tropical Roots, and NuExpressions. Its products include
shampoos, conditioners, twist creams, frizz serum, curl refresher,
reconstructor, locking gels, spray oils, twist creams, shampoo sprays, firm
locking gel, pomade, conditioning shampoo, relaxer, foam wrapping lotion and
growth oils. It also operates one shopping facility, two beauty stores and one
hair weaving studio. Wide product portfolio makes the company a one-stop
solution for its client requirements related to hair and skin care products.

WEAKNESSES:
LACK OF GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY
The company lacks diversity in terms of geographic reach. The company's
manufacturing facility, shipping, labeling and research and development lab and
professional sales and show office are concentrated in the state of Georgia, the
US. Over dependence on any particular region or country increases the business
risks of the company by exposing it to the economic and geopolitical risks
associated with the region or country. It acts as a hindrance to the
international growth plans of the company.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASING BUYING POWER OF AFRICAN-AMERICANS
The company may benefit from the increasing buying power of African-Americans.
According to Jeffrey M. Humphreys, The Multicultural Economy 2013, Selig Center
for Economic Growth, Terry College of Business, University of Georgia, Georgia
Business and Economic Conditions, African-American buying power has increased
from US$316.3 billion in 1990 to US$946.6 billion in 2010 and is projected to
increase to US$1.3 trillion by 2017. The percentage change in African-Americans'
buying power between 1990 and 2017 is 312.8%, higher than the 255.8% growth rate
for whites. African-Americans' share of the consumer market was 8.5% in 2010,
and is expected to increase to 8.7% by 2017. As African Americans become more
affluent and have higher purchasing power, they may spend more on health and
beauty items. The company may benefit from the increased affluence and
purchasing power of the African American community due to its focus on that
ethnic market.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company may benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
November 2015, both the personal income (PI) in the US, and disposable personal
income (DPI) increased by 0.3% each, as compared to October 2015. In addition,
the real DPI increased by 0.2% in November 2015 as compared to October 2015. PI
and DPI have been consistently increasing every month in the US. The company
offers a range of hair and skin care products in the US. Growing personal
income, disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures
indicate improved consumer spending in the US, which may positively affect the
purchases of products of companies such as Bronner Bros.
GROWING DEMAND FOR ORGANIC PERSONAL CARE PRODUCTS
The company may benefit from the growing demand for organic personal care
products. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the global market
for herbal products is estimated to be US$5 trillion in 2050. Furthermore,
according to Organic Trade Association's 2013 Organic Industry Survey, the sales
of organic food and non-food products in the US increased by 11.3% to US$39.1
billion in 2015 as compared to 2014. This can be primarily attributed to the
growing interest in a healthier lifestyle and increasingly critical attitude of
consumers towards oil-based ingredients and chemicals in skin and hair care
products. The company may consider including organic products in its portfolio
and benefit from the growing popularity of organic products.

THREATS:
RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS IN THE MARKET
The company's business may be affected as a result of the huge influx of
counterfeit products in the US. High penetration of counterfeit merchandise may
lower the company's sales and affect its profit margins. Moreover, as customers
mistakenly purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, the low quality of
the products affects consumer confidence and also damages the brand image of the
genuine company. In February 2011, International Chamber of Commerce (ICC)
reported that the global economic and social impacts of counterfeiting and
piracy is expected to reach US$2 trillion by 2015 and places 3 million
legitimate jobs at risk every year. International trade in fakes is expected to
increase to US$960 billion by 2015. Through low price offerings, the imitated
goods are affecting the sales of the branded and genuine products. The company
primarily manufactures and distributes hair and skin care products. Therefore,
it is prone to these challenges and any under performance of the counterfeit
products may have a major affect on the company's revenues.
RISING LABOR COSTS IN THE US
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees are resulting in an increase in labor costs. The federal
minimum wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).
Effective 1 January 2016, 14 states in the US increased their minimum wage rates
due to rise in the cost of living. The minimum wage rate in the US remained at
US$5 per hour during 1997 and increased to US$7.25 per hour in July 2015. The
minimum wage rates have crossed US$8 per hour in several states such as
Washington, Connecticut, Illinois, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont,
California, District of Colombia, Oregon and Massachusetts, among others.
Additionally, 21 states have minimum wages more than federal minimum wages. As
the company primarily operates in the US, such rise in minimum wages may
increase its operating costs, which in turn affects its profit margins.
CHANGING CONSUMER PREFERENCES
The company is subject to changing consumer preferences, which may reduce sale
of traditional products. Bronner Bros should constantly develop, produce and
market new products or make changes to its products in order to maintain and
enhance the recognition and appeal in the market. Prediction of consumer
preferences and spending patterns is difficult to track. Change in market demand
due to altering consumer preferences and spending may result in overproduction
of some products which may not be sold at anticipated prices or an unexpected
increase in returned products. The company's business, financial condition and
the results of its operations may adversely affect if it is unable to respond to
new fashion trends and changing consumer demands.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Proposed change could affect free school lunches

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 592 words


May 16--Congress is considering changes in the 2010 Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act that could affect more than 1,000 students in Owensboro Public Schools.

TheAtlantic.com explained it like this recently: "The Community Eligibility
Provision, now in its second year of nationwide availability, allows
high-poverty schools to offer free breakfast and lunch to all students at no
cost, instead of collecting individual applications for free or reduced-price
meals for students who qualify based on family income.

"Whether a school is eligible for the provision is based on data illustrating
how many children are food insecure, whether they live in households that
receive food stamps, live in foster care, are homeless, or other criteria that
identify them as part of a food-vulnerable group.

"Under the program, a school district, group of schools, or single school with
40 percent or more "identified students" -- those who automatically qualify for
free school meals because they fall within the prior special classification --
is eligible to adopt community eligibility.

"The House bill would raise the eligibility threshold to 60 percent, forcing
thousands of high-poverty schools nationally to rollback school meals."

Nick Brake, superintendent of Owensboro schools, is hopeful that his district
will be spared cuts.

"I have been working with Congressman (Brett) Guthrie's office on this issue,"
Brake said. "We are still looking at the overall numbers, but our district
average is 63 percent, so it looks favorable that we will be able to continue to
provide the benefit of this vital program in the future."

He said, "We have worked hard to voice our strong support for the CEP program
and intend to do everything we can to continue to provide meals at no cost to
OPS families."

The worst-case scenario, Brake said, would be "if the law only permits those
schools that have more than 63 percent of students qualify instead of using the
district average, then we would have four schools with averages lower than than
that -- Sutton, Newton Parrish, Innovation Academy and OHS. If the students at
these schools that did not qualify fell through the cracks, then it would effect
about 1,069 students."

He said, "Obviously, we are working hard with our federal delegation to make
sure the legislation allows for the district average to qualify all students. We
have a lot of families that fall between the cracks and would be considered
working poor. This program has really helped them out a lot. It puts a lot of
money in their pockets each month."

Randy McCarty, superintendent of Muhlenberg County schools, said, "I feel
Muhlenberg County would still qualify. Once a district goes CEP, it stays in
place for four years."

Superintendents in Daviess, Hancock, Ohio and McLean school districts said their
numbers are below 40 percent now and they cannot participate in the program.

The Lexington Herald-Leader reported recently that "more than 10,000 students at
17 public schools in Fayette County" would be affected by the proposed change,
which is part of House Resolution 5003, the child nutrition reauthorization bill
introduced by Rep. Todd Rokita, an Indiana Republican.

The story said that 343 Kentucky schools serving 190,721 children would no
longer would be eligible to use the provision if the proposed legislation
passes.

Keith Lawrence, 270-691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2016 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160516-OW-Proposed-change-could-affect
-free-school-lunches-0516-20160516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2016 Messenger-Inquirer


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Burningtree school will affect other elementary sites in Decatur

BYLINE: Deangelo McDaniel, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 790 words


March 15--A new elementary school in the Burningtree area would affect students
districtwide and lead to the closure of some existing schools, said Decatur City
Schools Superintendent Ed Nichols.

Nichols surprised some last month when he said he was looking to construct a
school in Burningtree "sooner rather than later" and might borrow money for the
project as part of a bond package to pay for the new Austin and Decatur high
schools.

"My plan is to finish the two high schools, then look at our elementary
schools," Nichols said last week. "But we have to plan now."

The school board can move forward with the proposed project because federal
Judge R. David Proctor granted the district partial unitary status in July 2012
when he ended oversight in five of the six "Green Factors" -- court precedents
that set requirements to end a 45-year-old desegregation order.

Talk of building an elementary school in the predominantly white, more affluent
part of the city has been on the table for almost three decades, but former
Superintendent Sam Houston said he never put it on the agenda because it would
have been difficult to get approval from the U.S. Justice Department.

Houston retired shortly after the system gained partial unitary status in 2012.

"Some of the board members advocated for a school in Burningtree, but our goal
as a board was to meet the requirement for unitary status," he said.

Board President Karen Duke has been on the board 14 years and always has
supported a school in Burningtree. She doesn't necessarily agree that federal
authorities wouldn't have approved a school in the area before Proctor's ruling
"because we never asked."

"The school system has changed immensely in a short period of time, and we're
making every effort to educate every child to the best of our ability," Duke
said.

The school district constructed Banks-Caddell Elementary when Houston was in
office and Duke was on the board. He said Decatur had to submit zone attendance
lines on how Banks-Caddell affected the racial composition of other schools.

The system is no longer bound by this requirement, but Nichols said he plans to
seek Justice Department guidance before construction starts on a Burningtree
school.

"We have to do our due diligence, but we're years away," he said.

The board added two new elementary schools to its state-required capital
improvement plan in September as part of an unfunded list that totaled about
$100 million.

Nichols said interest rates may allow the board to borrow more than the planned
$80 million for the two high schools and still be able to make its proposed
annual payment of $4 million for new debt. He said DCS may borrow as much as $85
million, with some of the money used for an elementary school in Burningtree.

Board member Michele Gray King said she's not opposed to a school in Burningtree
but doesn't want the system to create a predominantly white school because it's
no longer under the desegregation order.

She also doesn't want the district to bus students from predominantly black
Northwest Decatur to achieve racial balance in the school.

"We need to keep all our students in the diverse world we live in," King said.

Nichols said the district can achieve racial diversity by redrawing attendance
lines. Decatur has 10 elementary attendance zones, but this will change because
the system likely will close some of its elementary schools if Burningtree is
constructed.

He declined to say which schools might be closed, but Burningtree residents are
zoned for Walter Jackson or Francis Nungester.

In 2013, Steve Salmon, of RKR Planning in Bremen, Georgia, recommended in a
facilities study that DCS look at closing some of its elementary schools because
they were underutilized. Walter Jackson was one of the schools cited for
closure.

That same study, which DCS commissioned for $12,500, didn't recommend a
Burningtree school. Salmon said there were 301 school-age students in the area
and only 166 of them attended school in Decatur.

He strongly disagreed with Duke's theory of "build it and they will come."

Nichols said he is pressing forward with the project because he believes the
school will create growth and serve as a feeder for the new Decatur High School.
He said he has talked with several developers who are "waiting for us to put a
school in the area."

Councilman Gary Hammon also supports the school. He said developer Joe Duckworth
Sr., of Tuscaloosa, has delayed constructing 400 rooftops because there is no
school in Burningtree.

The school system and city already own 24 acres on Red Bank Road that would be
the site for the school.

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150315-DD-Burningtree-school-will-affect
-other-elementary-sites-in-Decatur-0315-20150315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 21, 2013 Sunday

Airline merger could affect direct flights to D.C.

BYLINE: Amanda Hickey, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


July 21--Onslow County officials say a proposed airline merger could affect
direct flights from Albert J. Ellis Airport to Washington D.C.

County officials are asking the U.S. Justice Department to support the merger
between U.S. Airways and American Airlines, but are asking not to support
forcing the combined airline to give away or sell some of its landing slots.

"What we're saying is if the Department of Justice requires ... the combined
airline to give up some of those slots, some of the smaller airports that have
direct flights that go into D.C. might lose some of their flights," Airport
Director Chris White said.

White said that while airlines make money from smaller airports such as Albert
J. Ellis, they make more money off the bigger city airports and, if they must
cut landing slots, smaller airports could be the first to see the cuts.

The Onslow County Board of Commissioners signed a resolution supporting the
merger during Monday night's regular meeting.

"It's just an effort on our part to preserve our direct flight to Washington DC.
... We have a lot of people who take that flight, who like that flight," White
said. "We'd actually like to get more flights to Washington D.C. in the future,
but we want to keep what we have."

Direct flights to Washington D.C. began May 2012.

White said there is one flight to Washington D.C. that leaves daily at 6 a.m.
and returns at 10:30 p.m.

On average, about 75 percent of the 50 seats of the U.S. Airways flight are
full, he said.

Amanda Hickey is the government reporter at The Daily News. She can be reached
at amanda.hickey@jdnews.com

___ (c)2013 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130721-JN-Airline-merger-could-affect
-direct-flights-to-D-C-0721-20130721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2013 The Daily News


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday

BRIEF: How reassessment and taxes affect one another

BYLINE: Ed Palattella, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 118 words


March 17--The assessed value of a property affects the amount of its property
taxes, but the relationship can be complicated, particularly during a
reassessment.

As Erie County's reassessment proceeds, one of the main points to consider is
that by law, a reassessment is supposed to be revenue-neutral.

It is supposed to lead to a redistribution of the property tax burden -- with
some property owners paying less and some more -- without leading to an overall
increase in property tax revenue.

For more points on reassessment, go to Sunday's Erie Times-News and GoErie.com.

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120317-EI-BRF-How-reassessment-and-taxes-affect
-one-another-0317-20120317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 26, 2010 Sunday

Tax deadline affects local nonprofits

BYLINE: Pam Haynes High Point Enterprise, High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Sept. 26--HIGH POINT -- A tax filing deadline approaching next month could
affect the tax-exempt status of nonprofit organizations, including some in High
Point, according to the Internal Revenue Service.

Small non-profit organizations that failed to file required tax returns for
2007, 2008 and 2009 must file a one-time relief form at www.IRS.gov by Oct. 15
or they could lose their tax-exempt status. The form requires eight pieces of
information.

Mark Hanson, local IRS spokesman, said losing the status could require the
organization's to start paying taxes on some of their earnings, or it could
dissuade donors from giving as their donations may no longer be tax-deductible.

The IRS released a list of more than 10,000 organization's across the state that
are deemed "at-risk," or haven't completed the forms yet. Those organizations
include dozens from the High Point and Greensboro area.

Some of the prominent High Point organizations on the list are the Rosetta C.
Baldwin Foundation, which honors the late, long-time educator of the same name,
and the High Point Junior Chamber Jaycees, a leadership organization for young
adults.

A spokesperson for the Baldwin foundation couldn't be reached Thursday, but
Jaycees officials said the organization is on track to meet filing deadlines and
maintain tax-exempt status.

"In a non-profit like ours, the board (of directors) changes every year," said
Troy Powell, treasurer of the High Point Jaycees and president-elect for the
N.C. Jaycees. "Our president is only allowed to serve a one-year term, so we
didn't know who had filed what. We had no structure in place to fill out those
forms, so we've hired a tax preparer and we have a system now."

Powell said that the nonprofit, which organizes the yearly boat drag races at
Oak Hollow Lake, looks forward to keeping its tax-exempt status and remaining
active in the community.

The Baldwin foundation also has the Rosetta C. Baldwin Museum at 1408 R.C.
Baldwin Ave.

Other High Point organizations on the at-risk list include the High Point
Alcohol and Drug Action Coalition and the Kimberly House. It also includes some
already defunct organizations, such as the N.C. Furniture Retailers Association.

Hanson said its imperative for the non-profits to fill out the form, also known
as an e-post card.

"The loss of (tax-exempt) status could greatly impact the organizations'
charitable work and their donors' potential tax deductions," he said.

phaynes@hpe.com -- 888-3617

To see more of the High Point Enterprise, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hpe.com. Copyright (c) 2010, High Point Enterprise, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100926-HP-Tax-deadline-affects-local-nonprofits-0926-20100926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2010 High Point Enterprise


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: LGC Seminar How Being Overweight Affects Your Body @ the Cottonwood
Recreation Center

LENGTH: 212  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


City of Cottonwood has issued the following event detail:

LGC Seminar How Being Overweight Affects Your Body @ the Cottonwood Recreation
Center
Tue, February 3, 5:30pm - 6:30pm
Where
Cottonwood Recreation Center, 150 South 6th Street, Cottonwood, Arizona, 86326
map
Calendar
City of Cottonwood
Created by
sjacobs963@gmail.com
Description
LGC SEMINAR ON HOW BEING OVER WEIGHT AFFECTS YOUR BODY How Being Overweight
Affects your mind and body is the topic of February's free Lookin Good
Cottonwood community lecture, sponsored by Northern Arizona Healthcare's Verde
Valley Medical Center in partnership with the Cottonwood Recreation Center. The
lecture is from 5:30 pm to 6:30 pm, Tuesday, February 3, 2015 at the Cottonwood
Recreation Center in the Cottonwood Room. Sports Medicine physician and
orthopedics surgeon Brad Williams, M.D., PH.D., will discuss the many ways
excess weight adversely affects your mind and body. Learn how making some small,
basic lifestyle changes can improve your overall health and well-being. For more
additional information or questions regarding this informational lecture, please
contact the Cottonwood Recreation Center at 639-3200.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              May 18, 2015 Monday

When Warriors are under pressure, Curry finds a solution;
N.B.A.'s most valuable continues to improve and looks to conference finals

BYLINE: SCOTT CACCIOLA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 979 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS

ABSTRACT

The Warriors, after winning 67 games in the regular season, are turning the
playoffs into a grand stage for Stephen Curry, who can affect the entire league.


FULL TEXT

As his team got off to a sputtering start against the Memphis Grizzlies in their
Western Conference semifinal series, Steve Kerr, the first-year coach of the
Golden State Warriors, met with Stephen Curry, his prize pupil, and emphasized a
couple of points.

''Make the simple play,'' Kerr recalled in an interview Friday night outside the
Warriors' locker room at FedEx Forum. ''Move the ball and trust that it will
come back to you.''

Kerr added: ''Sometimes, he gets a little carried away - overdribbling - because
he's so talented. In some ways, I think the most talented players are the ones
who have to make the most difficult choices because they're capable of anything.
Being disciplined and making the right play is actually a lot harder when you're
gifted.''

Recently named the N.B.A.'s most valuable player at age 27, Curry is still
capable of improvement - and Kerr saw growth as the Warriors closed out the
series in six games, with their 108-95 victory on Friday assuring them a spot in
the conference finals against either the Los Angeles Clippers or the Houston
Rockets.

''He's so coachable,'' Kerr said. ''Just tell him what you want, and he nods his
head.''

The Warriors, after winning 67 games in the regular season, are turning the
playoffs into a grand stage for Curry. Whenever he takes the court, his impact
takes shape in concentric circles, the way ripples form and expand after a
pebble splashes into a pond.

He affects individual plays, as he did Friday with his 62-foot heave to
punctuate the third quarter, a crushing blow to the Grizzlies, who had expended
so much energy gnawing at the Warriors' lead. (As an aside, the Warriors
regularly practice court-length shots - of course they do.)

Curry affects games, too, collecting 32 points and 10 assists on Friday,
guaranteeing that the Warriors had a pleasant flight home to California.

But he also affects the entire league. Consider for a moment the plight of Marc
Gasol, who had 21 points and 15 rebounds for Memphis. Gasol, a physical and
skilled center who has spent all seven of his N.B.A. seasons with the Grizzlies,
is due for free agency, and his team's loss instantly threw the Memphis
community into a period of collective angst.

Will Gasol stay, or will he go? Gasol, 30, moved to Memphis from Spain as a
teenager, attending high school in the city as his older brother, Pau, became a
star with the Grizzlies. Marc Gasol eventually emerged as a franchise
cornerstone, as someone beloved and embraced by Memphis.

Before the game, Gasol joined his teammates in wearing pale blue T-shirts that
read, ''Grit Grind,'' as they warmed up. The phrase was coined by Tony Allen, a
teammate, but Gasol has been indispensable to the team's blue-collar style.
Gasol stuck with his familiar routine before the opening tip, slamming the
scorer's table with his oversize mitts four times.

Gasol gave everything he had against the Warriors only to come up short amid a
display of perimeter pyrotechnics. Curry was 8 of 13 from 3-point range and
finished with 26 3-pointers in the series. As a team, the Grizzlies made 25.
Although Memphis has made five straight postseason appearances, it has advanced
to the conference finals only once.

Gasol will have no shortage of suitors in free agency this summer, and his
quandary is a real one. Does he remain in his adopted hometown and bank on the
belief that the Grizzlies can make enough improvements to vie with the likes of
the Warriors? Or does he head elsewhere, to the San Antonio Spurs, for example,
with their championship pedigree and a young core led by Kawhi Leonard? (This
assumes, of course, that the Spurs would be interested in Gasol.)

The Grizzlies won 55 games during the regular season, their second-best record
in franchise history, but it meant nothing once Curry got rolling. And he is not
going anywhere anytime soon, a basketball-shooting cyborg likely to present an
obstacle  for years to come.

Afterward, Gasol deflected questions about his future, saying that he had not
spent ''even a second'' considering free agency. Instead, he said, he needed to
focus on making improvements of his own during the off-season. The Warriors had
presented a stiff test, he said, and the Grizzlies had failed.

''They tell you what you need to get better at,'' Gasol said. ''It's up to you
if you want to listen to them or not, if you want to try to answer them.''

While teams like the Grizzlies are aging, the Warriors are young and refining
their approach daily - a scary prospect for opponents who hope to contend with
them moving forward.

After Friday's win, Curry reflected on his first ''chaotic'' playoff experience,
in 2013, when the Warriors, facing the Denver Nuggets in a first-round series,
nearly squandered a double-digit lead in a closeout game. Still susceptible to
the weight of the moment, the Warriors eventually fell to the Spurs in the
conference semifinals.

The Warriors were a different team, of course, with different personnel and a
different coach. But Curry carried those lessons with him, and when the Warriors
found adversity against Memphis, losing Games 2 and 3, they remained grounded
and composed.

''They hit us in the mouth two games in a row,'' Curry said, ''and it was
frustrating just trying to figure it out. And once we did in Game 4, we never
looked back. Our confidence was at an all-time high. Our defense was
unbelievable. Everybody who stepped on the floor was locked in.''

Curry kept using that phrase - ''figure it out'' - which lent the impression
that he, like Gasol, views basketball as an exam, or a puzzle to be solved.
Because there are always solutions, and over the course of a seven-game series,
it seems likely the Warriors will find one first.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                     May 22, 2002 Wednesday Ontario Edition

Teaming up against terror

BYLINE: Graham Fraser, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 840 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Canada to join in U.S. effort, Graham says

Graham Fraser

Canada and the United States are preparing a co-ordinated response to any
terrorist attack with weapons of mass destruction, Foreign Affairs Minister Bill
Graham says.

"If it's anywhere near the border, it's going to affect us," he said of any
possible attack with nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. "An attack on
Seattle would affect Vancouver; an attack on Buffalo would affect Toronto, and
vice versa.

"So I think it's clearly in our interest to work closely with the American
authorities to counteract both the possibility of any terrorist attack in North
America, and also to deal with any consequences of such an attack."

Graham, who left yesterday on a trip to the Middle East, said he did not believe
co-operating with the Americans against terrorism would make Canada vulnerable
to more attacks.

"Even if that were an argument, I think it's an argument we should reject," he
said. "Because I think the Western world has to collaborate in this. It's not
just us and the Americans."

Graham was responding to remarks by U.S. Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld at a
U.S. Senate committee hearing yesterday that terrorists "inevitably will get
their hands on (weapons of mass destruction) and will not hesitate to use them."

"I don't accept in any way that it's inevitable," Graham said, "but I accept
that we have to take steps to counteract it, and we are doing that."

U.S. President George W. Bush told Italy's RAI television yesterday: "Al Qaeda
still exists, they still hate America and any other country which loves freedom,
and they want to hurt us. They're nothing but a bunch of cold-blooded killers."

Bush was the third senior U.S. official to weigh in yesterday with ominous
reminders of the terrorist threat that the White House says is still the gravest
danger facing the West.

"Terrorists are trying every way they can to get their hands on weapons of mass
destruction, whether radiological, chemical, biological or nuclear," U.S.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said in Washington.

White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said the intensifying rhetoric was the
result of increased terrorist "chatter" detected by investigators plus last
week's controversy over the revelation that Bush had learned in August that
Osama bin Laden wanted to hijack U.S. airplanes.

For some time, U.S. intelligence agencies have warned of the risks of terrorist
attacks sponsored by Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya and North Korea, all of which,
Rumsfeld said, have programs to develop and produce chemical, biological or
nuclear weapons.

Yesterday, the New York Police Department warned landmarks like the Statue of
Liberty and the Brooklyn Bridge might be terrorist targets. New York Police
Commissioner Raymond Kelly said the FBI learned of the "general threats" by
interrogating captured Al Qaeda fighters held at the U.S. naval base in
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

Several senior administration officials have warned over the past week that more
terrorist attacks on U.S. soil should be considered not "a matter of 'if' but
'when.'"

The warnings come at a time when Bush is being criticized for inaction after
there were intelligence reports last summer that suggested a terrorist attack
might be being prepared.

The Bush administration, under fire for its handling of terrorism intelligence
before the September attacks, is fighting Democratic-led efforts to have an
independent commission rather than existing congressional intelligence
committees study its performance.

Democrats last week pointed to the disclosure of a July 10 memo from a Phoenix
FBI agent who was concerned about a large number of Arabs seeking pilot,
security and airport operations training at at least one U.S. flight school,
along with the disclosure that Bush had been told in an Aug. 6 intelligence
briefing that Al Qaeda might attempt a hijacking aimed at Americans. The
administration has said the information was not specific enough for it to take
concrete action.

Yesterday, the U.S. Justice Department said Attorney-General John Ashcroft did
not learn until weeks ago of the Phoenix memorandum. FBI agent Kenneth Williams,
who wrote the Phoenix memo, and FBI Director Robert Mueller arranged to brief
the Senate judiciary committee on the memo late yesterday.

The New York Times reported that Ashcroft and Mueller were told a few days after
Sept. 11 about the Phoenix memo. The newspaper said neither official briefed
Bush and his national security staff until recently about the memo.

Yesterday, Congressional Democrats backed by Republican Senator John McCain
stepped up pressure for the independent investigation.

"I do believe that if you took the report from the FBI agent in Phoenix and the
arrest of the individual in Minnesota (Zacarias Moussaoui) and add the CIA
document which outlined a threat and put them all together - which was not done
in a co-ordinated fashion - you might have had different decisions made," McCain
said. Canada to pull out troops, A10

Not a terrorist haven, A12


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                     May 22, 2002 Wednesday Ontario Edition

Teaming up against terror

BYLINE: Graham Fraser, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 840 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Canada to join in U.S. effort, Graham says

Graham Fraser

Canada and the United States are preparing a co-ordinated response to any
terrorist attack with weapons of mass destruction, Foreign Affairs Minister Bill
Graham says.

"If it's anywhere near the border, it's going to affect us," he said of any
possible attack with nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. "An attack on
Seattle would affect Vancouver; an attack on Buffalo would affect Toronto, and
vice versa.

"So I think it's clearly in our interest to work closely with the American
authorities to counteract both the possibility of any terrorist attack in North
America, and also to deal with any consequences of such an attack."

Graham, who left yesterday on a trip to the Middle East, said he did not believe
co-operating with the Americans against terrorism would make Canada vulnerable
to more attacks.

"Even if that were an argument, I think it's an argument we should reject," he
said. "Because I think the Western world has to collaborate in this. It's not
just us and the Americans."

Graham was responding to remarks by U.S. Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld at a
U.S. Senate committee hearing yesterday that terrorists "inevitably will get
their hands on (weapons of mass destruction) and will not hesitate to use them."

"I don't accept in any way that it's inevitable," Graham said, "but I accept
that we have to take steps to counteract it, and we are doing that."

U.S. President George W. Bush told Italy's RAI television yesterday: "Al Qaeda
still exists, they still hate America and any other country which loves freedom,
and they want to hurt us. They're nothing but a bunch of cold-blooded killers."

Bush was the third senior U.S. official to weigh in yesterday with ominous
reminders of the terrorist threat that the White House says is still the gravest
danger facing the West.

"Terrorists are trying every way they can to get their hands on weapons of mass
destruction, whether radiological, chemical, biological or nuclear," U.S.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said in Washington.

White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said the intensifying rhetoric was the
result of increased terrorist "chatter" detected by investigators plus last
week's controversy over the revelation that Bush had learned in August that
Osama bin Laden wanted to hijack U.S. airplanes.

For some time, U.S. intelligence agencies have warned of the risks of terrorist
attacks sponsored by Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya and North Korea, all of which,
Rumsfeld said, have programs to develop and produce chemical, biological or
nuclear weapons.

Yesterday, the New York Police Department warned landmarks like the Statue of
Liberty and the Brooklyn Bridge might be terrorist targets. New York Police
Commissioner Raymond Kelly said the FBI learned of the "general threats" by
interrogating captured Al Qaeda fighters held at the U.S. naval base in
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

Several senior administration officials have warned over the past week that more
terrorist attacks on U.S. soil should be considered not "a matter of 'if' but
'when.'"

The warnings come at a time when Bush is being criticized for inaction after
there were intelligence reports last summer that suggested a terrorist attack
might be being prepared.

The Bush administration, under fire for its handling of terrorism intelligence
before the September attacks, is fighting Democratic-led efforts to have an
independent commission rather than existing congressional intelligence
committees study its performance.

Democrats last week pointed to the disclosure of a July 10 memo from a Phoenix
FBI agent who was concerned about a large number of Arabs seeking pilot,
security and airport operations training at at least one U.S. flight school,
along with the disclosure that Bush had been told in an Aug. 6 intelligence
briefing that Al Qaeda might attempt a hijacking aimed at Americans. The
administration has said the information was not specific enough for it to take
concrete action.

Yesterday, the U.S. Justice Department said Attorney-General John Ashcroft did
not learn until weeks ago of the Phoenix memorandum. FBI agent Kenneth Williams,
who wrote the Phoenix memo, and FBI Director Robert Mueller arranged to brief
the Senate judiciary committee on the memo late yesterday.

The New York Times reported that Ashcroft and Mueller were told a few days after
Sept. 11 about the Phoenix memo. The newspaper said neither official briefed
Bush and his national security staff until recently about the memo.

Yesterday, Congressional Democrats backed by Republican Senator John McCain
stepped up pressure for the independent investigation.

"I do believe that if you took the report from the FBI agent in Phoenix and the
arrest of the individual in Minnesota (Zacarias Moussaoui) and add the CIA
document which outlined a threat and put them all together - which was not done
in a co-ordinated fashion - you might have had different decisions made," McCain
said. Canada to pull out troops, A10

Not a terrorist haven, A12


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                              April 1, 2002 Monday

Commentary: Is today's trash tomorrow's environmental problem?

BYLINE: Harry Anuszkiewicz

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 802 words


As time unfolds, history repeats itself. One would think that the human race
would get the message about the way we live and dispose of what we don't want or
need.

The great Industrial Revolution improved life on this planet, but at what cost?
Protecting the great battleships for the two world wars with a blanket of
asbestos, despite the fact that asbestos was suspected of causing lung problems,
cost the lives of millions on the home front. It also was used in many other
products that have contributed to lung disease. Although our factories have
produced countless modern wonders, little thought was given to the waste that
was generated or its disposal.

Some 34 years ago, I worked as a timekeeper for a mechanical contractor at a
steel mill. Every day, when we saw the state water-pollution inspector coming
down the river in his boat, the steel mill would stop discharging its wastewater
into the river.

Once the inspector completed his business and started down the river again, the
steel mill resumed its discharging.

I used to stand on the factory wall and watch the yellow, red and black liquids
spill out of the various pipes into the river without knowing what it really was
or the damage it could do.

Disposing of contaminants

Now, when a contractor acquires a renovation or demolition project, one of the
first things that needs to be done is a phase one environmental-site assessment
for the Environmental Protection Agency to determine whether hazardous material
is present.

To name only a few of the hazardous materials one may encounter, there are
asbestos, lead, PCBs, old oil-storage tanks, old air-conditioning units and many
others, depending on the use of the property or structure before the work
started.

Routine construction today may pose tomorrow's problems with the improper
disposal of paints, glues, adhesives, mastics and other compounds used on a
daily basis and tossed in the Dumpster. This trash can contaminate the ground or
groundwater. Many of the products used 40 or 50 years ago must now be handled as
toxic waste. Sites where industry was active a few years ago may be contaminated
with heavy metal or oil-product residue.

When a contractor excavates contaminated soil, chances are it won't leave the
site because no one wants contaminated fill, and fees to properly remove or burn
it are exorbitant. The material will probably be reused or stockpiled on the
existing site, depending on EPA or local regulations.

Health hazards

Here are a few of the contaminants and risks associated with construction
renovation or demolition projects:

* Silica is a hard, glassy mineral found in a variety of forms, such as in
quartz or sand. Silica dust is created on a construction site by chipping,
sawing or grinding concrete or concrete products. It may affect the eyes and
respiratory system and can cause lung cancer.

* Lead is a heavy, soft, malleable, bluish-gray, metallic chemical used for
piping, as an additive to paint or mixed with other metals for a variety of
uses. Lead can cause problems that affect the eyes, gastrointestinal tract,
central nervous system, kidneys, blood and the ginginal tissue.

*Polychlorinated biphenyl, better known as PCBs, affects the eyes, skin and
respiratory system.

* Oil or oil byproducts, such as naphtha or rubber solvent, affect the eyes,
skin, respiratory system and central nervous system.

* Cresol affects the eyes, skin, respiratory system, central nervous system,
liver, kidneys, pancreas and cardiovascular system.

* Freon (also known as Halon) affects the central nervous system, eyes, lungs,
liver, kidneys, skin, heart and spleen. It has caused liver cancer in animals.

All labs about to be renovated or demolished must be decommissioned in strict
accordance with EPA regulations. Failing to do so may open a Pandora's Box of
many toxins. Toxins on job sites don't only affect workers. They can carry
toxins home on shoes and clothing and endanger the health of entire families.

Changing times

Some 20 years ago when I took over safety on projects, I was considered a royal
pain in the neck, but in today's world, all those issues I used to identify are
addressed routinely. Thankfully, environmental issues are undergoing a similar
revolution: The industry is finally beginning to see that environmental issues
are just as important as safety, and they're getting the attention they deserve.
As long as we pay attention to what we throw out and how we dispose of it, our
kids and grandkids will have a healthier place to live.

Harry F. Anuszkiewicz is the business-unit safety director for Turner
Construction Company. He is also a member of the Associated General Contractors
of America's Safety & Health Committee. This article was originally printed in
the March 2002 CONSTRUCTOR magazine.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

Rural designation fight could affect veteran's services

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


March 03--CUMBERLAND -- Federal legislators representing the area have joined
the battle to save millions in funding for Allegany County which could be
jeopardized by a reclassification that could cost the county a designations as a
rural area, at the same time rural area designations were increased in other
counties. The new designations is being adopted by other agencies, including the
Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, which could
further hit funding, according to Maryland Rural Health Association (MRHA)
officials.

U.S. Sen. Ben Cardin and U.S. Rep. John Delaney have joined a fight initiated by
Sen. Barbara A. Mikulski in February. The two urged the federal government to
restore Allegany County's rural designation, which will maintain local
eligibility for federal rural health care funding.  Cardin and Delaney sent a
joint letter to Sylvia Mathews Burwell, Secretary of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services. In their letter, the two told Burwell that Allegany
County is a largely rural community and that access to vital health programs and
services should be restored. Mikulski previously sent a letter to Burwell
Feb.11.

"... although Allegany County as a whole may no longer be considered rural under
this methodology due to the impact of the Cumberland Metropolitan Statistical
Area, the county remains a largely rural community.  This re-designation
unfairly disqualifies it from important targeted rural health funding," Cardin
and Delaney wrote in the Feb. 27 letter.

At the same time that Allegany and St. Mary's counties have lost their rural
designations, Frederick and Baltimore counties have had additional rural
designation  areas added, according to MRHA officials. The rural health
organization, in a recently released report, claimed the results could be
disastrous, since there is no right to appeal the decision and millions are at
stake. Federal officials are now saying Allegany County received the rural
designation in error after the 2000 census, according to MRHA.

The new designation would prohibit the county from being eligible to receive
federal rural health grants, which have brought $2 million over the past five
years and are designed to provide greater access to health care, especially
dental care, in Western Maryland, said Mikulski.

The changes would impact the next federal budget cycle, according to Mikulski's
office, so there's time to resolve the issue.

Mikulski asked for Burwell's help in protecting the grants. "I believe this is a
very serious issue, and I look forward to hearing your recommendations on how we
can work together to ensure that my constituents have access to the federal
funding they need," Mikulski wrote.

It wasn't the DHHS that changed the designation. Allegany County was designated
urban based on the 2010 census, which led to the federal Office of Management
and Budget and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of Rural Health Policy
to determine Allegany County as an urbanized area containing no rural
communities, according to information from Mikulski's office. Mikulski has also
contacted officials at the OMB and ORHP, she said.

Burwell's department could solve the problem by not following the new
designation and retaining the rural designation for the county within the DHHS,
Mikulski said. The designations are used to ensure that grant eligibility
requirements are fair, which Mikulski said she understood.

"However, the methodology for establishing these designations is not fool-proof,
and the USDA has set an example of making possible exemptions to program
criteria that involve rural definitions for communities where the rural-urban
boundary is difficult to precisely pinpoint," Mikulski wrote in her Feb. 11
letter.

___ (c)2015 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150303-UM-Rural-designation-fight-could-affect
-veteran-s-services-0303-20150303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2015 Cumberland Times-News


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 3, 2011 Sunday

BRIEF: Flooding affects Amtrak routes

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 219 words


July 03--Amtrak service has been affected by flooded tracks, resulting in the
suspension of at least one route through Wednesday.

According to a news release, Union Pacific Railroad freight traffic is being
diverted from flooded tracks onto the Union Pacific route used by Amtrak's
Missouri River Runner trains west of Jefferson City. The canceled round trip is
Train 311, the morning westbound train from St. Louis, and Train 316, the
afternoon eastbound train from Kansas City.

Alternate transportation by chartered motorcoach will be provided only to and
from St. Louis, Kirkwood, Jefferson City, Sedalia, Warrensburg and Kansas City.
Passengers also will be directed to Amtrak Missouri River Runner trains 313 and
314, which will continue to operate, and to the Amtrak Southwest Chief (trains 3
4), which uses a different route between Kansas City and Chicago.

Passengers may call 800-872-7245 or visit Amtrak.com for schedule information
and train status updates.

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110703-SX-BRF-Flooding-affects-Amtrak-routes-0703-20110703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2011 The Sedalia Democrat


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Campaign donations did not affect charter school legislation, says speaker

BYLINE: Tom Beyerlein and William Hershey, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1086 words


May 13--COLUMBUS -- Ohio House Speaker William Batchelder angrily denied
mounting allegations from conservatives and liberals alike that campaign
donations from large, for-profit charter school operators influenced House
Republicans to pass legislation last week that would water down regulations
designed to stamp out poorly performing charters and hold operators accountable
for how they spend taxpayer money.

"It's a damn lie that they (the operators) had anything to do with what went on
in the finance committee," Batchelder said.

But prominent supporters of charter schools -- including Chester E. Finn Jr., an
assistant education secretary during the Reagan administration -- condemn House
amendments to Gov. John Kasich's two-year budget.

The changes would allow for-profit corporations to operate charter schools by
applying directly to the Ohio Department of Education, without the oversight of
nonprofit sponsors. Critics say that could prevent state officials from
determining how public money is spent, and place the schools outside state
public-meeting and open-records laws.

"I think they were accommodating some of their donors," Finn said of House
Republicans. Finn is president of the Dayton-based Thomas B. Fordham Institute,
an education-policy think tank that sponsors seven charter schools. "I don't
think they were trying to fix Ohio's broken charter school program."

State Sen. Peggy Lehner, R-Kettering, said Kasich education adviser Robert
Sommers and state schools Interim Superintendent Stan Heffner testified against
the House changes this week in the Senate Finance Committee. Lehner chairs the
Senate Education Committee.

Charter schools, also called community schools, are big business. In the
2009-2010 school year, taxpayers funded charters to the tune of $680 million.
Last June, nearly 94,000 Ohio students were enrolled in 323 charter schools,
which receive taxpayer money, but are subject to less regulation than
traditional public schools to give them more flexibility to try innovative
approaches to education.

Critics say some charter operators are more interested in making money than in
educating kids.

The left-leaning think tank Innovation Ohio on Thursday accused Kasich and
Republican-majority legislators of bowing to charter operators David Brennan and
William Lager in creating an atmosphere favorable to their for-profit -- and
poorly performing -- online charter school programs, called electronic schools
or e-schools. The group said Brennan and Lager have made $4 million in campaign
contributions, mostly to Republican candidates, since 2001.

Brennan of Akron runs White Hat Management, which operates 46 charter schools in
six states, in- cluding LifeSkills Centers in Dayton, Springfield and
Middletown. White Hat also runs the e-school OHDELA. Lager operates Ohio's
largest e-school, Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow, or ECOT.

Innovation Ohio said ECOT and OHDELA have graduation rates of 35 and 36 percent,
respectively. That compares to a 54.3 percent rate for the Cleveland city
schools, which have the lowest graduation rate among traditional Ohio public
schools. The group said e-schools are cheaper to operate than traditional public
schools, but have double the cost per student. "But the state pays Mr. Brennan
nearly $12 million a year, and Mr. Lager rakes in $64 million," said Innovation
Ohio spokesman Dale Butland. "Ohio e-schools are an outrageous taxpayer ripoff."

White Hat lobbyist Thomas Needles called Innovation Ohio's report "an
intentionally misleading, nearly incomprehensible, partisan attack from an
organization that is hostile to school choice."

As to the House amendments, Needles called charges of influence peddling "utter
nonsense. We've had an ongoing dialog with the legislature for many years, and
that's altogether appropriate."

He said that since 2004, Ohio has lost $20 million from failures of schools with
nonprofit sponsors, and White Hat's position, part of the House budget, is that
unsponsored schools would have greater public accountability because they would
be required to post a $1 million bond or guarantee to repay the state if a
school closes.

In a prepared statement, ECOT used similar language to Needles' statement,
calling Innovation Ohio's report "incomprehensible" and "a partisan, political
attack on school choice."

ECOT said most of its students are from low-income homes and are at risk of
dropping out, yet "despite these challenges, ECOT has earned a ranking of
'Continuous Improvement' on the state report card and is poised to earn an
'Effective' ranking for this school year." ECOT also said it receives half the
funding of school districts with similar, at-risk student populations.

Batchelder said there's room for both nonprofit sponsors and unsponsored,
for-profit operators. "I understand that there are a lot of people who believe
that (oversight by a nonproft) is the only way to go, and, in my opinion, that's
not the case. One of the things we're going to find out is which (approach) is
better."

While Batchelder denied political contributions influenced the House bill, he
didn't say who was responsible for the charter school amendments. "We had three
different drafts that we went through and we did that in a number of areas," he
said.

House Finance Committee Chairman Ron Amstutz, R-Wooster, did not return a phone
call seeking comment. But he told the Columbus Dispatch the amendments
originated from a "variety of internal and probably some external inputs."

Lehner said the source of the amendments is "one of the mysteries around here
right now. From what I've heard, very few people saw it ahead of time."

She said it's important to preserve accountabililty and called the House
language "reckless, and not something I can personally support."

William Sims, who heads the Ohio Alliance for Public Charter Schools, said the
House language raises serious questions about charter schools' financial
accountability and overall transparency. He, too, said the origin of the
amendments is hazy. "When we raise that question, we get kind of a code of
silence. Who was responsible? There seems to be no clear answer."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2264.

To see more of the Hamilton JournalNews or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.journal-news.com . Copyright (c) 2011, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110513-HL-Campaign-donations-did-not-affect
-charter-school-legislation-says-speaker-20110513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2011 The Journal-News


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Locals feel affects of weekend earthquakes

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Nov. 05--EDMOND -- Seismic activity continues today after area residents
reported feeling the affects of an earthquake during the weekend.

A magnitude 3.2 earthquake recorded at 4:36 a.m. Saturday was followed by a
magnitude 3.2 tremor at 7:04 a.m., a 3.8 magnitude tremor at 9:19 a.m. and a 3.0
magnitude tremor at 10:30 a.m., according to the Oklahoma Geological Survey.

A 3.4 magnitude tremor also was recorded Sunday. Additional tremors in the
2.0-3.0 range have been recorded today, the Geological Survey states.

One of the stronger Saturday morning temblors occurred 9 kilometers
east-southeast of Edmond, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.

Vi Davis, owner of an Arcadia tag agency, said sometime after 9 a.m. Saturday
she was assisting a customer when she experienced a strange phenomena. They
looked at each other and wondered aloud if they had just felt an earthquake.

"It was kind of like a ripple that went over the roof," Davis said. "It almost
sounded like someone was walking up there."

Arcadia-area resident Karlena Risenhoover said she was getting ready for a yard
sale benefiting the historic Round Barn when she felt a brief tremor at about
9:15 a.m. Saturday.

Studies show one to three magnitude 3.0 earthquakes or larger occurred yearly
from 1975 to 2008; the average grew to about 40 earthquakes per year from 2009
to mid-2013, according to information released Oct. 22, by the U.S. Geological
Survey.

Seismologists are evaluating possible links between these earthquakes and
wastewater disposal related to oil and gas production activity in the region.

"We've statistically analyzed the recent earthquake rate changes and found that
they do not seem to be due to typical, random fluctuations in natural seismicity
rates," said Bill Leith, USGS seismologist. "These results suggest that
significant changes in both the background rate of events and earthquake
triggering properties needed to have occurred in order to explain the increases
in seismicity."

The increased activity has important implications for residents and businesses
in the area, the USGS says.

After the USGS released its data, Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner John D. Doak
encouraged residents to buy earthquake insurance. Earthquake insurance policies
cover related home repairs and may cover structures not attached to a home.

Earthquake insurance premiums are determined by factors including location, age
and construction of home, estimated cost to rebuild and replace contents and the
value of the deductible.

Many companies won't sell new earthquake policies 30-60 days after a quake due
to aftershocks, according to the Oklahoma Insurance Department. Earlier this
year, earthquakes of magnitude 4.4 and 4.2 hit east of Oklahoma City, causing
objects to fall off shelves.

On Nov. 5, 2011, the largest earthquake ever recorded in Oklahoma, a magnitude
5.6 temblor, occurred near Prague, according to the USGS. It buckled parts of a
highway and damaged a number of homes as well as the historic Benedictine Hall
at St. Gregory's University in Shawnee.

In 1952, a comparable magnitude 5.5, rattled El Reno and Oklahoma City.

FOR MORE information about earthquake insurance policies, visit www.ok.gov/oid.

___ (c)2013 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131105-EO-Locals-feel-affects-of-weekend-earthquakes-1105-20131105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2013 The Edmond Sun


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2013 Monday

Locals feel affects of weekend earthquakes

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Nov. 04--EDMOND -- Seismic activity continues today after area residents
reported feeling the affects of an earthquake during the weekend.

A magnitude 3.2 earthquake recorded at 4:36 a.m. Saturday was followed by a
magnitude 3.2 tremor at 7:04 a.m., a 3.8 magnitude tremor at 9:19 a.m. and a 3.0
magnitude tremor at 10:30 a.m., according to the Oklahoma Geological Survey.

A 3.4 magnitude tremor also was recorded Sunday. Additional tremors in the
2.0-3.0 range have been recorded today, the Geological Survey states.

One of the stronger Saturday morning temblors occurred 9 kilometers
east-southeast of Edmond, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.

Vi Davis, owner of an Arcadia tag agency, said sometime after 9 a.m. Saturday
she was assisting a customer when she experienced a strange phenomena. They
looked at each other and wondered aloud if they had just felt an earthquake.

"It was kind of like a ripple that went over the roof," Davis said. "It almost
sounded like someone was walking up there."

Arcadia-area resident Karlena Risenhoover said she was getting ready for a yard
sale benefiting the historic Round Barn when she felt a brief tremor at about
9:15 a.m. Saturday.

Studies show one to three magnitude 3.0 earthquakes or larger occurred yearly
from 1975 to 2008; the average grew to about 40 earthquakes per year from 2009
to mid-2013, according to information released Oct. 22, by the U.S. Geological
Survey.

Seismologists are evaluating possible links between these earthquakes and
wastewater disposal related to oil and gas production activity in the region.

"We've statistically analyzed the recent earthquake rate changes and found that
they do not seem to be due to typical, random fluctuations in natural seismicity
rates," said Bill Leith, USGS seismologist. "These results suggest that
significant changes in both the background rate of events and earthquake
triggering properties needed to have occurred in order to explain the increases
in seismicity."

The increased activity has important implications for residents and businesses
in the area, the USGS says.

After the USGS released its data, Oklahoma Insurance Commissioner John D. Doak
encouraged residents to buy earthquake insurance. Earthquake insurance policies
cover related home repairs and may cover structures not attached to a home.

Earthquake insurance premiums are determined by factors including location, age
and construction of home, estimated cost to rebuild and replace contents and the
value of the deductible.

Many companies won't sell new earthquake policies 30-60 days after a quake due
to aftershocks, according to the Oklahoma Insurance Department. Earlier this
year, earthquakes of magnitude 4.4 and 4.2 hit east of Oklahoma City, causing
objects to fall off shelves.

On Nov. 5, 2011, the largest earthquake ever recorded in Oklahoma, a magnitude
5.6 temblor, occurred near Prague, according to the USGS. It buckled parts of a
highway and damaged a number of homes as well as the historic Benedictine Hall
at St. Gregory's University in Shawnee.

In 1952, a comparable magnitude 5.5, rattled El Reno and Oklahoma City.

FOR MORE information about earthquake insurance policies, visit www.ok.gov/oid.

___ (c)2013 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131104-EO-Locals-feel-affects-of-weekend-earthquakes-1104-20131104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2013 The Edmond Sun


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   amNewYork

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 8, 2012 Thursday

BRIEF: Subway construction will affect 17 lines this weekend

BYLINE: Marc Beja, amNewYork, New York

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 105 words


March 08--Subway maintenance will affect 17 lines this weekend for capital
construction work.

Fifteen lines will have reduced service for all or part of the weekend,
including continued canceled service on the No. 7 line between Manhattan and
Queens. The MTA is running extended Q and 42nd Street Shuttle service to help
make up for it.

The No. 3, B, M, L and Z lines will not be impacted. Check mta.info for updates.

The agency is continuing its Fastrack program on the West Side next week,
shutting down overnight service on the A/C/E lines.

___ (c)2012 amNewYork Visit amNewYork at www.amny.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120308-YN-BRF-Subway-construction-will-affect
-17-lines-this-weekend-0308-20120308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YN


                            Copyright 2012 amNewYork


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                                  Nelnet, Inc.

                                   Suite 100
                               Lincoln,  NE 68508
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Nelnet is an education services company. The company's strong financial
performance, strong customer base and broad product and service portfolio are
its major strengths, even as its decline in cash position and weak bottom line
performance remain major areas of concern. Going forward, fluctuations in
interest rates, changing rules and regulations and increase in compliance costs
may affect the company's business performance. However, growing economy in the
US, and Strategic Acquisition of ALLO Communications are likely to offer growth
opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Nelnet exhibited a strong financial performance during FY2014, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The company reported revenues of US$709.8 million
in FY2014 as compared with US$644.8 million in FY2013, representing an annual
growth of 10.1% over FY2013. Growth in the revenues was attributed to overall
growth in the company's various businesses. The company's operating income
increased by 0.9% from US$465.5 million in FY2013 to US$469.5 million in FY2014.
In FY2014, the company reported a net income of US$307.6 million in FY2014 as
compared with US$302.7 million in FY2013, representing an increase of 1.6% over
FY2013. Such a strong growth in revenue and incomes depicts the financial
stability, and its strong position in the market place. This improved
performance will also help the company to pursue its growth plans aggressively.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and Service portfolio enables it to enhance its scalability to
cater to the distinctive requirements of its clientele.. Nelnet provides
fee-based processing services and education-related products and services. It
offers loan financing, loan servicing, payment processing, and enrollment
services for students and families to plan, prepare, and pay for their education
and make the administrative and financial processes. In addition, the company
offers federally insured student loans. The company' Asset Generation and
Management division focuses on acquisition, management, and ownership of the
company's student loan assets and offers federally insured student loans and
non-federally insured student loans, which are offered under the FFEL Program.
Such broad product and service portfolio drives the company's top-line
performance.

STRONG CUSTOMER BASE


Strong customer base is a major strength for the company. At the end of FY2014,
the company served 9,400 K-12 schools and over 2.3 million students and
families. It also offers services of US$147.3 million student loan for 5.8
million borrowers on behalf of the Department. In addition its clientele
includes 750 higher education campuses, college students, job seekers, health
professionals, and veterans. Such strong customer base ensures steady revenues
for the company.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined from US$130.5 million at the end of FY2014 to US$63.5 million at the
end of FY2015, representing a decline of 51.3%. This may also be attributed to
decreased value of its short-term asset holdings such as short-term government
bonds, marketable securities, and weak cash inflow.

WEAK BOTTOM-LINE PERFORMANCE


The company reported weak bottom-line performance during FY2015, which is an
area of concern. It reported an operating income of US$420.6 million in FY2015,
compared to US$469.5 million in FY2014, representing an annual decrease 10.4%.
In addition, during FY2015 the net income of the company was decreased by 12.9%,
from US$307.6 million in FY2014 to US$268 million in FY2015. Such poor
bottom-line performance was primarily due to increase in the company's total
operating expenses by 30.5% in FY2015. Poor bottom-line performance will
restrict the company to pursue its growth plans, aggressively.


OPPORTUNITIES:


STRATEGIC ACQUISITION OF ALLO COMMUNICATIONS


Strategic acquisition of ALLO Communications will allow the company to
strengthen its core businesses and in turn achieve business growth. In December
2015, the company acquired 92.5% share in ALLO Communications, for US$46.25
million. This will help the company to offer additional diversification of the
Company's revenues and cash flows outside of education. It also leverages the
Company's existing infrastructure, customer service capabilities and call
centers, and financial strength and liquidity for continued growth. This
strategic initiative will help the company to further strengthen its product and
service portfolio and in turn achieve sizable business returns

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at US
stood at 2.4% in 2015 and is expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. This is likely to
increase the country's spending on financial solutions, which in turn will
increase the demand for banking and financial products and services in the US.
As a provider of education planning and education financing services in the US,
Nelnet is well positioned to benefit from the growing economy.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increases in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

CHANGING RULES AND REGULATIONS


The company's activities are highly regulated by the various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Laws and regulations applied at the national, state or
local level generally grant government agencies and industry self-regulatory
authorities' broad administrative discretion over the activities of the company.
The change in government policies and regulations may adversely affect the
companies' growth and expansion strategies. These legal proceedings will consume
time of the company's senior management. If the company fails to address these
proceedings in an appropriate way, the company's reputation may be harmed and it
can be subject to additional legal risk which in turn, increases the size and
number of claims and damages asserted against the company or subject the company
to enforcement actions, fines and penalties.

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Increase in compliance costs may impact the company's operations. Compliance
costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the company's
operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased compliance costs
and additional regulations. The compliance burden on companies has probably been
increased, in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises. The Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the Institute of
International Finance, and the US Treasury have issued reports, reflecting
changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The Federal
Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to guard
consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and exert extra
pressure on companies, which are already working on improving their own
governance processes.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

GCCC tech center construction to affect baseball parking

BYLINE: Brad Milner, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 399 words


Jan. 21--PANAMA CITY -- Construction of Gulf Coast's Advanced Technology Center
has prompted changes in parking for baseball games this season and likely
beyond.

The construction site is on the former intramural field adjacent to Bill Frazier
Field across from the firstbase side, and has taken a portion of the roadway
extending around the Billy Harrison Field House and connecting to Collegiate
Drive. Some traffic flow to and from Collegiate Drive will now pass through the
Frazier Field parking lot, and motorists are asked to take caution while driving
through during games.

There are still two rows of parking along the first-base side, but most of that
space is expected to be taken by players and coaches, and on some days
construction vehicles also have been present. There are no designated spaces on
the thirdbase side, but that area is more perilous for vehicles due to a
propensity of foul balls in that direction.

To ease possible congestion, spectators for baseball games are asked to park in
designated spaces in the back of the Wellness Building lot. Baseball parking
also is available in the softball parking lot near Joe Tom King Field, but fans
are urged to park there only when there isn't a softball game in progress.

Direct access off Collegiate Drive may be constricted by varying closure dates.
There are no set closure dates, but access to the rear of the Wellness Building
as well as the softball parking lot always is available by using the main 23rd
Street entrance.

There isn't much change to softball parking. The gravel lot still is open and
there will be additional space available when a storage trailer is removed
within the next month.

All parking in designated areas is free of charge.

Vehicles parked in nonparking zones and in any grassy areas on campus will be
ticketed.

The GC baseball team hosts Faulkner University in an exhibition game at 1 p.m.
on Saturday and then hosts the six-team First Pitch Classic Jan. 28-30. The GC
softball team's home opener is Feb. 8 in a doubleheader against L.B. Wallace
starting at noon.

To see more of The News Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News Herald, Panama City,
Fla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110121-PY-GCCC-tech-center-construction-to-affect
-baseball-parking-0121-20110121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2011 The News Herald


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Experts: Iranian president's statement in USA to affect Iran itself

BYLINE: T.Konyayeva, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 927 words


Sept. 28--The statement by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad made in New
York not only did not convince most people, but also had a negative impact on
Iran itself, experts say.

"Iran has been cornered because of its nuclear program, and therefore,
Ahmadinejad has not left other way, but to make such statements, which has
hundred percent negative impact on Iran," -- French expert of Iranian origin
Hossein Lajevardi, the Chairman of the Iranian Research Center, told Trend in a
telephone conversation.

During his speech at the UN General Assembly in New York, Ahmadinejad said that
the 9/11 events could be planned by the U.S. authorities to rescue the global
economy and protect Israel. He also said that the terrorist attack on the twin
towers was deliberately used by the U.S. authorities for the subsequent outbreak
of military actions in Iraq and Afghanistan.

In sign of protest, the American diplomats left the meeting hall, and the
representatives from 32 delegations, friends of the U.S., including all EU
countries, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, supported them.

According to Lajevardi, Ahmadinejad wanted to make a move that would divert
international attention from the problems in Iran.

"His statements and interviews can be viewed as an attempt to escape from the
problems and to be protected by attacking," he said.

"Ahmadinejad spoke on many of the biggest news shows in the US, but I do not
believe he changed many people's opinions," said Joshua Landis, Director Center
for Middle East Studies University of Oklahoma.

"The battle lines between the US and Iran have been drawn for a long time. Anger
at Muslims is at all times high in America with the ground zero mosque dispute
having just enflamed public opinion, Landis wrote to Trend in an e-mail. With
the election season for congress at its height, many Republicans have
incorporated anti-Islamic rhetoric as part of their campaign platform."

Being in New York, Ahmadinejad gave an interview to Fox News Channel, as well as
CNN, where he participated in an evening show of the famous American TV
presenter Larry King "Larry King Live".

According to American expert on Iran Robert Freedman, Ahmadinejad's visit was a
disaster as far as US-Iranian relations are concerned.

"Calling the US Government responsible for 9/11- an obvious lie -- makes it
impossible for serious Americans to trust him on the nuclear question,"
Freedman, Strategic Studies Institute Researcher, told Trend in an-e-mail.

The act of terror on Sept. 11, 2001 (sometimes referred to as the 9/11) is a
series of coordinated suicide terrorist attacks that occurred in the U.S..
Officially, the responsibility for these attacks lies on the terrorist
organization al-Qaeda.

Nineteen terrorists, divided into four groups, captured four scheduled passenger
airliners, two of which they directed towards the World Trade Center towers,
located in the southern part of Manhattan in New York. As a result of attacks,
both towers collapsed, causing severe destruction of surrounding buildings. The
third plane was directed towards the Pentagon, near Washington. Passengers and
crew of the fourth aircraft attempted to seize control of the aircraft from
terrorists, crashed into a field near the town of Shenksvill in Pennsylvania. In
addition to the 19 terrorists, the attacks killed 2,974 people, other 24 were
missing. Most of the dead were civilians.

Professor at the Free University of Tehran Mirgasim Banihashimi believes that
opinions about the statements of Ahmadinejad are divided: there are those who
support them, and there are those who criticize.

"The U.S. and European countries have criticized all the visits and speeches by
Iranian President, and this trend will certainly continue, Banihashimi, a member
of the Strategic Studies Center under the Science Ministry of Iran, told Trend
by telephone from Tehran. -- It is natural that the United States and European
countries in some media act with the negative assessment of his statements."

On the other hand, in his opinion, the third world countries (Arab, African and
Asian countries) support Ahmadinejad's position and welcome his speech.
Moreover, they regard his views and words as their own, said Banihashimi.

According to him, in Iran itself, opinions on this issue are divided: the
opposition forces, university professors and some other Iranians have criticized
his position, but others in the face of MPs, televisions and media support it.

"Interview and speeches by Ahmadinejad have been directed towards reflecting the
real situation in Iran and bring them to Western and American press, said
Banihashimi. From this point of view, he was able to somewhat mitigate the
negative atmosphere around Iran."

According to Iranian expert, if to evaluate from the economic and political
point of view, then eventually the U.S. and Western countries will be even more
opposed against the Iranian government since Ahmadinejad touched on such issues
during his speech, which may not please Western countries and the U.S. .

T.Jafarov contributed to the article.

Do you have any feedback? Contact our journalist at trend@trend.az

To see more of the Trend News Agency, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://en.trend.az/. Copyright (c) 2010, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100928-1AZ-Experts-Iranian-president-s-statement-in-USA-to-affect
-Iran-itself-0928-20100928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2010


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            December 28, 2009 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

Richt, Sherman empathize with Meyer's plight

BYLINE: McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 492 words


SHREVEPORT, La. - The situation might be fluid and the explanations for Florida
coach Urban Meyer's change of heart Sunday might have been vague, but the
underlying realities of the situation weren't lost on Mark Richt and Mike
Sherman.

The coaches for Georgia and Texas A&M took questions for the final time before
their teams square off in today's Independence Bowl, and while they preferred to
chat about the matchup, the popular topic of conversation remained Meyer's
on-again, off-again resignation.

"It's definitely a shockwave through college football and it definitely affects
our league," Richt said. "It affects the University of Florida, it affects Urban
and his family. Right now, again, with me not knowing a lot of detail, I just
wish him the best."

That was Richt's approach about two hours before Meyer decided he wasn't
quitting at Florida but instead would take a leave of absence to combat the
stress of the job and recover from several health ailments.

So while the will-he-or-won't-he questions were generally left unanswered by
Richt and Sherman, both coaches offered a healthy dose of empathy.

"There comes a time in every coach's life that he errs on the side of burning
himself out, and I wouldn't say I've been oblivious to that," Sherman said.
"It's hard to maintain the balance in your life to be able to do the job, to not
be so single-minded in your focus that you lose track of the balance that's
necessary in your life in order to do the job."

Richt said he tried to call Meyer on Saturday after news of his resignation
broke, but he said the Florida coach's voice mail was full by the time he made
the call.

For Richt, however, it was a return gesture for a call Meyer made three years
ago when Richt's wife was diagnosed with cancer.

"Coach Meyer was one of the first guys to call and let me know that him and his
wife were thinking about us," Richt said. "I hope whatever he's going through
it's something that's not too serious but it's certainly something that's
serious enough to make this kind of change."

Both coaches echoed the concerns Meyer discussed about the demands of the job
and the rigorous schedule a college coach is forced to maintain.

Sherman, who coached the Green Bay Packers in the NFL before coming to A&M, said
it's an even bigger grind than coaches in the pros face.

"The burnout factor is a reality in this profession because it is 24/7, 365 days
a year," he said. "You're constantly at it, but it's important to find some
balance, so you take care of health, family, faith as well as the football side
of things."

So while Richt reserved judgment on Meyer's situation, he was quick to point out
that the stresses of coaching and the concerns that come with it aren't unique
to any one coach.

"I've been blessed that I haven't had to but I know what type of a grind it is
and what type of energy it takes to do the job and do it, not just in season,"
Richt said.

"So far I've been very healthy and blessed."

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

New lines shouldn't affect '12 elections

BYLINE: Johnny Kampis, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


Nov. 11--ATHENS -- New Limestone County Commission voting lines recently
approved by the Department of Justice should not have a big impact on next
year's elections, county officials said.

Ronnie Coffman, chairman of the county's Republican party, said the lines do not
affect the current crop of expected candidates. Warren Herring and Rex Davis
plan to run on the Republican ticket in District 2, while Ben Harrison and Ryan
Knight will seek the District 4 seat, Coffman said.

Qualifying starts for countywide races in the Republican Party on Monday.
Democrats can begin qualifying Dec. 6.

Coffman expects the race for the District 2 seat, which Commissioner Gerald
Barksdale has held for the past 15 years, to be wide open. He has heard rumors
of other candidates.

"There's several people that are going to run for that position," Coffman said.

Ron Gatlin, chairman of the Limestone County Democratic Party, could not be
reached for comment Thursday.

The 2010 Census revealed Limestone County's population increased by 26 percent,
with much of the growth in the eastern part of the county.

That created an imbalance that required district lines to be redrawn. The
populations of each district cannot vary more than 5 percent. Under the old
lines, District 2 would have 38 percent of the county population.

That meant District 2, in the east-central part of the county, had to be
reduced, and District 3, which contains most of southern Limestone, had to
expand.

The county commission discussed redistricting at multiple meetings this summer,
and made slight adjustments based on citizen input.

Commission Chairman Stanley Menefee said he heard from one man who wanted to
compete in the District 2 race but would now be forced to run for District 3,
which is up for election in 2014.

Otherwise, he hasn't heard many negative comments about the new voting lines.

"I don't know that it has made a large difference," Menefee said. "I haven't
heard much complaining about it."

Final population breakdowns approved by the Department of Justice:

--District 1: 20,305 (24.5 percent)

--District 2: 20,859 (25.2 percent)

--District 3: 21,531 (26 percent)

--District 4: 20,087 (24.3 percent)

The Limestone County school board waits to hear if its new district voting lines
will be approved by federal officials. Board Chairman Darin Russell said DOJ has
not responded to the proposed map, which was submitted shortly after the board's
Sept. 26 meeting.

That plan was delayed past the Sept. 15 federal deadline as the school board
reworked the map so the Elkmont area was not split into two voting districts.

___ (c)2011 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111111-DD-New-lines-shouldn-t-affect-12-elections-1111-20111111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Events, sewer work to affect travel, parking on Erie streets

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words


May 26--Two events and a construction project will affect traffic flow and
parking in some parts of the city on Friday.

East Front Street will be closed from Parade Street west to the dead end, and
German Street will be closed from East Second Street to East Front Street, on
Friday at 8 a.m. for the Russian Troika Festival, city officials said. They will
remain closed until Sunday at 10:30 p.m.

Parking on State Street will be limited to motorcycles only between Fourth and
14th streets from 6 to 10 p.m. for Bike Night.

French Street will be closed between East Fourth and East Fifth streets from 8
a.m. to 5 p.m. for a sewer project, city officials said.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110526-EI-BRF-Events-sewer-work-to-affect
-travel-parking-on-Erie-streets-0526-20110526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                 March 7, 2017

                              Cheil Worldwide Inc.

                           222 Itaewon-ro, Yongsan-gu
                                     Seoul
                                  South Korea

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Advertising Related Operations

   Cheil is an advertising and marketing company that offers strategic,
creative, integrated, digital, and experimental solutions at different points of
contact. The company collects and analyzes the single-source, real-time, and
behavioral data on real time, social media, and solution basis, to understand
consumers' real-time changes. It collects consumer information from panels; mass
media such as TV, radio, newspaper, magazines, events, promotions, and videos;
and new media including internet, IPTV, mobile platforms, and social media. Such
substantial advertising and marketing related operations enable the company to
meet the growing demand for consumer behavior and purchase pattern related
services.

Working Capital Surplus

   The company reported substantial working capital in FY2015. Adequate working
capital could help its short term business operations, enabling it to meet
capital expenditure. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, Cheil's total
current assets and total current liabilities stood at KRW1,463,892.86 million
and KRW1,004,315.79 million respectively. As a result, its net working capital
stood at KRW459,577.08 million. The company's current ratio (CR) and quick ratio
(QR) stood at 1.46 and 1.46. Its CR and QR for FY2015 are sufficient for Cheil
to meet its capital expenditure.

Synergy with Parent Company

   Cheil is an affiliate of Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (SECL), which is a
global electronics company that design and innovate products, processes, and
solutions in TV, digital, and mobile areas. Association with SECL enables the
company to harness the expertise of the group in its services. SECL develops
semiconductors, display panels, DRAM and NAND products, TV, digital, and mobile
products. In FY2015, SECL reported revenue of KRW200,653,482 million and
operating profit of KRW24,238,714 million. The strong position of the parent
company provides financial and technical support to the company.
Weaknesses:

Increasing Debt Burden

   Cheil reported an increase in its debt in FY2015. Increasing debt could have
a major impact on the operational performance of the company, as a major portion
of its earnings would be diverted to servicing its debt obligations. This could
be of concern to the investors and make it difficult for the company to raise
funds on favorable terms from the market. For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2015, the company's total debt increased 46.6% to KRW2,7036.83 million from
KRW18,437.07 million in the previous year. If it fails to comply with any of the
debt service requirements, the debt could become due and payable prior to its
scheduled maturity. Such huge debt increases the debt servicing obligations of
the company and affects its cash flows adversely. It could limit the company's
ability to raise debt in future and pursue other strategic opportunities. Cheil
would also increase the company's vulnerability to adverse economic and industry
conditions.
Opportunities:

Positive Outlook for Media and Entertainment Industry: the US

   The company provides strategic, creative, integrated, digital, and
experimental solutions to customers in various industries across the world.
According to the International Trade Administration and the US Department of
Commerce, the US media and entertainment (M&E) industry is the largest M&E
market across the world and the third largest global industry with market value
of US$632 billion in 2015. The US M&E market is estimated to reach US$771
billion by 2019. The US publishing sector is the largest in the world and three
times as large as Germany's. By 2019, digital publishing will account for 45%
all publishing industry in the US. The positive outlook for media and
entertainment industry in the US could enable the company to increase its
revenue.

Prospects for Growth in Demand for Consumer Businesses: Asia Pacific

   Cheil collects and analyzes the single-source, real-time, and behavioral data
on real time, social media, and solution basis, to understand consumers'
real-time changes. According to Singapore Economic Development Board, Asia's
economic growth creates rapidly increasing consumer market with approximately
3.2 billion people in the middle-class segment by 2030. Asia is expected to
account for more than 80% of the growth in global middle-class spending, which
amounts to US$55 trillion by 2030. These affluent Asian consumers are likely to
demand for more sophisticated products and services that cater to their needs
and preferences. The prospects for growth in demand for consumer businesses in
Asia Pacific could benefit the company.

Consumer Spending Pattern: China

   The company provides insights on consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns.
According to the US Department of Commerce's International Trade Administration,
adults born under the one child policy are more inclined to spend on themselves
and luxuries. This group travels more frequently abroad than previous
generations. The resulting exposure to foreign brands has instilled a cachet and
preference for niche products and foreign origins. Chinese consumers are
forecasted to buy 44% of the world's luxury goods by 2020. The increasing
spending for luxury products in China could favor the company's operations.

Growth in Online Sales: Global

   The company collects consumer information from panels; mass media such as TV,
radio, newspaper, magazines, events, promotions, and videos; and new media
including internet, IPTV, mobile platforms, and social media. According to
industry experts, online shopping or e-tailing registered strong growth in
recent years, mostly due to the increasing Internet penetration and the
user-friendly shopping interface created by the retailers and wholesalers. The
percentage of people between the ages of 16 and 34 who shop online is expected
to increase as those age group expected to increase in the near future; and the
extensive usage of technology, product availability and accessibility are also
among the reasons for the growth of e-tailing trends. The growth in online sales
could benefit the company's operations.
Threats:

Regulations

   The company offers strategic, creative, integrated, digital, and experimental
solutions at different points of contact. According to industry experts,
government agencies and consumer groups directly or indirectly affect or attempt
to affect the scope, content and manner of presentation of advertising,
marketing and corporate communications services through regulations or other
governmental actions. Such regulations may seek to limit the tax deductibility
of advertising expenditures by certain industries or for certain products and
services. There has been a tendency on the part of businesses to resort to
judicial systems to challenge advertising practices and claims, which could
cause clients to reduce their spending on the company's services. Limitation or
judicial action that affects its ability to meet clients' needs or reduces
client spending on the services could have a material adverse effect on its
business, results of operations and financial position.

Market Conditions

   Cheil is an advertising and marketing company. According to the industry
experts, the amount of money that companies spend on advertising and
communications services is highly sensitive to fluctuations in general economic
conditions. During economic recession or downturn, companies may decide to
suspend or make significant reductions in their expenditure on advertising and
communications services. As a result, the company may face severe pricing
pressure, or budget restrictions or cuts. Besides, geopolitical events,
terrorist attacks or political or economic instability in certain regions may
affect its business. Such adverse market conditions could affect the company's
operational performance.

Consolidation in Industries

   The company assists customers across various industries on consumer behavior
and purchasing patterns. According to industry experts, consolidation in the
consumer packaged goods, telecommunications, entertainment, media, and
technology industries could reduce aggregate demand for the company's offerings.
When companies merge, the services they previously purchased separately are
often purchased by the combined entity in aggregate in a lesser quantity than
before, leading to volume compression and revenue loss. The company attempts to
mitigate the revenue impact of consolidation by expanding the range of its
services. There can be no assurance as to the degree to which it will be able to
do so as industry consolidation continues, which could affect its operational
results.

Rapid Technological Changes

   Cheil collects consumer information from panels; mass media such as TV,
radio, newspaper, magazines, events, promotions, and videos; and new media
including internet, IPTV, mobile platforms, and social media. Its products and
solutions are characterized by rapid technological changes, which may affect its
business operations. To compete effectively with its peers, the company should
continually introduce new products that meet and exceed the customers'
requirements. The introduction of products or solutions using new technologies
or the adoption of new industry standards can make existing products, or
products under development, obsolete or unmarketable. Inability to study the
evolving technological landscape and failure to develop new products and product
enhancements that meet the market needs could affect the company's competitive
position.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

2016 Compliance Alert Seminars â[#x20ac][#xfffd] Alert! New BSA Regulations

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016, and
credit unions must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas
of the credit union, especially new member account opening processes. Small and
large FIs alike must comply with these new rules.





 Join us in October for a special Compliance Alert Seminar to look at the new
CDD and BSA regulations and their impact.



 Four elements to the new CDD regulation affect legal entities and three
elements affect consumer accounts. It will take credit unions a year or so to
see how to retain beneficial owner information, where to store it on their
system, and how to document legal entity accounts. It will be an integrated
process that will require understanding about how the new regulations
interconnect with your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately tracking
member activity based on the risk-rating questions.



 Houston, Oct. 3

 Early Bird Deadline: Aug. 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: Sept. 19

 Doubletree Hotel Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Boulevard

 Houston, TX 77061

 Register Now



 Dallas, Oct. 4

 Early Bird Deadline: Aug. 25

 Regular Rate Deadline: Sept. 19

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Lane

 Dallas, TX 75244

 Register Now



 Who will benefit from this seminar?

 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations, compliance officers, BSA officers, training facilitators, and all
branch managers and personnel.



 Presenter:  Deborah L. Crawford

 Deborah CrawfordPresident of Gettechnical Inc., Deborah L. Crawford specializes
in the education of credit union employees and officers in the areas of deposit
account laws, new account documentation, complex compliance regulations, and
IRAs. Crawford is well known within the industry for her humorous delivery,
personal accounts, and promise to reach each and every attendee in her seminar.



 Grant assistance

 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com 2016 Small Credit Union Workshops

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            October 11, 2005 Tuesday

St. Jude says cosmic radiation can have affect on older ICDs

LENGTH: 925 words


St. Jude says cosmic radiation can have affect on older ICDs

By HOLLAND JOHNSON   Medical Device Daily Associate Managing Editor  In an
incident worthy of an episode of the now-syndicated X-Files television program,
St. Jude Medical (St. Paul, Minnesota) reported that it has discovered that
background levels of atmospheric ionizing cosmic radiation, more commonly known
as cosmic rays, can affect "a limited number" of its older-generation
implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) products.

To date, the company said that only 60 out of 36,000 devices have been found to
be affected. About 26,000 of the devices remain in patients.

Although St. Jude said the incidence rate is low, and there have been no serious
patient injuries or deaths reported to be attributable to this anomaly, the
company said it is taking a "conservative approach" in advising the medical
community and regulatory agencies.

The "conservative approach" is almost certainly in response to the major ICD
recall by rival Guidant (Indianapolis) and an ICD recall due to battery problems
by Medtronic (Minneapolis) that occurred earlier this year.

While declining to say whether the company would have made this disclosure in
the past given the small numbers apparently affected by the recall, a St. Jude
spokesperson acknowledged in an interview with Medical Device Daily that "it's a
sensitive environment and we believe [this is] information that our physicians
would like to know and so we decided to do it."

The ICDs that may be affected by the radiation problem are certain older
generations of the company's Photon DR, Photon Micro VR/DR and Atlas VR/DR
models.

The company has identified through extensive investigation, including testing at
an independent nuclear laboratory, that a particular vendor-supplied static
random access memory (SRAM) chip can be affected, at a low frequency rate, by
background levels of atmospheric ionizing cosmic radiation. The company said the
anomaly can trigger a temporary loss of pacing function and permanent loss of
defibrillation support.

This particular memory chip component was used in certain older models of the
company's ICDs, including the Photon DR (Model V-230HV) (certain serial
numbers), Photon Micro VR/DR (Models V-194/V-232) and the Atlas VR/DR (Models
V-199/V-240).

To date, an incidence of only 0.00167% of the devices at issue have been found
to have been affected by background levels of cosmic radiation. An estimated
26,000 of the device models remain in service. The estimated incidence of an
anomaly of this type in the affected device models is 0.00257% over the
five-year projected life of the device.

While the company spokesperson said to her knowledge no other companies have
reported similar problems, she did say that the unnamed vendor in question "has
been used by another ICD company or companies."

St. Jude said it notified the FDA of this physician advisory, and it remains to
be seen whether regulators may determine this communication action to be a
recall.

In a "Dear Doctor" advisory letter on the problem, St. Jude said that as part of
a new ICD product platform introduced in 2002, and prior to the company having
any knowledge of this particular anomaly, it began using a different vendor and
a different design of the SRAM memory chip component.

The letter added that laboratory testing and clinical experience indicate that
this newer generation memory chip component does not share the same
susceptibility to background cosmic radiation as the earlier-generation devices.

"Consequently," the letter said, "other St. Jude Medical ICDs and all models of
CRT-D devices, including the Atlas DR model V-242 and all Epic, Epic HF, Epic+,
Epic+ HF, Atlas+ and Atlas+ HF product families, are not affected by this
issue."

Among the other information provided in the physician advisory is St. Jude's
recommendation that, if it is not already their practice, physicians should
perform routine device monitoring every three months for patients with these
devices. The company is also offering its remote monitoring product Housecall
Plus, where available, at no charge for models compatible with the remote
monitoring system.

"Because the incidence associated with this anomaly is low, St. Jude Medical's
recommendation for monitoring at three-month intervals will be appropriate for
the vast majority of patients," said Bruce Wilkoff, MD, director of cardiac
pacing and tachyarrhythmia devices at the Cleveland Clinic and Heart Center
(Cleveland) and a member of  St. Jude's independent Medical Advisory Board.

While the company said it does not expect this physician communication to have
any material financial impact, some analysts believe it will at least have
moderate impact on the company's revenues.

"Management claims that this advisory will not be financially material, but . .
. we would not be surprised if devices were explanted and future reserves
taken," Morgan Stanley (New York) analyst Glenn Reicin wrote in a research
report.  "Overall, we would expect an explant rate of around 20%, or 5,200 of
the devices currently implanted," he said, adding that this could reduce St.
Jude's pre-tax income by $13 million.

Deutsche Bank (New York) analyst Tao Levy said, "We would classify this ICD
recall as in the mid-lower end of ICD problems we have heard over the last
several quarters from Medtronic and Guidant, and again reflects all the
manufacturers' heightened sensitivity to informing patients and clinicians of
any anomaly, no matter how small."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 16, 2008 Tuesday

Cuts inevitably will affect students, superintendent says

BYLINE: Karen Colbenson, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Dec. 16--BLOOMING PRAIRIE -- With nearly $300,000 in budget cuts looming over
Blooming Prairie's school district, superintendent Barry Olson said it is
inevitable the reductions will affect students.

School board members next month will start hearing recommendations from the
district's needs-assessment committee on ways to reduce the $5.5 million budget.
Following November's failed operating levy, about $280,000 will need to be
trimmed in order to balance the budget, according to school officials.

Board member Rae Jean Hansen said the committee, which is made up of members of
the board and community, is discussing ways to reduce expenses and also ways to
raise more money.

"We are brainstorming about different things," said Hansen.

She said additional fundraising could be an option to avoid some cuts.

In November, voters turned down an operating levy request that called for an
increase from $350 to $700 per pupil for seven years. Board chairperson Kathi
Peterson said that because it failed, the board is forced to cut the difference
from the budget.

A similar referendum was rejected in 2007, which resulted in $200,000 in cuts.
School staff was most affected by those reductions, as the district opted to
combine several teaching positions rather than replace retiring teachers.

With 85 percent of the district's budget slated for staff salaries, it's nearly
impossible to make a cut that won't affect students, said Superintendent Barry
Olson.

"You can't skim down staff and not affect students," he said. "It's the same
whether it's Blooming Prairie or any other area. We aren't getting the
appropriate finances. That's the tightrope you walk."

During Monday's meeting, the board also certified the final levy, payable 2009,
at $2.04 million, an increase of $113,000 from the previous year.

A version of this story appears in the Austin Post-Bulletin.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081216-RC-Cuts-inevitably-will-affect
-students-superintendent-says-1216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2008 Post-Bulletin


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

Will farm Chapter 7 affect land values, markets?

BYLINE: Mikkel PatesStaff Writer, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 889 words


Feb. 27--MOORHEAD, Minn. -- One of the region's ag land marketers says a Chapter
7 bankruptcy of a large specialty crop farmer in the northern Red River Valley
has made farmers in the region take notice, but it should have a limited impact
on the land and land rent markets.

Kevin Pifer, owner and founder of Pifer's Auction and Realty, based in Moorhead,
Minn., says the Chapter 7 bankruptcy of Ron McMartin Jr., in the St. Thomas,
N.D., area could have some effect in his home area and in areas of concentrated
farming in the Grand Forks and Fargo areas.

McMartin in 2016 had farmed about 39,000 acres, producing higher-valued
non-irrigated potatoes, sugar beets and dry edible beans. McMartin was unusual
because of his scale, but also on his high-value crop mix that doesn't allow for
input reductions that some other crops might, Pifer said.

"I compare (land markets) to politics: the old saying that all politics is
local, and I say 'All real estate is local, too,'" Pifer said. "I don't think it
sends major shockwaves throughout the system, and you're not going to see major
gyrations because of one producer that's maybe having some issues -- financial
or otherwise," Pifer says.

McMartin's farm, called McM Inc., expanded largely due to land rental
opportunities.

Local softening

The specialty crop concentrations could see "a little bit of softening" in cash
rents, but Pifer doesn't think land values will drop much.

"If you have good to very good farmland, I think the land market is strong and
very confident today," Pifer said. "We've already seen the drop-off -- probably
two to three years ago, well in the rearview mirror, and it's dropped 20-30
percent. The land market today is basically going sideways."

Pifer's company manages a portfolio of 110,000 acres of farmland in Wisconsin,
Minnesota and North Dakota. Half of that land was up for lease renewal in 2017,
and those declined an average of 1.5 percent.

"That didn't surprise us a lot," he says. "The larger yields pretty much saved
everybody in all commodities throughout the region."

It also is too soon to say who will step in and replace the acres, and what
they'll grow.

"Most of these acres are going to be absorbed by somebody eventually," Pifer
says.

Most landowners want to have contracts in place no later than late March, he
says. Farm operators must have time to order their seed and chemical.

"As a landowner, when you start getting into late February, I would start to be
a little concerned, to get that done," he says.

Pifer's company tries to get its contracts finished by late January to early
February. Operators taking over land occupied by specialty crops must carefully
study its chemical history to ensure it doesn't adversely impact a follow crop.

"Not everybody is going to be able to follow it up in their rotation," he says.

Some of the land in the northern Red River Valley may not immediately be ready
to plant, due to unusually wet summer and fall conditions that led to farmers
having to create deep ruts in some fields in order to get the crop out of the
ground.

"There's got to be some field prep this spring -- a cost that'll be borne by the
new producer," Pifer says.

If a particular community has strong pent-up markets for the land rental market
or sales market, it would offset any McMartin change. Farmers may not see black
ink ahead, but many have benefitted from very good years from 2008 to 2013.

"I think the debt-to-equity ratio is about 13 percent -- one of the lowest in
history," he says, noting that in the 1980s the ratio was about 28 percent.

The drop in cattle prices was faster and harder than anticipated, but the effect
of that is felt in central and western North Dakota.

On the day Agweek was interviewing Pifer, his staff was working on a land rent
auction involving less than 600 acres in parcels in an eastern North Dakota
community. The landowner initially expected $130 an acre from the neighbors, but
got much more. Finalists were involved in the oral bidding which ended up at an
average of $183 an acre, an annual increase of $25,000.

Lenders, investors

Many lenders in the region have lowered their loan-to-value ratios, Pifer said.

"If you go back to 2013 and 2014 -- when we had record profits -- their
loan-to-value ratios on farmland may have been 70 to 75 percent. Now, with the
tightening of farm profits, you're seeing a lot of lenders scaling that back
down to 60 to 65 percent."

The lender might require more collateral.

Lenders aren't as willing to participate in land deals that sell at or above the
appraised value as they were in 2013 when land values were going up. Land
appraisals tend to lag.

The impact of outside investors on land markets also is changing, Pifer said.
From 2002 to 2008, almost half of the land buyers were investors. When the
financial crisis hit in 2008 and 2009, investors lost their balance sheet
strength, and farmers became more competitive. Farm profitability took off and
farmers accounted for 75 to 80 percent of land sales through 2011. Farmland
values hit their peak in the last quarter of 2013 and the two groups were more
equal.

"Now, I would say the investor is probably a little stronger today than the
farmer is," Pifer says.

___ (c)2017 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170227-AW-Will-farm-Chapter-7-affect-land-values-markets-0227-20170227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2017 Agweek


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

Defense pay cuts could affect 2,000-plus in North Dakota, Minnesota

BYLINE: Christopher Bjorke, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 666 words


March 14--A proposed furlough of Department of Defense employees could mean a 20
percent cut in pay for thousands of employees of Grand Forks Air Force Base and
of the North Dakota and Minnesota National Guards.

The cuts would fall on roughly 300 civilian employees at the base, according to
a base spokesman Wednesday.

In the North Dakota Guard, 680 full-time employees paid by the federal
government would be affected; in the Minnesota Guard, it's 1,169 employees,
according to the guards' spokespeople.

Officials from Minot Air Force Base did not respond to an inquiry by press time
Wednesday.

As part of the mandatory federal budget cuts known as the sequester, the Defense
Department proposes to put civilian employees on a one-day-a-week unpaid
furlough, cutting out two days from each pay period, starting April 21 through
the end of the fiscal year, Sept. 30.

"We're like a lot of others, we're waiting for guidance from the Department of
Defense," said Capt. Dan Murphy, spokesman for the North Dakota Guard. "The
decision to furlough employees has not been made yet."

Readiness issue

The biggest threat posed by the furlough would be to the Guard's readiness and
ability to respond to natural disasters or other emergencies, Murphy said.

"Were we to flood, heaven forbid, this spring, we would be able to respond but
it would be a delayed response," he said.

The Minnesota Guard said in a statement that the furloughs have "the potential
to influence the readiness of our service members, equipment, facilities and
training."

Grand Forks base commander Col. Tim Bush, in a statement provided by Chief of
Public Affairs Tim Flack, said the air base wing "will continue to fully support
all operational missions tasked to the Grand Forks Air Force Base despite
sequestration impacts."

Variety of jobs

"If a furlough is directed, we expect the majority of our civilian employees
would be impacted," Flack wrote in an email. "Those employees work in a wide
variety of jobs across the base, from human resources to finance, office
administration to civil engineers."

"Only a few of the 800,000 civilians across the Department of Defense will be
exempt from the furloughs," he wrote.

The North Dakota Guard employees affected are also responsible for duties across
the spectrum of the Guard's activities, including public affairs, government
relations, training, equipment maintenance and other needs, Murphy said.

A regional example would be instructors at the Camp Grafton Training Center near
Devils Lake.

"It's really going to be a cross-section of all the functions," he said.

Those affected include 400 in Bismarck, 225 in Fargo, 60 in Devils Lake and 15
in Grand Forks, according to Murphy. A one-day-a-week furlough would cost them
$2.6 million.

Affected Minnesota Guard employees make up 54 percent of the agency's full-time
work force spread throughout 63 communities in the state, the Guard said in a
statement.

Regional Guard facilities in Minnesota include armories in Thief River Falls and
Crookston.

Tuition suspension

Another result of the federal budget cuts affecting the Guard is the recently
announced freeze on tuition assistance for members of the Guard and Air Force.

The Air Force announced its decision to freeze tuition assistance Tuesday,
following similar decisions by the Army and Marines.

According to Flack, 835 students from Grand Forks Air Force Base used tuition
assistance for 2,200 classes in fiscal year 2012 and 600 had used the assistance
so far in fiscal year 2013.

For the National Guard, 840 members in North Dakota had used the assistance last
year, according to Murphy. In Minnesota, that number was 1,621.

"North Dakota is in the top 10 of all states utilizing the tuition assistance
program," Murphy said.

Call Bjorke at (701) 780-1117; (800) 477-6572, ext. 1117; or send e-mail to
cbjorke@gfherald.com

___ (c)2013 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130314-GF-HLT-Defense-pay-cuts-could-affect
-2,000-plus-in-North-Dakota-Minnesota-0314-20130314

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2013 Grand Forks Herald


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2013 Monday

BRIEF: Honeywell plant closure to affect 110 York employees

BYLINE: Lauren Boyer, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 155 words


May 13--The closure of Honeywell Process Solutions in York will affect 110
employees between August 2013 and March 2014, according to a Worker Adjustment
and Retraining Notification filed Friday with the state Department of Labor and
Industry.

Last week, the company notified employees that it would close its plant, which
manufactures process and field instruments used in the gas industry, by the
first quarter of 2014.

Employees at the East Market Street plant are not represented by a union and do
not have bumping rights, although they may apply for other Honeywell positions,
according to the notice.

"We hope to accomplish these employment actions with the least possible
disruption to the lives of our employees and the community," the notice says.

Reported earlier

Honeywell to close York plant

___ (c)2013 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130513-YO-BRF-Honeywell-plant-closure-to-affect
-110-York-employees-0513-20130513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2013 York Daily Record


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              May 21, 2007 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CANDLE TO AID BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS

BYLINE: LaMont Jones, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; STYLEBOOK; Pg. C-2

LENGTH: 616 words


Scented candles are more popular than ever, with a mind-boggling array of
aromatic choices that range from flowers to decadent desserts.

Now, there's one from Bruster's Real Ice Cream that's formulated to smell like
the company's signature waffle cone. The "Light Their Way" candle project will
donate all proceeds to the charity Big Brothers Big Sisters of America.

The 16-ounce candle is made of soy wax, burns up to 135 hours and is $15.99 at
brusters.com.

In another charity initiative, Skinceuticals is selling three new
limited-edition products, and proceeds will benefit melanoma research and
education programs of the New York-based Skin Cancer Foundation.

All three products contain transparent zinc oxide to boost sun protection.
Affect Daily SPF 20, which can be worn under makeup and is free of fragrance and
oil, is $30. Affect Physical SPF 30, a broad-spectrum sunscreen for traumatized
skin, is $35. And Affect Ultimate SPF 30, with the highest concentration of
broad-spectrum protection, is $35. Check skinceuticals.com or call
1-800-811-1660 for various Pittsburgh-area locations.

PAGEANT WINNERS

Jatara McGee, 13, of New Kensington won the Miss Black Teenage Beauty Pageant
title at the 35th annual event May 13 at Soldiers and Sailors Memorial Hall,
Oakland.

Also during the competition, Malika Fields, 10, of Lawrenceville, won the Miss
Princess title in the preteen division. Jatara, an eighth-grader at Shady Side
Academy, won $1,000, and Malika, a fifth-grader at Liberty Elementary School,
won $500.

Also placing in the teen division were first runner-up Jasmine Glanton of Penn
Hills, second runner-up Maya Boyd of the Hill District, third runner-up Ashley
Super of the North Side, and fourth runner-up Toree Lawson of Homestead.

Miss Princess finalists were first runner-up Brittany Watkins of the North Side,
second runner-up Cherish Morgan of Homewood, third runner-up Jasmine Williams of
Penn Hills, and fourth runner-up Jala Emerson of Rankin.

Other cash scholarship awardees were $500 each to Crystal Woodward at Indiana
University of Pennsylvania, Marcy Perrin at Point Park University, Alicia Bey at
Slippery Rock University, Linda Mason at Penn State University, Joyelle Freeman
at Ohio University, Terri Auston, Sarah Watkins and Ashley Connor at Clarion
University, and the nonprofit Poise Foundation. Also, $1,000 awards were
presented to Ayisha Morgan-Lee at Carnegie Mellon University, Nicol Porter Smith
at Reformed Presbyterian Theological Seminary, and Banksville native Kendra Ross
of Brooklyn, N.Y., toward production of her first album, to be released in June.

AARP MODELS

It's not true that Pittsburgh gets all the cool stuff last or late.

Case in point: Pittsburgh is one of eight stops for the 2007 AARP The Magazine
Road Show and model search. At the event, people over the age of 50 can register
to compete in the "Faces of 50+ Real People Model Search."

Last year, four local women who stopped at the booth at Three Rivers Arts
Festival were among nine selected nationally to appear in the March/April
edition of AARP magazine. They included Joan Lally, of Oakland, Vike Rideout of
Sewickley, Beverly Piacquadio of Dormont and Vicki Cavanaugh of Aspinwall.

Next month, the tour stops in Pittsburgh June 9 and 10 at the Three Rivers Arts
Festival. Between June 1 and Oct. 13, it also travels to Denver, Miami Beach,
Charlotte, N.C., Kema, Texas, Whitehouse Station, N.J., Springfield, Ill., and
St. Paul, Minn.

The show also will feature games, product sampling, prize giveaways, cooking
demos and free health screenings and massages.

For model hopefuls who can't make it to the event, nominations can be made
online at aarpmagazine.org/modelsearch beginning June 1.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Post-Gazette fashion editor LaMont Jones can be reached at
ljones@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1469.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bruster's "Light Their Way" candle is on sale for $15.99.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

TARPON SPRINGS: SEAT 2

BYLINE: MIKE BRASSFIELD, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: CLEARWATER & NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; KNOW YOUR CANDIDATES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 882 words


Three longtime Tarpon Springs residents, all heavily involved in their
community, are running for one open City Commission seat in the March 11
municipal election. They are all seeking Seat 2, which is held by term-limited
Commissioner Susan Slattery. The ballot also will include a referendum on the
proposed sale of city-owned property at 501 S Walton Ave.

................................................................................
................................................................................
................................................................................
................................................................................
................................................................................
................................................................................
......................................................
                     Chris Hrabovsky,      Joe Muzio, 62     Rea Sieber, 61
                         44 Hypnotist            Realtor     Business owner
Experience           An environmental He has been a U.S.     A Sponge Docks
                        and political    Army lieutenant business owner and
                   activist who works         and a vice      former Tarpon
                    as a hypnotist in      president and       Springs High
                    private practice, general manager at    School guidance
                            Hrabovsky  HSN, formerly the  counselor, Sieber
                           frequently      Home Shopping   heads the Tarpon
                     comments at City    Network. He ran   Springs Merchant
                           Commission         for a City    Association and
                      meetings. He is Commission seat in      serves on the
                       best known for 2010. He's been on      city's budget
                         successfully   the board of the advisory committee
                             rallying     Tarpon Springs    and its tourism
                      opposition to a         Chamber of           council.
                     proposed Walmart          Commerce.
                   Supercenter on the
                         banks of the
                       Anclote River.
Education              Bayless Senior Associate's degree     Bachelor's and
                     High School, St.       in business,   master's degrees
                          Louis, Mo.;      Ulster County           from the
                              Florida Community College,      University of
                   certification as a           New York      South Florida
                           consulting
                            hypnotist
What would be your   Outraged by Duke          "Economic           Economic
top priority in       Energy charging     development is       development,
office?             Florida customers going to build the    "smart growth,"
                   $1.5 billion for a   future of Tarpon fixing up Tarpon's
                     nuclear plant it   Springs. I can't    infrastructure,
                    will never build,   say enough about   and streamlining
                      Hrabovsky wants   how I feel about government through
                    Tarpon Springs to           economic  better technology
                    look into running        development  and random audits
                     its own electric    because it just            of city
                           utility or      affects every       departments.
                    switching to TECO entity. It affects
                              Energy.        revenue, it
                                                 affects
                                          population, it
                                                 affects
                                            businesses."
What sets you      Hrabovsky has been        He says his       Sieber tells
apart from the         attending City           business    voters that her
other candidates?          Commission     experience and      experience in
                         meetings for           military       business and
                    years, frequently leadership set him     education, her
                     getting involved apart. He talks of   listening skills
                     in issues. "I've        stimulating and her work ethic
                   already been doing    economic growth  make her the best
                    the job for eight    and says Tarpon   choice. She also
                   years. I can do it hasn't always been  has been endorsed
                     more effectively       welcoming to      by the city's
                       from the other     developers. "I   police union and
                   side of the dais."   want to rekindle firefighter union.
                                      relationships with
                                          developers and
                                             investors."
What do you think  "We have to keep a  "There's a reason     "As a business
of the city's $1.3    balance between    why Walt Disney       owner on the
million plan to       our city's rich   World adds a new   Docks, I am very
enhance the Sponge        history and      attraction to    excited about a
Docks?             heritage, and also   their park every    facelift to the
                    updating where we single year. If it    Sponge Docks. I
                       can. I believe   was the same old agree that we need
                     that Mr. Hoffman   park every year,        to keep our
                     (Ed Hoffman, the   people would not   heritage and our
                            project's               go."    culture. But at
                       architect) has                    the same time, our
                   done a fairly good                     customer base has
                       job at walking                      changed and what
                     that fine line."                     our customers are
                                                            looking for has
                                                                  changed."
What should happen    He believes the Muzio wants to see   She would prefer
to Walmart's          city should buy development there,   to see "either a
74-acre property     the tree-covered possibly including      park or maybe
on U.S. 19 along       property for a   retail. "We have        residential
the Anclote River, park and he's been  parks here in the  properties there.
which is vacant     in touch with the   city. We need to    Protecting that
and up for sale?     Trust for Public  increase revenue.   property is very
                   Land about loaning        Parks don't        important."
                         the city the increase revenue."
                   money. "That's the   At one forum, he
                        last piece of reminded the other
                           waterfront    candidates that
                    property. We need Walmart still owns
                     to preserve it."      the property.
Assets                           Home        Home, bonds               Home
Liabilities                  Mortgage           Mortgage           Mortgage
Income              Hypnosis practice     Realtor income       Retail sales
Personal           Married. Has lived  Married with four      Single. Has a
                    in Tarpon Springs    adult children.        21-year-old
                        for 14 years.       Has lived in      daughter. Has
                                      Tarpon Springs for    lived in Tarpon
                                               27 years.  Springs for eight
                                                                     years.
Website            HelpElectChris.com         joe4me.com ElectReaSieber.com
Email              Chris@HelpElectChr     joe@joe4me.com electreasieber@gma
                               is.com                                il.com

About the job: The winner will serve a three-year term. Tarpon Springs city
commissioners serve on a board of five and earn $8,000 annually.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

David A. Catania (I)* Age: 38 ...

SECTION: D.C. Extra; T08

LENGTH: 930 words


Age: 38

Residence: Dupont Circle.

Education: JD, Georgetown University Law Center; BS, international politics,
Georgetown University School of Foreign Service.

Occupation: Council member; lawyer, OpenBand of Virginia LLC.

Elected offices/civic activities: Member, D.C. Council, 1997-present;
commissioner, Advisory Neighborhood Commission 1D, 1997; vice chairman, National
Legislative Association on Prescription Drug Pricing, 2002-present; alternate
board member, Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, 1999-2004.

What is the most urgent problem facing your jurisdiction?

"Nearly 70,000 District residents have no health insurance. As the chairman of
the Committee on Health, my goal is to create a system of universal access to
health care by 2010. This year alone, I successfully expanded the number of
children covered under Medicaid and created a progressive insurance program for
low- and moderate-income residents modeled after a popular program in New York.
At the same time, I am fighting to lower the cost of prescription drugs,
transform our response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, increase the number of schools
with health clinics and promote preventive care throughout the city."

Why should voters elect you?

"If reelected, I will continue working hard to develop thoughtful solutions to
important issues, including health care, education, economic empowerment and
public safety."

Web site:

www.Catania2006.com

E-mail address:

David@Catania2006.com

Did not respond.

Age: 53

Residence: McLean Gardens.

Education: BA, political science, American University.

Occupation: Council member.

Elected offices/civic activities: Member, D.C. Council, 1999-present;
commissioner, ANC, 1979-98; past member D.C. Democratic State Committee; member,
Committee of 100 on the Federal City, Far Northeast/Southeast Council, Kiwanis
Club (Southwest), Workers Rights Board; past officer, Tenley and Cleveland Park
Emergency Committee, McLean Gardens Residents Association, Wisconsin Avenue
Coordinating Committee.

What is the most urgent problem facing your jurisdiction?

"Public education. It affects whether people move to or stay here. It affects
our children; that is, our future. It affects jobs  -- - our workforce. And it
affects crime. I've supported substantial funding increases for public education
(both DCPS and charter schools). I've advocated for clearer accountability. The
challenge is to get resources to the local schools. We need good principals and
teachers in every school, and budgets for each that are sufficient to avoid
cutbacks in vocational education and optional offerings such as art, music and
sports. I see this personally, as I am a public school parent."

Why should voters elect you?

"I'm a thoughtful and accessible legislator. I'll use my community roots to
continue fighting full time for a better city that serves all its residents."

Web site:

www.reelectphil2006.com

E-mail address:

phmendel@aol.com

Age: 26

Residence: Fairfax Village.

Education: BA, communications, MA, human resource development, Bowie State
University.

Occupation: Security systems specialist, Allied/Chevy Chase Bank.

Elected offices/civic activities: Eagle Scout, Boy Scouts of America; past
chapter president, Phi Beta Sigma fraternity; past member, Bowie State student
athlete advisory committee; president, Bowie State Business School golf club;
member, D.C. Young Republican Grassroots Committee.

What is the most urgent problem facing your jurisdiction?

"Accessible health care. Having urgent care facilities in all areas of city is
important because in an emergency, having facilities nearby saves lives. Also
having another urgent care center will take some of the burden off of emergency
rooms that receive an overload of patients."

Why should voters elect you?

"Because I will work with community leaders to empower neighborhoods and help
reduce taxes and fees so families and small business can stay in D.C."

Web site:

www.skeltonforcouncil.org

E-mail address:

skeltonforcouncil@yahoo.com

Age: 51

Residence: Columbia Heights.

Education: BA, history, political science, Wittenberg University; JD, American
University.

Occupation: Lawyer specializing in commercial litigation and antitrust; former
legal services lawyer.

Elected offices/civic activities: Member, D.C. Board of Education (Ward 2),
1994-98; member, steering committee, D.C. Statehood Green Party; co-chair,
National Green Party peace action committee; CodePink D.C. (women's peace
organization); Foundry Methodist Church Katrina Outreach; past mayoral
appointee, D.C. Commission for Women; co-founder, Kinship Care Coalition;
co-chair, Citizens for New Columbia.

What is the most urgent problem facing your jurisdiction?

"My vision for the city is one in which we choose the type of neighborhoods we
wish to see: neighborhoods which include affordable and multifamily housing,
youth and neighborhood clubs and a mix of retail. Neighborhoods such as Columbia
Heights are at the center of this controversy, and I believe we should not allow
development to be entirely market-driven. Protect rent control, as well as
require inclusionary zoning. We also must continue improving our public school
system. All citizens should be mindful of D.C.'s fundamental lack of political
equality, and advocate for full rights."

Why should voters elect you?

"I have the experience and the vision to work for a progressive,
neighborhood-based city, which respects all persons, regardless of income level
and background."

Web site:

None given.

E-mail address:

wilcox_ann@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                        Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited

                                141 Front Street
                                 Hamilton HM19
                                    Bermuda

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Aspen Insurance is an insurance holding company based in Bermuda. Strong
top-line performance, sound combined ratio and broad product portfolio are the
key strengths of the company, even as its decline in cash position and
overdependence on the US and Canada remain areas of concern. In future, natural
calamities, intense competition and fluctuations in interest rates may affect
its business performance. However, strategic acquisition, growing non-life
insurance segment in North America and strategic initiatives may offer growth
opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


The company had reported a strong top-line performance in FY2015. The revenue of
the company increased by 4%, from USUS$2,646.4 million in FY2014 to US$2,753.4
million in FY2015. The revenue of the company increased due to increase in gross
written premiums and realized and unrealized investment gains. The gross written
premiums of the company increased by 3.2% from US$2,902.7 million in FY2014 to
US$2,997.3 million in FY2015. The realized and unrealized investment gains of
the company increased from US$46.3 million in FY2014 to US$94.5 million in
FY2015. Such strong top-line performance showcases increase in demand for the
company's offerings.

SOUND COMBINED RATIO


The sound combined ratio indicates that the company is making underwriting
profit. The combined ratio of the company was at a satisfactory level of 91.9%
in 2015, compared with 91.7% in 2014 and 92.6% in 2013. Aspen Insurance had
maintained a combined ratio below 100% for three consecutive years. A suitable
level of combined ratio helps the company to record higher underwriting profit
margins, strengthening its financial position. In FY2015, the company reported
underwriting profit of US$263.4 million.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad portfolio of products enables it to meet the diverse
requirements of customers, which, in turn, helps it to retain and expand its
existing customer base. The company offers a range of non-life insurance and
reinsurance products. Its product portfolio includes property insurance,
casualty insurance, marine insurance, aviation insurance, transportation
insurance, professional liability insurance and construction liability
insurance. It also offers accident and health insurance, casualty reinsurance,
property reinsurance, marine reinsurance, terrorism reinsurance and engineering
and technical lines reinsurance. Such a wide range of product offerings drives
Aspen Insurance's top-line performance.


WEAKNESSES:


OVER DEPENDENCE ON THE US AND CANADA


The company's overdependence on the US and Canada for major part of its gross
written premiums remains a cause of concern. Although the company operates
through eight geographic divisions: Australia and Asia, Caribbean, Europe, the
UK, the US and Canada, Worldwide excluding the US, Worldwide including the US
and Others, it generates significant part of its gross written premium for
insurance and reinsurance business from the US and Canada. In FY2015, the
company's insurance division derived 54.3% of its gross written premiums from
the US and Canada and its reinsurance division generated 42.5% of its gross
written premiums from the US and Canada. Such overdependence on the US and
Canada may adversely affect its business performance, if the region experiences
any political and economic change.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined by 6.7%, from US$1,178.5 million in FY2014 to US$1,099.5 million in
FY2015. Decline in cash and equivalents may affect the working capital
requirements of the company, which in turn may affect the company's business
operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING NON-LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT IN NORTH AMERICA


Growing non-life insurance segment in North American will provide significant
growth opportunities for the company. According to in-house report, the gross
premium written of non-life insurance segment in the US and Canada is expected
to reach US$1,229.9 billion and US$49.9 billion in 2019, respectively. Rising
construction industry, rising demand for professional liability insurance,
technological advancements and rising vehicle sales are expected to be major
drivers for the growth of non-life insurance segment. The company, a provider of
non-life insurance products in the US and Canada, is placed well to benefit from
this.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITION


The company is focusing on strengthening its existing businesses through
acquiring companies that strategically complement its existing businesses. For
instance, in January 2016, the company acquired AgriLogic Insurance Services
LLS, a crop insurance provider based in the US. The acquisition has provided the
company with gross written premiums of US$185 million and robust infrastructure.
The acquisition further diversified the company's portfolio of specialty
insurance business. Such acquisition would help the company to achieve high
inorganic growth as well as enhance its market position and broaden its product
portfolio.

STRATEGIC GROWTH INITIATIVES


The company had taken various strategic initiatives for growing its business.
For instance, in November 2015, company's insurance segment established its
presence in Singapore insurance through Aspen's Lloyd's syndicate on the Lloyd's
Asia platform. This had offered the company with an opportunity to expand its
client's base in Singapore and diversify its underwriting products base. Earlier
in April 2015, the company entered into a memorandum of understanding with Starr
Companies, a global insurance and finance service provider, to form a joint
underwriting initiative to write international property insurance. In the same
year, the company also developed its property operations in Chicago, the US and
Bermuda. Such strategic growth initiatives are expected to align the company's
business operations in line with the industry and generate higher returns.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATION IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the company's
investment income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to monetary policies of
government, domestic and international, economic and political conditions, and
other factors beyond its control. The company invests cash in new interest
bearing investments, which may yield lower than its portfolio's average rate of
return with decline in interest rates. A decrease in interest rates may also
result in buying longer-term or riskier assets in order to obtain adequate
investment yields leading in a duration gap when compared to the duration of
liabilities. An increase in interest rates may affect the value of its
investment portfolio by decreasing the fair values of the fixed maturity
securities. Therefore, a decrease in quality of investment portfolio with
changes in interest rates may cause realized losses on securities.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Aspen Insurance operates in a highly competitive global non-life and reinsurance
market, which may adversely affect its market share and profits. The company
competes with various reinsurance and non-life insurers based on the factors
such as premiums charged and other terms and conditions offered, products and
services provided, commission structure, financial ratings assigned by
independent rating agencies, speed of claims payment, reputation, selling effort
and perceived financial strength. Some of the major competitors of the company
include Validus Holdings Limited, Everest Re Group Limited, Partner Re Limited,
XL Group Plc and AXIS Capital holdings Limited. Such intense competition is
likely to put the company's market position under stress and may keep revenues
under pressure.

NATURAL CALAMITIES


Natural calamities are likely to impact the overall insurance industry. The year
2015 witnessed a series of natural calamities across the world. The US witnessed
floods in North and South Caroline in October 2015, cyclone in California in
September 2015, and floods in Taxes and Oklahoma in May 2015. The UK witnessed
flooding in Cumbria and southern parts of Ireland and Scotland between December
2015 and January 2016. Australia witnessed floods in Queensland and Sydney in
April and May 2015 and bush fire in Esperance, Western Australia in November
2015. The French city of Cannes witnessed severe floods in October 2015. The
unusual spurt in the number and the size of these calamities presents numerous
challenges for the insurance industry. Natural calamities such as these give
rise to uncertainty in the loss estimation process and adversely impact the
operators in the insurance market. Such events may also adversely impact the
company's performance, in the event of the company failing to implement
efficient underwriting practices and reliable risk assessment methods.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 19, 2014 Sunday

Official: Denver didn't affect Pueblo

BYLINE: Anthony A. Mestas, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


Jan. 19--In the midst of a $3.3 million budget challenge at Colorado State
University-Pueblo, several questions have come up about the CSU System's new
Denver South initiation.

The main question is: Are any monies currently allocated to CSU-Pueblo being
taken away to go toward Denver South?

School officials said CSU-Denver South came about when Denver business leaders
asked the CSU system to deliver specific programs in nursing, business and
engineering to address needs in the Denver region.

The idea is that students in the Denver area who may not attend schools in the
system could get course work in Denver. The programs are offered mainly through
CSU-Pueblo and CSU-Fort Collins.

CSU-Pueblo President Lesley Di Mare told The Pueblo Chieftain's editorial board
Friday that the school's nursing program and business college are a part of this
new initiative.

CSU System Chancellor Michael Martin explained that the Denver program is not an
actual physical campus.

A business program set to kick off next fall will most likely be taught in a
facility in the offices of Charles Schwab in Denver.

"We are letting the main campuses utilize faculty that may be under-utilized now
in another place," Martin said.

Martin said that most likely the nursing program will be taught at Skyridge
Medical Center in Denver.

Martin said the money used to start the

program came from money saved from layoffs in his office.

"We are not taking money away from Pueblo. The objective is to put money back
into Pueblo," Martin said.

Jonathan Rees, a history professor at CSU-Pueblo, still had concerns Saturday.

"My concern is that we are firing people in Southern Colorado in order to
educate people in Northern Colorado," Rees said.

"I realize that if this succeeds the university may make money in the long run,
but I think the university's mission is to be a regional comprehensive
university."

He said the university's mission is to educate people in Southern Colorado and
not going to Northern Colorado, where the money is.

"I am so proud of our students who attended the forum Friday because the
university has to be accountable to them," Rees said. anthonym@chieftain.com

___ (c)2014 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140119-PB-Official-Denver-didn-t-affect-Pueblo-0119-20140119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2014 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

National recall of chicken salad affects Womack Army Medical Center

BYLINE: Caitlin Dineen, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


Oct. 31--Fort Bragg officials said a type of chicken salad served at Womack Army
Medical Center has been recalled nationally for a possible bacteria
contamination.

Ben Abel, a Fort Bragg spokesman, said the center served about 40 servings of
chicken salad by Oregon-based Reser's Fine Foods on Oct. 23 and 24 before the
recall was announced. It was served in the main dining facility, Grab n Go
location and to two patients, Abel said Wednesday.

The chicken salad was recalled because it may have been contaminated, according
to a news release. It is a refrigerated ready-to-eat food product distributed
nationwide and in Canada.

No illnesses have been reported nationally, the release said.

According to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration website, Reser's officials
issued a recall Oct. 22 for certain ready-to-eat food. They expanded the recall
Saturday to other types of salads made at the the company's Topeka, Kan.,
facility.

Listeria monocytogenes, the bacteria that may be in the food items, can cause
serious or even fatal infections in children and frail or elderly people,
according to the FDA.

Anyone who ate the food should contact their physician, Abel said. Potential
symptoms include fever, headache, stiffness and nausea.

Staff writer Caitlin Dineen can be reached at Dineenc@fayobserver.com or
486-3509.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131031-FY-National-recall-of-chicken-salad-affects
-Womack-Army-Medical-Center-1031-20131031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

National recall of chicken salad affects Womack Army Medical Center

BYLINE: Caitlin Dineen, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


Oct. 31--Fort Bragg officials said a type of chicken salad served at Womack Army
Medical Center has been recalled nationally for a possible bacteria
contamination.

Ben Abel, a Fort Bragg spokesman, said the center served about 40 servings of
chicken salad by Oregon-based Reser's Fine Foods on Oct. 23 and 24 before the
recall was announced. It was served in the main dining facility, Grab n Go
location and to two patients, Abel said Wednesday.

The chicken salad was recalled because it may have been contaminated, according
to a news release. It is a refrigerated ready-to-eat food product distributed
nationwide and in Canada.

No illnesses have been reported nationally, the release said.

According to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration website, Reser's officials
issued a recall Oct. 22 for certain ready-to-eat food. They expanded the recall
Saturday to other types of salads made at the Topeka, Kan., site.

Listeria monocytogenes, the bacteria that may be in the food items, can cause
serious or even fatal infections in children and frail or elderly people,
according to the FDA.

Anyone who ate the food should contact their physician, Abel said. Potential
symptoms include fever, headache, stiffness and nausea.

Staff writer Caitlin Dineen can be reached at Dineenc@fayobserver.com or
486-3509.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131031-FY-National-recall-of-chicken-salad-affects
-Womack-Army-Medical-Center-1031-20131031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday

End of adultBasic health insurance affects almost 16,000 York County residents

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 744 words


April 17--YORK, Pa -- Paula Seago of Lower Windsor Township never got to enroll
in adultBasic, the state program designed to provide assistance for uninsured
and underinsured working adults.

Almost two years ago, she got on the waiting list. And waited. And waited.

And then the program ended Feb. 28, without her ever having made it.

When she first got on the list, it was because the insurance her husband got
through work didn't pay for her. Now that she's divorced and taking care of two
teenagers, the situation is even more urgent, she said.

Seago, who works as a nurse, now has insurance through her employer. But she
said it's proven inadequate for her. Her kids are enrolled in CHIP, a state
program for uninsured children.

Seago said she herself falls in that frustrating zone where she's not making
enough to afford adequate insurance but making too much to qualify for other
relief programs.

"I'm one of those people who fall in the cracks," she said.

According to state Auditor General Jack Wagner, a lot of York County residents
are in Seago's situation. As of January, 641 York County residents were enrolled
in adultBasic and 15,857 were on the waiting list, according to Wagner's office.

Statewide, according to Wagner, 41,424 people were enrolled and 493,424 were on
the waiting list.

Wagner has called for a series of state hearings into the redirection of the
Tobacco Settlement Act payments that previously funded adultBasic, as well as a
number of other health-related programs.

The money is from a lawsuit that Pennsylvania and 45 other states filed against
tobacco companies -- alleging that the industry misled the public about risks of
tobacco use, thus obliging states to bear related health care costs. In 2001,
the Pennsylvania Legislature designated the resulting $206 billion in settlement
money toward health care in one capacity or another.

Those health care funding sources include Medicaid for workers with
disabilities, tobacco prevention and cessation programs, and health research.

According to Wagner, the Pennsylvania government started redirecting that money
into its general fund in 2005. And Gov. Tom Corbett, who took office this year,
appears intent on continuing that trend.

Kirsten Page, a spokeswoman for Corbett, said the governor simply had to set
priorities for state spending, given a limited pool of funds.

"There was simply not enough money to support this program," Page said. "It was
not a program meant to last forever."

State Rep. Eugene DePasquale, D-West Manchester, said he would support those
hearings. He takes issue with the redirection of the tobacco funds and the
elimination of adultBasic.

"It's a shame that thousands of Pennsylvanians have lost that coverage because
of the decision of Tom Corbett," DePasquale said.

But York County Human Services Director Bev Mackereth said she had concerns
about adultBasic when it was created under Gov. Tom Ridge's administration in
2001.

Mackereth was a state representative at the time. She thought the funds
designated for a program of that scale wouldn't be able to sustain it for the
long-term. And while it might help people while it existed, she worried about
the consequences of getting people to depend on a program that was destined to
end.

Eve Gardner of the Healthy York Network said she's heard from a lot of local
residents since Corbett first began to talk about discontinuing adultBasic.

The Healthy York Network is a nonprofit maintained by Wellspan Health that
provides basic coverage for uninsured or underinsured York County residents who
meet certain income guidelines.

Since January, Gardner said, she's received hundreds of calls from people on
adultBasic inquiring about her program. Some were already undergoing treatments,
including cancer treatment.

"Those were the toughest calls to take," Gardner said.

Learn more

The Pennsylvania Insurance Department is providing more information on the
adultBasic phase-out and other health insurance options at 800-GO-BASIC. You can
call 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday or 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday.

For more information on the Healthy York Network, call 812-2990 or 800-429-2430

To see more of the York Daily Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ydr.com. Copyright (c) 2011, York Daily Record, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110417-YO-End-of-adultBasic-health-insurance-affects
-almost-16,000-York-County-residents-0417-20110417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2011 York Daily Record


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      October 2, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

PLAN TO USE YOUR VOICE

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 316 words


THE GOVERNMENT, FROM TOP to bottom, federal to city, makes decisions that affect
all of our daily lives, from the air we breathe to the food we eat. The federal
government has a say in what foods and medicine will be available to us. It can
alter our constitutional and civil rights. It can put our sons and daughters
into war.

The state affects our air, our schools, our highways and infrastructure. County
and city also can affect our streets, roads and schools and our parks, pets and
public safety. They all affect our economy, and they all can get a piece of our
paychecks.

But government is not a far-away, untouchable "it;" instead "it" is made of
people, individuals, and each of us who is 18 and older has a say in which of
those individuals will be our voice in the capitals and halls. But we have to
use that voice; we have to vote.

In the March primary, 70 percent of eligible voters in Contra Costa County were
registered. Only 60 percent of those voted, which means 42 percent of the people
influenced the election. National statistics are similar; fewer than half the
eligible voters are deciding who makes the decisions for all the people, for
you.

So for those who choose to keep silent at election time, you've let someone else
make a decision for you. Remember that when you want to complain and whine about
that new tax, that dumb rule or about how conservative or liberal the
representatives are.

Regardless of whether you pick them, they represent you. But if you vote, you
have a say, you make a statement even if your candidate loses. Voting is a right
and it matters.

But before you can vote, you've got to register. The last day to register for
the upcoming November election is Oct. 10. Forms can be picked up at the county
registrars offices, Post Offices, DMVs and, in limited supply, at the front desk
of the Contra Costa Times in Walnut Creek.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 5, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

VOICES/How would a defense budget cut affect your community?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 298 words


Eleanor Richardson, 76 State representative Decatur, Ga.
We have a number of military bases across the state, and there would be cuts,
but I can't say specifically where the cuts would come. As the defense budget is
reduced, there has to be some way of helping those people who are dependent on
the military by retraining them in the area of human resources.

Randolph Gee, 38 Pricing manager Los Angeles, Calif.
When you look at Southern California as a whole, the impact won't be nearly as
bad as it would be if aerospace and defense were the major industries. Because
of the international posture of Los Angeles, there is the opportunity to
transfer from government-related contracts to commercial contracts.

Loch Clark, 35 Lawyer Bellingham, Wash.
Any cuts in the defense budget would affect the state significantly because of
Boeing and its subsidiaries. But I don't see any direct hardships on us locally.
This thaw in the Cold War gives one the feeling that one should sit back and
look at the situation for a while before making any major decisions on cuts.

Leslie Lewin, 41 Soup kitchen coord. Blue Point, N.Y.
At the onset, budget cuts would have a negative affect on our economy. People
would lose their jobs, and defense contractors would have to redirect their
efforts in other specialties. I know that Grumman has opened up a large branch
in data systems, and is redirecting in the area of computers.

Cleaster Kilgore, 53 Hospital technician South Bend, Ind.
LTV Missiles and Electronics Group is a large employer in South Bend. I know a
lot of families that would be hit if anything happened to that company. We
already have many people who are unemployed and homeless, and any more layoffs
will make things worse. Our city doesn't need any more cuts.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (John Seidensticker, Webster, Texas); PHOTO; b/w (Eleanor
Richardson, Decatur, Ga.); PHOTO; b/w ( Randolph Gee, Los Angeles, Calif.);
PHOTO; b/w (Loch Clark, Bellingham, Wash.); PHOTO; b/w (Leslie Lewin, Blue
Point, N.Y.); PHOTO; b/w (Cleaster Kilgore, South Bend, Ind.)

TYPE: Opinion; Voices

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                December 4, 2000

Daimler To Idle Plants To Cut Inventories Chrysler Facilities To Close For Three
Weeks As Sales Tumble

BYLINE: By, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE:  DETROIT (AP)


The troubled Chrysler arm of DaimlerChrysler AG says it will idle a number of
plants in the next three weeks to cut inventories of unsold vehicles.  The
company also said Friday that its sales for November were down 5%, with sales of
its minivans skidding 16%, despite the introduction of all-new models.
DaimlerChrysler said it would idle two plants the first week of December, one
plant the week of Dec. 11 and five plants the week of Dec. 18. The first week's
shutdowns will affect 5,500 workers, while the second will affect 2,000 and the
third 19,200.  "The industry is dealing with a highly competitive, saturated
marketplace today," said Chrysler President and CEO Dieter Zetsche in a
statement.  'Excess Inventory' "The combination of a softening market and an
excess of inventory requires immediate action," he said.  The moves come as the
company struggles to handle a slowdown in the U.S. auto market. The last week of
November, Chrysler idled three plants and 13,600 workers in Detroit, Toledo,
Ohio, and Ontario, Canada, to cut inventories.  In November, it closed seven
plants for a week - a move that surprised DaimlerChrysler Chairman Juergen
Schrempp and eventually led to the ouster of Chrysler President James Holden.
The first week of December, the Newark, Del., plant and the St. Louis North
truck plant in Hazelwood, Mo., will be idled. The following week, the Pillette
Road plant in Windsor, Ontario, plant will be shut down; the week of Dec. 18,
plants in Belvidere, Ill., Detroit, Hazelwood, Mo., Toledo, Ohio, and Brampton,
Ontario, will not operate. Workers Get 95% Of Pay Chrysler did not say how the
shutdown would affect its other parts-making plants, such as metal stamping and
engine assembly, in the United States and Canada.  U.S. workers will get 95% of
their regular pay under contracts with the United Auto Workers, while Canadian
workers will get 65% under their Canadian Auto Workers contract.  Jamie Jameson,
Chrysler's vice president for sales and marketing operations, said the shutdowns
will cut about 50,000 vehicles from Chrysler's inventories. He said the company
was aiming to have a 70 to 75 days' supply of vehicles - 470,000 to 480,000 - by
the end of December, down from about 80 days' supply at the end of October.  The
industry standard for inventory is usually 60 days' supply, but General Motors
Corp. and Ford Motor Co. also have been holding more than that in recent months.
GM also has idled plants to reduce inventories, while Ford's inventories have
been affected by parts shortages.  Struggling Minivan Sales Jameson said the 16%
drop in minivan sales appeared to be fallout from the company's struggles with
such sales earlier this year. The company's minivans account for about 40% of
the vehicles it sells each year, and make a significant share of its profits as
well.  "We are disappointed with the sales rate of the 2001s," Jameson said.
"They're not moving as fast as we had hoped they were." Chrysler has admitted it
overestimated demand for older 2000 model year minivans, which forced it to use
incentives of up to $ 4,000 to clear out the old models to make room for the new
2001 versions. Those incentives were part of the reason for the $ 512 million
third-quarter loss Chrysler reported in October.  The steep incentives created a
chasm between the old and new models that many customers have not been willing
to cross, even as Chrysler added leasing incentives to the new versions.  SUVs A
Bright Spot "The new ones are an evolution of the old models," said analyst
Michael Bruynesteyn with Prudential Securities. Despite several new features,
"it's not enough to bridge the price gap of several thousand dollars." The
company said car sales were down 15%, similar to declines earlier this year,
while pickup sales were down 2% and sport utility vehicle sales were up 6%.
Bruynesteyn said cutting production, instead of cranking up cash rebates and
incentives, is the strategy that Zetsche will try to use to restore Chrysler's
profits.  "He's going to try and protect the brand a little more and if he has
to cut production he will cut production, which is the prudent thing to do in
the long term, but it hurts in the short term," Bruynesteyn said.

LOAD-DATE: December 04, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2000 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

REAL ID ACT to affect military bases starting Thursday

BYLINE: Nicole Cooke, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Sept. 15--Beginning Thursday, Missourians will no longer be able to use their
state-issued driver's license to gain access to a military base, such as
Whiteman Air Force Base, due to the REAL ID Act.

According to the U.S. Homeland Security website, the REAL ID Act was passed by
Congress in 2005, enacting the 9/11 Commission's recommendation that the Federal
Government "set standards for the issuance of sources of identification, such as
driver's licenses." The Act established minimum security standards for
state-issued driver's licenses and identification cards and prohibits Federal
agencies from accepting licenses or identification cards from states that do not
meet the standards.

So far, less than half of states -- 23 plus Washington, D.C. -- have complied
with the REAL ID Act, Missouri not being one of them. In fact, in 2009, the
Missouri legislature approved a law that barred the state from complying.
Minnesota, Washington and American Samoa are also not compliant.

Twenty-four states, plus Puerto Rico, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands and the
U.S. Virgin Islands, also aren't compliant but have an extension, allowing
Federal agencies to accept driver's licenses from these states until Oct. 10.

To gain access to Whiteman Air Force Base, citizens have two options: use
another federally-recognized form of photo ID, such as a U.S. passport, or use
their Missouri-issued driver's license and be escorted by an authorized person
during the entire time the citizen is on base. If Missouri stays non-compliant,
it could eventually affect Missourians trying to board a plane.

State Rep. Nathan Beard, R-Sedalia, said REAL ID was discussed during the last
legislative session and that he thought it would "definitely" be brought up
during the current session. He added that during the discussion there wasn't
much of a consensus on what Missouri should do when it comes to REAL ID.

"There are certainly strong interests in arguments that deal with privacy that
people have problems with and the Federal government has placed us in that
position," he said by phone Wednesday afternoon from Jefferson City. "We're
still trying to figure that out. It might be too much to ask for everyone to
have a passport to get on base, but at the same time we're still trying to
figure out what other options there might be."

Beard said one of those options, which he said he thinks is the most realistic,
is giving Missourians the option to comply with REAL ID when getting a new
license.

"Basically it would be an option to the citizens in Missouri to go to the DMV
and provide the necessary personal documents required to get a compliant ID.
Then they have the option if they want to give up those documents and personal
information they could do it, get an ID to satisfy the rule to get on base," he
explained. "If you have an issue with the privacy issue you can get a passport
or don't go on base. It satisfies both camps. Of course there's a price tag
attached to it."

Beard said he will be affected by the change as he is a member of the Base
Community Council, which meets on the base once a month to talk about how the
Sedalia, Knob Noster and Whiteman communities can partner together. He said he
has an ID issued by the base for Council members, but it is not REAL ID
compliant so he can no longer use it. He added that base officials had the idea
for Council members to meet at the golf course across the street and authorized
persons would pick up the members on golf carts and then chaperone them during
their time on base.

It could also cause problems for civilian vendors and contractors or family
members who don't have a compliant ID and are trying to access Whiteman -- now
they'll need proper ID or an escort, which can take base workers away from their
jobs to act as chaperones.

"What I'm concerned about is my Knob Noster constituents who perhaps are
divorced -- the father is a military member but the mother is not and the
children attend school on base," Beard said. "That puts the mother in a pickle
to get on base to get the children after school -- what's she going to do?
Without a passport, we have a problem.

"The base is really bending over backwards and working some miracles to find
some middle ground that is still compliant," he added. "It's an issue that will
definitely crop up (this legislative session)."

Nicole Cooke can be reached at 660-530-0138 or @NicoleRCooke.

___ (c)2016 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160915-SX-REAL-ID-ACT-to-affect
-military-bases-starting-Thursday-0915-20160915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2016 The Sedalia Democrat


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

Will McM's Chapter 7 affect land values, markets?

BYLINE: The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 892 words


Feb. 27--MOORHEAD, Minn. -- One of the region's ag land marketers says a Chapter
7 bankruptcy of a large specialty crop farmer in the northern Red River Valley
has made farmers in the region take notice, but it should have a limited impact
on the land and land rent markets.

Kevin Pifer, owner and founder of Pifer's Auction and Realty, based in Moorhead,
Minn., says the Chapter 7 bankruptcy of Ron McMartin Jr., in the St. Thomas,
N.D., area could have some effect in his home area and in areas of concentrated
farming in the Grand Forks and Fargo areas.

McMartin in 2016 had farmed about 39,000 acres, producing higher-valued
non-irrigated potatoes, sugar beets and dry edible beans. McMartin was unusual
because of his scale, but also on his high-value crop mix that doesn't allow for
input reductions that some other crops might, Pifer said.

"I compare (land markets) to politics: the old saying that all politics is
local, and I say 'All real estate is local, too,'" Pifer said. "I don't think it
sends major shockwaves throughout the system, and you're not going to see major
gyrations because of one producer that's maybe having some issues -- financial
or otherwise," Pifer says.

McMartin's farm, called McM Inc., expanded largely due to land rental
opportunities.

Local softening

The specialty crop concentrations could see "a little bit of softening" in cash
rents, but Pifer doesn't think land values will drop much.

"If you have good to very good farmland, I think the land market is strong and
very confident today," Pifer said. "We've already seen the drop-off -- probably
two to three years ago, well in the rearview mirror, and it's dropped 20-30
percent. The land market today is basically going sideways."

Pifer's company manages a portfolio of 110,000 acres of farmland in Wisconsin,
Minnesota and North Dakota. Half of that land was up for lease renewal in 2017,
and those declined an average of 1.5 percent.

"That didn't surprise us a lot," he says. "The larger yields pretty much saved
everybody in all commodities throughout the region."

It also is too soon to say who will step in and replace the acres, and what
they'll grow.

"Most of these acres are going to be absorbed by somebody eventually," Pifer
says.

Most landowners want to have contracts in place no later than late March, he
says. Farm operators must have time to order their seed and chemical.

"As a landowner, when you start getting into late February, I would start to be
a little concerned, to get that done," he says.

Pifer's company tries to get its contracts finished by late January to early
February. Operators taking over land occupied by specialty crops must carefully
study its chemical history to ensure it doesn't adversely impact a follow crop.

"Not everybody is going to be able to follow it up in their rotation," he says.

Some of the land in the northern Red River Valley may not immediately be ready
to plant, due to unusually wet summer and fall conditions that led to farmers
having to create deep ruts in some fields in order to get the crop out of the
ground.

"There's got to be some field prep this spring -- a cost that'll be borne by the
new producer," Pifer says.

If a particular community has strong pent-up markets for the land rental market
or sales market, it would offset any McMartin change. Farmers may not see black
ink ahead, but many have benefitted from very good years from 2008 to 2013.

"I think the debt-to-equity ratio is about 13 percent -- one of the lowest in
history," he says, noting that in the 1980s the ratio was about 28 percent.

The drop in cattle prices was faster and harder than anticipated, but the effect
of that is felt in central and western North Dakota.

On the day Agweek was interviewing Pifer, his staff was working on a land rent
auction involving less than 600 acres in parcels in an eastern North Dakota
community. The landowner initially expected $130 an acre from the neighbors, but
got much more. Finalists were involved in the oral bidding which ended up at an
average of $183 an acre, an annual increase of $25,000.

Lenders, investors

Many lenders in the region have lowered their loan-to-value ratios, Pifer said.

"If you go back to 2013 and 2014 -- when we had record profits -- their
loan-to-value ratios on farmland may have been 70 to 75 percent. Now, with the
tightening of farm profits, you're seeing a lot of lenders scaling that back
down to 60 to 65 percent."

The lender might require more collateral.

Lenders aren't as willing to participate in land deals that sell at or above the
appraised value as they were in 2013 when land values were going up. Land
appraisals tend to lag.

The impact of outside investors on land markets also is changing, Pifer said.
From 2002 to 2008, almost half of the land buyers were investors. When the
financial crisis hit in 2008 and 2009, investors lost their balance sheet
strength, and farmers became more competitive. Farm profitability took off and
farmers accounted for 75 to 80 percent of land sales through 2011. Farmland
values hit their peak in the last quarter of 2013 and the two groups were more
equal.

"Now, I would say the investor is probably a little stronger today than the
farmer is," Pifer says.

___ (c)2017 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170227-QX-Will-McM-s-Chapter-7-affect
-land-values-markets-0227-20170227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2017 The Dickinson Press


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Incoming storm front could affect Eastern N.M. travel

BYLINE: The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 182 words


Nov. 25--A cold front moving into New Mexico from the northeast late Thursday
could bring wet and cold weather to the eastern part of the state, leading to
challenges for some holiday travelers.

Brian Guyer, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Albuquerque,
said there is a 40 percent to 50 percent chance for precipitation in the Santa
Fe area on Friday and Saturday.

"Snow accumulations don't look too significant; there will be light snow
accumulations, if any at all," he said. "The main impact will be east of Santa
Fe into Eastern New Mexico and toward Texas, where we are looking for a mixture
of sleet, freezing rain and snow ... so travel could be fairly treacherous."

Thanksgiving Day should be clear, with highs in the 50s in the Santa Fe area. By
Sunday, clear conditions will return to the region with temperatures in the 40s,
Guyer said.

"Most of next week looks dry, cool and breezy," he said.

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151125-SF-BRF-Incoming-storm-front-could-affect
-Eastern-N-M-travel-1125-20151125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Rio Grande dispute won't affect flow

BYLINE: Matt Hildner, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 238 words


March 24--ALAMOSA -- A dispute with Texas over the calculation of water
deliveries under the Rio Grande Compact won't have an impact on how Colorado
manages its share of the river in the San Luis Valley.

Craig Cotten, the division engineer for the valley, said the difference in
calculations was roughly 300 acre-feet.

"It's a very small amount of water," he said.

The amount of water in the Rio Grande that has crossed the Colorado state line
in the last decade has ranged from as little as 68,000 acre-feet in the drought
year of 2003 to as much as 430,000 acre-feet in 2005.

Colorado and New Mexico have disagreed with Texas over how the Bureau of
Reclamation has calculated evaporation rates from a pool of credit water
contributed by the upstream states that ends up in Elephant Butte Reservoir.

Cotten said Colorado and New Mexico would prefer to see the calculations done at
the end of the year as opposed to a running basis.

The dispute, which started in 2011, prevented the three states from signing off
on the final delivery totals at Thursday's meeting of the Rio Grande Compact
Commission.

The calculation of evaporation rates in the pool of credit water is the subject
of a lawsuit between New Mexico and the bureau in U.S. District Court in New
Mexico.

mhildner@yahoo.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130324-PB-Rio-Grande-dispute-won-t-affect-flow-0324-20130324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

No word if cuts will affect Brownsville

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Dec. 16--Despite American Eagle's announcement Thursday that it may furlough 223
pilots and flight attendants in February, Larry Brown, director of aviation for
the Brownsville South Padre Island International Airport, said he's heard
nothing from the air carrier to indicate Brownsville's passenger service will be
affected.

AMR Corporation, the parent company of American Airlines and its affiliate,
regional carrier American Eagle, announced last month it had filed Chapter 11
bankruptcy. The company predicted some furloughs would be necessary as part of
restructuring. On Thursday, American Eagle sent a letter to the Texas Workforce
Commission saying the company may furlough 119 Texas-based pilots and 104 flight
attendants this February as it trims its fleet of aircraft.

"Regrettably, reductions in those aircraft counts may result in an employment
loss for American Eagle and Executive Airlines employees at the Dallas/Fort
Worth International Airport," the letter reads.

Brown said that, in addition to layoffs, American Eagle has said it likely would
pull service from some airports as part of the bankruptcy, though as far as he
knows Brownsville is safe for now.

"When I met with American Eagle, now about four weeks ago, that's what they
indicated: To anticipate a normal schedule for the time being," Brown said.
"Obviously, as part of their bankruptcy process they're looking at all their
operations among all the stations that they serve, but we've got some advantages
here that some other stations may not have."

Brownsville's passenger yields "are not bad," for instance, the carrier's
operating costs in Brownsville are low compared to other markets, he said. Those
are two key factors American Eagle -- or any airline for that matter --
considers when deciding what markets to serve, Brown said. Fortunately,
Brownsville's airport isn't saddled with a huge amount of debt, he noted.

"(American Eagle's) cost for operating out of this airport is cheaper than any
other airport they operate out of," Brown said. "We're not trying to recover the
cost of a giant new terminal somewhere."

___ (c)2011 The Brownsville Herald (Brownsville, Texas) Visit The Brownsville
Herald (Brownsville, Texas) at www.brownsvilleherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111216-BV-No-word-if-cuts-will-affect-Brownsville-1216-20111216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 20, 2011 Sunday

Japan disaster coverage gives some heightened sense of awareness

BYLINE: Angie Brant, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


March 20--CUMBERLAND -- One week after a magnitude 9.0 earthquake and resulting
tsunami devastated communities along the eastern coast of Japan, people of that
country continue to struggle with the loss of life and homes.

The latest issue facing the residents of Japan is the containment of a damaged
nuclear power plant. Four of the six nuclear reactors at the Fukushima Dai-ichi
power plant, located on the on the northeast coast of Japan, have been
compromised and there have been continuing reports of fires, explosions and
leaking radiation.

The Japanese government has ordered the evacuation of individuals within a
12-mile radius of the plant. However, U.S. representatives with the Department
of Energy are urging Americans in the area to stay at least 50 miles away from
the power plant. As more information is obtained, there is a growing concern
that the radiation could affect people not only in Japan, but also in other
regions of the world. There is a growing sense of concern that radioactive
particles could be carried across the Pacific Ocean and into the United States.

Coverage of the disaster has resulted in a heightened sense of awareness to area
residents about the possible dangers of nuclear power.

For Barbara Wiggin and Nancy Klink, both of Frostburg, the Japanese disaster has
made them pause and consider the safety of nuclear power in this country.

"I never really thought about the possibility of a nuclear disaster, it has been
so long since Chernobyl or Three-Mile Island. I also didn't realize that there
are so many in this country. I have heard there are 103 nuclear power plants in
the U.S. It makes you aware of the danger and does make me concerned," Wiggin
said.

Klink said she fears that, based on the maps, people on the West Coast could
experience some radioactive fallout.

"It does look like it could affect the people on the West Coast and this entire
event has made me more aware of what could happen," Klink said.

Dr. Gary Reasor of Louisville, Ky., has been carefully following the coverage
and said he is concerned for the people of Japan and all over the world

"I have followed the coverage every day and I just hope they can cool the
reactor down and the cloud dissipates before it gets close to the coast," Reasor
said. "It seems we will find out if there is indeed a China Syndrome or in this
case a U.S. Syndrome."

Shanna Gross, Cumberland, said she feels empathy for the people of Japan and all
over the world. She said she fears the problems in Japan will be difficult to
overcome and believes the far-reaching impact has yet to be realized.

The safety of nuclear power has never been a real concern for Sherry Peters of
Cumberland. She said she is cognizant of the possible dangers but feels there is
a far greater issue at hand.

"What affects one area affects the whole world. This is just one world that we
all live in and what happens affects all of us," she said.

Contact Angie Brant at abrant@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Cumberland Times-News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110320-UM-Japan-disaster-coverage-gives-some-heightened-sense-of-awareness-032
0-20110320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2011 Cumberland Times-News


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 14, 2010 Sunday

Baseball's Hot Stove season affects minor leagues too

BYLINE: Donnie Collins, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 635 words


Nov. 14--It's not just the Hot Stove season around major league baseball.

It's about to get pretty crazy around the minor leagues, too.

Free agency is under way around baseball, and a big part of it revolves around
players who will wind up signing minor league deals and how the International
League will look after the dust settles.

The Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees could be one team that undergoes a major
facelift.

Several key contributors to the Yankees' run to the franchise's fifth-straight
North Division championship have hit the open market. Among them are outfielders
Reid Gorecki, Edwar Gonzalez and Justin Christian; utility infielder Eric
Bruntlett; catchers Robby Hammock and P.J. Pilittere; and pitchers Jason Hirsh,
Zack Segovia and John Van Benschoten.

The biggest name is likely Hirsh.

A starter who came within four outs of a no-hitter against Louisville in April,
Hirsh was one of the Yankees' most reliable pitchers despite being shuttled in
and out of the bullpen.

He went 9-7 with a 3.90 ERA, but he missed most of August with a shoulder injury
that eventually required surgery.

Some of the premiere players in the IL can potentially look for new homes.

Outfielder Jose Constanza, who stole 34 bases and was the leadoff man for the
Governor's Cup champion Columbus Clippers, is on the market.

So is Louisville outfielder Wladimir Balentien, who slugged 25 homers last
season, and Indianapolis catcher Erik Kratz, who memorably earned his first big
league call-up during the 2010 Triple-A All-Star Game at Lehigh Valley.

Two already signed

In the last two months, the Yankees have already made two signings.

Utility infielder Luis Nunez, who hit .241 with eight homers and 44 RBIs at
Double-A Trenton last season, has re-signed with the organization. He played
three games for Scranton/Wilkes-Barre in 2008, going 3 for 9.

Also inked to a minor league deal was outfielder Breland Brown, an Independent
League speedster who hit just .162 last season at Evansville of the Frontier
League and New Hampshire of the Canadian-American Association.

Top prospects announced

As it typically does this time of year, Baseball America is still thinking about
prospects.

The premiere amateur and minor-league baseball publication released its choices
for the top 10 prospects in the Yankees organization recently, and like last
season, it's top-heavy on catchers.

Yankees catcher Jesus Montero -- who is expected to compete for the big league
catching job in spring training -- was named the organization's top prospect for
the second straight season. He hit .289 with 21 homers and 75 RBIs for
Scranton/Wilkes Barre last season, but Montero's numbers drastically improved in
the second half, when he hit .344.

Right behind him on the list is 17-year-old Gary Sanchez, who was one of the
youngest players in the short-season New York-Penn League last season at Staten
Island.

Three Trenton pitchers -- right-hander Dellin Betances, lefty Manny Banuelos and
righty Andrew Brackman, held the three, four and five spots. The third catcher
on the list, Trenton's Austin Romine, was sixth.

Pitcher Hector Noesi was seventh, Yankees shortstop Eduardo Nunez was eighth,
and outfielder Slade Heathcott -- the Yanks' first-round pick in the 2009
amateur draft -- was ninth. Third baseman Brandon Laird was 10th.

Of the final six players on the list, it's conceivable all but Heathcott could
open the 2011 season at Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.

Contact the writer: dcollins@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101114-YT-Baseball-s-Hot-Stove-season-affects
-minor-leagues-too-1114-20101114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          February 20, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Erickson Maintains Focus;
Outside Events Don't Seem to Affect Orioles' Upgraded Ace

BYLINE: Dave Sheinin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. Feb. 19


If such things mattered to Scott Erickson, he might find it odd or even
disturbing that the Baltimore Orioles' downsizing from a monolithic veteran
squad to a mid-market young one has left him the longest-tenured Orioles player
in the clubhouse, a role that could require certain responsibilities.

Luckily, Erickson is not so contemplative. Give him a loaded weight room, a
full-length mirror, a heavy-metal CD and an engaging evening companion waiting
for him later, and he will not have a complaint in the world.

Erickson, 34, is returning to a changed team after an 18-month rehabilitation
from elbow ligament-replacement surgery. Since he last threw a pitch for the
Orioles, in July 2000, Albert Belle and Cal Ripken have retired, Mike Mussina
left via free agency, B.J. Surhoff was traded, and veterans such as Brady
Anderson and Delino DeShields were released. If these losses have weighed on
Erickson's mind, he disguises it well.

"I don't think it's going to affect our team much," he said flatly.

However, the changes could affect Erickson's role in the clubhouse, or at least
they should. Whereas Erickson was always a distant number two or number three
starter in the Mussina era and his dark persona and self-absorption always kept
a buffer between him and most of his teammates, suddenly he is being asked to be
the leader of a rotation that will include only twentysomethings below him.

To this point, Erickson's most notable example of staff leadership has been
ushering Sidney Ponson, who was 23 at the time and scheduled to pitch two days
later, to a Metallica concert in Baltimore after a game in New York. The
unexcused trip drew fines from Manager Mike Hargrove and contributed to
Erickson's distrust of the media.

Asked about being a staff leader this season, Erickson shrugged. "I've started
Opening Day in Minnesota before," he said.

Before the elbow injury and the resulting surgery, Erickson had an air of
indestructibility about him, annually contending for the American League lead in
innings pitched and reaching the 200-inning mark in seven straight
non-strike-shortened seasons. He equated professional happiness with one thing:
getting the ball every fifth day.

That air began to dissipate during the spring of 2000, when Erickson had to shut
down only a week into camp, ultimately having minor surgery March 3 to remove
bone spurs from the elbow. At the time, physician Lewis Yocum informed Erickson
of the larger problem -- fraying of the ligament -- but Erickson insisted on
trying to pitch through it, returning to the Orioles on May 4.

His return was a disaster. He made only 16 starts, his season ERA ballooning to
7.87 before he conceded to the inevitability of the ligament procedure known as
Tommy John surgery. After that, the Orioles saw little of him. He eschewed a
supportive role as team cheerleader for a more private rehabilitation at his
home near Lake Tahoe, Nev., and the Orioles' minor league headquarters in
Sarasota, Fla.

"It [stunk]," Erickson said. "It was one of the most miserable times. Even to go
out there and lose is better than not going out there at all."

By late in the 2001 season, as the Orioles were plummeting to a 63-98 record,
Erickson began to show up in the clubhouse, sensing the chance to return to
action. However, his hopes of starting the Orioles' final game ended when it was
mutually decided that there was little to be gained, and much to lose, by
Erickson hurriedly coming back.

Erickson, who pitched live batting practice today for the first time this
spring, claims he is 100 percent recovered and that he will return as the same
pitcher who averaged 15 wins per season from 1996 to 1999. His fastball is
registering in the low nineties on the radar gun, only slightly off his
pre-surgery numbers, and Hargrove said it is reasonable to expect Erickson to
throw 200 innings this season.

However, while Tommy John surgery has its success stories, it also has ended the
careers of some pitchers, forced others into new roles and required still others
to modify their deliveries or styles. One team source predicted Erickson could
have a hard time adjusting because of his single-mindedness. This has led to
speculation Erickson may be reincarnated as a closer, an idea Hargrove has waved
off for now.

"He a tough [guy], both mentally and physically," Hargrove said of Erickson.
"Some would say he's stubborn. He believes in himself. He believes in doing
things a certain way and I really can't argue with him on those points."

Orioles Notes: With Wednesday marking the team's first full-squad workout,
Hargrove reflected on his first Orioles spring not dominated by The Presence. "I
enjoyed Cal being on my ballclub. But at times it was a distraction for the
ballclub, although they never said that," Hargrove said. "I'm looking forward to
getting on with the business of rebuilding this team. I wouldn't trade anything
in the world for my experience with Cal. But it's time for us to move on, and I
think that's why I haven't thought as much about [his absence] as people would
think."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 28, 2013 Sunday

Pending legislation may affect Y-S retailers doing business online

BYLINE: Michael Hatamiya, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 629 words


April 28--A bill is making its way through Congress that would create an online
sales tax, which may affect some stores in the Yuba-Sutter area that conduct the
bulk of their business through the Internet.

Currently, states can only require online stores to collect sales taxes if the
online retailer has a physical presence in the state. Because of this, many
Internet transactions are in effect tax-free, giving online retailers an
advantage over brick-and-mortar shops.

The bill would give states the authority to require online retailers to collect
state and local sales taxes. The sales taxes would be remitted by the online
stores to the states where the shoppers live.

Businesses with less than $1 million a year in out-of-state online sales would
be exempt.

Supporters say the legislation is about leveling the playing field for
businesses and recouping lost revenue for state and local governments.

Corline Roberts, who sells stylish aprons through her online store,
overthetopaprons.com, would not be affected by the tax because her out-of-state
online sales fall below the $1 million mark.

"Interestingly, almost all my sales are out of state," she said on Thursday.

"From my personal perspective, I think having no sales tax is an incentive for
shoppers online, but hopefully the convenience of online shopping will outweigh
the tax," said Roberts, who sews the aprons at her Wheatland home.

If the legislation is passed, online retailers would use software programs to
charge the appropriate state and local sales taxes based on customers'
addresses.

Residents of states that have no sales taxes -- Alaska, Delaware, Montana, New
Hampshire and Oregon -- would not have to pay unless their states chose to opt
in.

Opponents of the legislation say an Internet sales tax would impose complex
regulations on Web retailers.

"I have talked with people in business, and their main concern is that every
county or community has its own taxes, which makes it a very complicated
process," said Clay Maynard, who writes the Consumer Tech Talk column in the
Appeal-Democrat.

"I see what they're talking about on both sides of the issue, but my personal
take is that it's a burden," Maynard said last week. "We'd be better off without
an Internet tax. It just makes the world that much more complicated."

"I think it's fairly level right now," Maynard said, referring to the retail
playing field.

The Yuba City-based columnist said the thing that brick-and-mortar retailers
don't like is when people try out products at the stores and then buy the items
for less -- without tax -- over the Internet. "But that's no different than
looking at something at Target and then going to Costco, where it's cheaper.
People do that all the time," Maynard said.

California residents, if the sales tax is not automatically applied by the
online business, must file tax returns on out-of-state online purchases with the
state Board of Equalization, although it's widely acknowledged that few people
do.

According to a University of Tennessee study, an estimated $23 billion in sales
tax revenues were lost nationwide in 2012.

"It's a fact that the government needs more revenue, and this is one way to plug
the hole," said Robert McBratney Jr., owner of The Western Depot model railroad
store in Yuba City.

McBratney said his store does 90 percent of its business through its website. He
added that, based on past years' sales receipts, his store would not be exempt
from collecting sales taxes online.

"Any further comment I'll reserve till after the law is passed," he said.

CONTACT Michael Hatamiya at 749-4777 or mhatamiya@appealdemocrat.com

___ (c)2013 the Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, Calif.) Visit the Appeal-Democrat
(Marysville, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130428-MY-Pending-legislation-may-affect
-Y-S-retailers-doing-business-online-0428-20130428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2013 Appeal-Democrat


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 11, 2010 Monday

Half Moon Bay, Pacifica measures affect city council terms

BYLINE: Julia Scott, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Oct. 11--Two Coastside measures would affect how many years city council members
can spend on the dais.

Perhaps not surprisingly, Pacifica City Council members themselves oppose
Measure V, a term-limits initiative that would prevent a council member from
running for office again after serving eight consecutive years. It would also
bar those who served out their terms from waiting four years and then running
for the office again, according to City Attorney Cecilia Quick.

"It takes away your right to vote for who you want -- I would vote for Bill
Clinton again if I had the opportunity," said Pacifica Vice Mayor Mary Ann
Nihart, who opposes term limits on principle. She ousted an incumbent in 2008 to
win a seat on the council.

"We have term limits. It's called voting," she added.

Some locals have served on the City Council for 12 years, and turnover isn't as
common as Nihart suggests, said Measure V proponent Deborah Nagle-Burks.

"The town has languished with familiar old faces," Nagle-Burks said. "This is so
people will come in to get something done and they'll have a measurable time to
get something done in."

Nagle-Burks, who runs a bereavement center, said she is not a political person.
Nor does she have an interest in unseating any particular council member.

"This is not a vindictive move," she said. "Things just have to change."

Less controversial is Half Moon Bay's Measure S. It would move City Council
elections

from odd-numbered years to even-numbered years, which is when voters also decide
on statewide and federal elections.

Council elections actually used to take place on even-numbered years, but in
1981 the City Council moved them -- locals can't remember why.

Proponents say Measure S would save money for Half Moon Bay because more people
vote in even-numbered years; cities across San Mateo County have to split the
cost of holding an election, thus the burden is lighter for everyone in years
when more races occur.

Half Moon Bay City Clerk Siobhan Smith said Measure S would indeed save money,
and that may be why it is unopposed. By her calculations, holding a council
election in an odd-numbered year costs from $2.25 to $3 per registered voter. In
an even-numbered year, costs drop to between $1.75 and $2.25 per voter. Half
Moon Bay has roughly 6,800 registered voters, according to Smith.

"Best-case scenario, it could save us $5,000 per election cycle," she said.
"Worst case, it could save us nothing."

If the measure passes, however, it would automatically extend the terms of all
current City Council members by one year. The next City Council elections would
take place in 2012 and 2014.

"The only equitable way to do this is to extend the terms. Can you imagine what
the outcry would be if we tried to cut people's terms short?" said Half Moon Bay
resident Roy Salume, a principal backer of Measure S.

He added that council members are welcome to step down after four years if they
want to, though he doubts very much that will happen.

Contact Julia Scott at 650-348-4340.

To see more of the San Mateo County Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.insidebayarea.com/sanmateocountytimes/. Copyright (c) 2010, San
Mateo County Times, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101011-SM-Half-Moon-Bay-Pacifica-measures-affect
-city-council-terms-1011-20101011

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2010 Small Business column


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

El Nino Years Usually Produce Better-Than-Average Crops

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Atlanta: Growing Georgia has issued the following news release:



   Midwestern farmers usually fare well during years that El Nino weather
patterns affect the growing season, according to an Iowa State University
agronomist.





 But that can change if El Nino is followed immediately by its antithesis, a
cooling of waters in the Pacific Ocean known as La Nina.



 El Nino, the name given to a band of warm water that tends to develop in the
central Pacific Ocean, emerged once again at the end of 2015 to become one of
the strongest examples of the phenomenon on record, helping to fuel storms that
have rippled across Southern California and Arizona.



 Elwynn Taylor, a professor of agronomy at Iowa State who studies weather, said
history shows that El Nino might be good news for Iowa farmers if the trend is
long-lived enough to affect the growing season.



 Years during which El Nino extends into a growing season have resulted in
above-trend yields in the Midwest for corn and soybeans 70 percent of the time,
he said.



 But in years such as 1983 and 1987-88 strong El Nino events morphed into
equally strong La Ninas, resulting in droughts that hurt crops, he said. But
Taylor said there's no guarantee this year's El Nino will give way to La Nina.



 "La Nina doesn't always follow an El Nino," he said. "There are more El Nino
events than La Nina."



 There are few certainties any time El Nino materializes, muddying the weather
picture for anyone trying to predict the results. Farmers might not have a clear
idea of how this year's strong El Nino will affect them until spring.



 "All El Ninos seem to have their own personalities," Taylor said. "This one
comes in by most measures as stronger than usual."



 El Nino affects weather by upsetting atmospheric pressure patterns, Taylor
said. Every seven years or so, the phenomenon grows strong enough to change
weather across the United States and beyond. Usually, that results in warmer
than usual winters and cooler than usual summers in the Midwest. It also often
creates wetter than usual weather in the Southwest.



 Taylor also said widespread rainfall in December has soaked much of the soil in
the Midwest, meaning virtually all drainage tiles from Iowa to Ohio are running
off excess moisture. That raises concerns that additional moisture in the spring
could slow planting by keeping farmers out of their fields, he said.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                         Texas Capital Bancshares, Inc.

                         2000 McKinney Avenue Suite 700
                               Dallas 75201-1985
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Texas Capital is a financial holding company based in the US. Broad portfolio of
products and services, strong financial performance, increase in total deposits
and capital adequacy ratio are the key strengths of the company, even as its
geographic concentration remain major areas of concern. In future, volatile
lending portfolio, changing regulations and fluctuations in interest rates may
impact its business performance. However, booming mortgage market in the US,
positive outlook for the US card payments industry and growing US economy may
provide ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PORTFOLIO OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES


The company's broad product and service portfolio is a major strength. The
company offers a wide range of banking products and financial services to
business, individuals and corporate customers. Its portfolio of products and
services includes individual retirement accounts, credit cards, debit cards,
certificates of deposit, letter of credit, checking accounts, savings accounts,
commercial loans, and real estate finance and construction loans. It provides
financial services such as treasury and liquidity services, leasing, warehouse
lending, investment services, trust and wealth management services, foreign
currency, correspondent banking electronic payments, and online and telephone
banking services. Such broad portfolio of products and services allows it to
gather higher market share and increase its revenues. Such broad product and
service portfolio drives its top-line performance.

INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increasing total deposits of the company ensures strong confidence of its
customers. The company reported total deposits of US$15,084.6 million during
FY2015, with an annual growth of 19% over FY2014. The increase in total deposits
was primarily due to increase in non-interest bearing demand deposits, interest
bearing transaction deposits and savings deposits. The increase in total
deposits may enhance the company's financial strength and capitalization.

CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO


Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address bank stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. The good capital management has
enabled the company to strengthen its capital position. Under Basel III norms
the company was required to maintain a total capital adequacy ratio of not less
than 8.0% and tier 1 capital ratio of 4.0%. As on December 31, 2015, the company
reported its total of 11.05% and tier 1 capital ratio of 8.81%, respectively.
Ratios exceeded the minimum threshold, set by the regulatory and are under
specifications. Such a healthy capital management strengthens its business
profile among the customers and investors.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Texas exhibited a strong financial performance during FY2015, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The company reported revenues of US$ 633.5 million
in FY2015, with an annual growth of 16% over FY2014. The growth in revenues was
primarily due to increase in interest income compared with previous year. The
company reported increase in interest income of US$602.9 million in FY2015,
representing an increase of 17% over FY2014. In addition, the company recorded
5.7% increase in operating income from US$ 212.4 million in FY2014 to US$224.5
million in FY2015. Furthermore, the company recorded 6% increase in net income
from US$136.3 million in FY2014 to US$144.8 million in FY2015. Such a strong
growth in revenue and income help the company to pursue its growth plans
aggressively.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Overdependence on the US market for its income may be a cause of concern for the
company during any political or economic adversity in the region. The company
operations are primarily concentrated in Texas, although its competitor.
International Bancshares Corporation has presence in two states in the US. The
company serves 88 communities throughout Texas and Oklahoma with 208 branches.
Limited operating scale presence puts the company at a risk as any adverse
development in the political, economic or climatic environment of the region
might have an adverse impact on its business. It also restricts its market share
and limits growth options. Therefore, limited operations compared to its
competitors may put competitive pressure on the company's operations, whilst
limiting the revenue sources for company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA), the commercial and
multifamily mortgage originations are expected to reach US$1,320 billion in
2016, compared to US$1,222 billion by 2015. The forecast are on the back of the
fact that the US economy continues on its current path of stronger growth, job
gains and declining unemployment. This is likely to enhance the demand for
mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. The company, a provider of debit and
credit cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at 2.6%
in 2015. It is expected to reach 2.8% in 2016. The growth will be primarily
driven by continued recovery in the US economy, improving of business activities
and growing economy in Europe and Asia. The growth in the US economy may result
in higher demand for the company's financial products. Texas Capital, which
offers financial products and services in the US, is likely to benefit from such
positive economic growth.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increases in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently
decline in fees generated on such loans. Furthermore, increasing interest rates
may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest
on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in countries of its operations. Changes in government policy,
legislation or regulatory interpretation may adversely affect the company's
product range, distribution channels, capital requirements and, consequently,
reported results and financing requirements. According to Basel III norms, under
acute liquidity stress scenario, the company has to maintain liquidity coverage
ratio to ensure company is maintaining high quality liquid assets equal to the
company's expected net cash outflow for a 30-day period. Another test net stable
funding ratio ('NSFR'), designed to promote medium- and long-term funding of the
assets and activities of banking entities for a period of one year. These
changes include possible changes in statutory pension arrangements and policies,
the regulation of selling practices and solvency requirements. Thus, the changes
in government policies and regulations could have a negative impact on the
company's growth and expansion strategies.

VOLATILE LENDING PORTFOLIO


The company's volatile lending portfolio may pose a threat for the company in
the years ahead. As on December 31, 2015, the company had approximately 40% of
their LHI portfolio consisting of commercial loans. Commercial loans possess
higher degree of credit risk compared to other loans due to their larger average
sizes. Any adverse change in economic conditions may impact company's results of
operations and financial condition. Similarly, the company had 30% of loan
portfolio of commercial and residential real estate. Fluctuations in real estate
lending activities may affect the financials of the company. Furthermore, the
company's outstanding energy loans represented 7% of total loans. Volatility in
oil and natural gas prices and material significantly affects the drilling and
production activity in Texas and other parts of the US. Adverse effects on
energy sector affect the Texas economy. Such a volatile lending portfolio may
affect the company's earnings if any downturn arises in those industries.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: E-mail issues affect Indiana University employees

BYLINE: Michael Reschke, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 231 words


March 03--About 20,000 Indiana University employees were affected by email
server issues Wednesday night and Thursday.

For the past few days, databases associated with the email system haven't been
loading properly, said IU spokesman Mark Land in an email. Starting at about
10:30 p.m. Wednesday, the entire system was taken offline for repairs and to
reboot all the servers. The servers came back online, but the databases still
didn't load. At about 10:30 a.m. Thursday, IU emergency management sent out
alerts for several campuses that intermittent exchange email issues were
affecting most faculty and staff.

A notice on IU's Information Technology Services' website showed service had
been restored to all users just before 1 p.m. Thursday, but said "intermittent
performance issues may continue."

The root cause of the issue is still being investigated, but it appears to be an
application issue, Land said in the email. The problem does not appear to be the
result of a cyber attack, he said in the email.

Students were not affected by the issue, according to Land's email, but
employees on the following campuses were: Bloomington, Columbus, East, Fort
Wayne, Indianapolis, Kokomo, Northwest, South Bend and Southeast.

___ (c)2016 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160303-BM-BRF-E-mail-issues-affect
-Indiana-University-employees-0303-20160303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2016 Herald-Times


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

Will BB&T expansion affect Wilson?

BYLINE: Rochelle Moore, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


Oct. 18--BB&T's announced expansion in Greensboro is not planned to have a
negative impact on Wilson's BB&T employee base of more than 2,200 workers,
company officials said Wednesday.

The BB&T Corp. has signed a seven-year lease to occupy a 390,000-square-foot
facility in Greensboro that will eventually house up to 2,500 employees. Company
officials are not detailing whether the jobs include transfers from other BB&T
locations but noted a five-year phase-in period in a company statement.

When asked, David White, BB&T's vice president of corporate communications, said
it was too early to comment on employee changes within the corporation. BB&T has
a strong presence in Wilson as one of the city's largest employers with several
facilities, including BB&T's twin towers on Nash Street and two locations along
Forest Hills Road.

"The Triad Corporate Center will not negatively impact overall head counts at
our headquarters or other buildings," White said. "We are currently evaluating
which departments and/or business groups would be best suited for the Triad
Corporate Center and it is premature to comment beyond this."

BB&T plans to start moving 50 to 100 associates to the BB&T Triad Corporate
Center by December and increase the number during the next five years.

"The new BB&T Triad Corporate Center allows us to consolidate offices, many of
which are nearing capacity, in a central location and provide space for future
expansion," said Chris Henson, BB&T chief operating officer. "We expect to add
approximately 1,700 new jobs during the next five years, which will have a
positive economic impact on the Triad region."

BB&T did not seek or receive any economic development incentives as part of the
deal. The Triad Corporate Center provides a central location in the
Winston-Salem, Greensboro and High Point area, Henson said. Most of the
employees at the new center will work primarily in back office, administrative
and support areas.

BB&T is the nation's ninth largest financial institution headquartered in
Winston-Salem, with $178.5 billion in assets and market capitalization of $21.6
billion. The company operates 1,800 financial centers in 12 states and
Washington, D.C.

rochelle@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7818

___ (c)2012 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121018-ZW-Will-BB-T-expansion-affect-Wilson-1018-20121018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2012 The Wilson Daily Times


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday

BRIEF: Locks and dam work to affect Jesse Stuart Memorial Bridge traffic

BYLINE: The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 167 words


Jan. 15--FLEMINGSBURG -- Work at the Greenup locks and dam in the coming weeks
will affect traffic across the Jesse Stuart Memorial Bridge (KY 10), which
connects Kentucky to Ohio over the Ohio River.

Under a Kentucky Transportation Cabinet permit, contractors working for the U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers will restrict bridge traffic to one lane beginning as
early as Wednesday, Jan. 18, and could continue through Feb. 1. Traffic will be
controlled using temporary signals, during daylight hours only. Schedules are
subject to change depending on weather. Additional closures could occur later in
February.

Heavy traffic across the bridge could create lengthy wait times at signals. A
detour will not be marked, but motorists may seek alternate routes between Ohio
and Kentucky using bridges at Ashland, Russell or Portsmouth, to avoid the wait.

___ (c)2017 The Ironton Tribune (Ironton, Ohio) Visit The Ironton Tribune
(Ironton, Ohio) at www.irontontribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170115-1IR-BRF-Locks-and-dam-work-to-affect
-Jesse-Stuart-Memorial-Bridge-traffic-0115-20170115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2017 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

How the Trump administration could affect your health care

BYLINE: Tim Lockette, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1745 words


Dec. 10--Nobody knows for sure what will happen to Alabama's Medicaid program
under a Trump administration, and Matissa Moorer really needs to know.

Moorer's 14-year-old daughter, Kerstin, has cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Mother
and daughter live near White Hall -- in Lowndes County, which doesn't have a
hospital -- and routinely travel to Birmingham for care. Kerstin's condition has
her sometimes relying on nutritional drinks like Pediasure to stay nourished,
something Medicaid pays for.

"Without Medicaid, I couldn't even feed my child," Moorer said.

Moorer is among thousands of people who are likely watching closely as Donald
Trump prepares to assume the presidency with a Republican Congress at his side.
Both Trump and congressional Republicans have talked about big changes to
Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act, though details are few and internal GOP
disagreements are many. It's still unclear where everything will land.

The Anniston Star asked health policy experts and others for their best guesses
about how the Trump era will affect health care for various groups of
Alabamians. Here's what we found:

Alabama's uninsured

How many are there? 519,000 (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Tax penalties for the uninsured will likely vanish.

Republicans have promised to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Care Act,
without offering a detailed plan for what the replacement will look like. No
matter how that plays out, the people most likely to be affected are people who
buy individual insurance and those who don't have insurance at all, Cynthia Cox,
a health care analyst for the Kaiser Family Foundation, said last week.

Cox offers a possible scenario: Republicans vote in early 2017 to repeal
Obamacare, but with a two-year waiting period before the Affordable Care Act
vanishes completely. That would give lawmakers some time to find a replacement.

"There's a sense the Republicans don't have enough votes to do repeal and
replace immediately," Cox said.

Lawmakers may feel pressure to change some of the Affordable Care Act's most
unpopular provisions immediately, to show they're doing something. The
individual mandate -- which requires people to buy insurance or pay a penalty --
could be the first to go, Cox said.

That would lift a tax burden -- around $695 per year for an adult --  off people
who don't have insurance at all.  But it wouldn't help with their original
problem: a lack of access to health care.

Nanette Mudiam, director of the St. Michael's medical clinic in Anniston, said
the free clinic often sees clients with serious heart or kidney conditions that
could have been prevented with regular medical care.

"We see the effects of lack of access to health care every day -- things like
hypertension and diabetes that are not controlled," she said. "

Alabama's healthcare exchange users

How many are there? 165,000 (source: cms.gov)

What could happen: It's unclear if the healthcare exchanges and tax credits for
buying insurance would go away.

Even if the two-year repeal happens, or something similar, it's unclear what
will become of the people who buy their health insurance through exchanges set
up under the Affordable Care Act.

Alabama never set up a statewide exchange; if the federal exchange goes away,
it's not really clear where Alabamians will buy insurance. Nor is it clear
whether tax subsidies to help some people pay for insurance -- a feature of
Obamacare -- will survive.

"The question is, what will happen to your hairdresser, or your neighbor who's a
contract worker -- people who buy their own insurance," said Mudiam, the clinic
director.

People without an employer-provided health plan could go back to what they did
before: buying insurance on their own.

"The individual market will still exist, but the number of people getting
coverage will be drastically reduced," said David Becker, who teaches health
care policy at UAB.

Trump has said he wants to open up more opportunities for insurance companies to
sell across state lines, something that proponents say would increase
competition and lower costs.

There's no guarantee even a Republican Congress would go for that, Cox said.

Alabama's Medicaid patients

How many are there? 900,000 to 1 million (sources: Kaiser Family Foundation,
Alabama Medicaid Agency)

What could happen: A block-grant Medicaid could free the state to cut services.

Repeal-and-replace could lead to big changes in states like Kentucky, which
expanded Medicaid to cover more of the working poor. Those states could see tens
of thousands losing their health coverage. Alabama never expanded its program.

Even so, roughly 1 million Alabamians who depend on Medicaid for their health
care. Most of them are children; all are poor, disabled or in nursing homes. The
program is paid for with a combination of state and federal money.

Trump has said he wants to turn the program into a block grant -- giving a set
amount of money to states for Medicaid and giving them a free hand to manage it.
The state's Republican leaders, tired of years of budget-busting Medicaid bills,
have said they want block grants too.

There are potential pitfalls for Alabama, though. Alabama covers fewer services
than most states, so if the block grant freezes funding at current levels,
Alabama will be stuck with less money than other states.

"It would lock in disparities that already exist across the states," Robin
Rudowitz, an analyst for the Kaiser Foundation, said.

Becker, the UAB policy analyst, said that if a block grant is sufficiently
generous, services could be unchanged. Some of the state's doctors, however,
think a block grant could lead either to cuts in services or a cap on the number
of people who can participate in the program

"Let's say they limit it to 800,000 people," said Marsha Raulerson, a Brewton
pediatrician. "After the limit, the next person to apply, no matter how sick
they are and much they qualify, would be told they're on a waiting list."

Alabama's Medicare patients

How many are there? 719,000 (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Medicare could be converted to a voucher system. But not
without a fight by seniors.

Trump has said he has no plan to touch Medicare, the federal insurance program
that covers people past retirement age. Leaders of the Republican House
majority, though, say they want to turn Medicaid into a voucher program --
giving seniors money to buy health insurance.

Proponents of the voucher plan believe private insurance companies would do a
better job of controlling health care costs. Opponents say the vouchers likely
wouldn't keep up with rises, over the years, in the cost of health insurance.

Still, there's a good chance the program will remain unchanged. If Trump
maintains his stance Republicans would need a veto-proof majority to get the
voucher plan through.

Past efforts to alter either Medicare or Social Security have gone nowhere,
largely because of fierce opposition from seniors.

"We are very much prepared to defend Medicare," said Jamie Harding, a
spokeswoman for the AARP of Alabama.

Veterans Administration, TriCare and other government care in Alabama

Number: 174,000 (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Trump wants VA patients to have more choices of doctors, but
it's unclear how that would work. Military dependents could get the option of
tax credit to buy insurance.

Oxford resident and veterans' advocate Ken Rollins used to travel to the
Veterans Administration hospital in Birmingham for medical care. Then the VA set
up the Veteran's Choice program, which allows veterans more than 50 miles from a
VA hospital to use private doctors who are nearby. Rollins says the program
works well.

"Sometimes getting to Birmingham, when you're sick, turns out to be worse than
what you're going to the doctor for," said Rollins.

Trump hasn't released detailed plans on care for the roughly 8 million people
who use the VA system. But he has said he'd like to extend the Veterans Choice
program to all VA patients, even those close to VA hospitals. He has also said
"veterans should be guaranteed the right to choose their doctor."

That's not how Veterans Choice works right now. When Rollins makes an
appointment, he has to go to a VA-approved doctor and get it cleared before the
visit. A true choose-your-doctor approach, he says, could get expensive.

"You can't just walk into any doctor and say 'send the bill to the VA,'" Rollins
said of the current plan. "If they did that, it would be hard to pay for."

Most veterans don't use the VA health system. Military dependents and some
retirees get care from a separate system, Tricare, that wasn't discussed in the
campaign. Tom Price, Trump's pick for secretary of Health and Human Services,
has floated the idea of giving Tricare patients the option of a tax credit to
buy health insurance.

Alabama's Medicare patients

Number: 2.2 million (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Congress might lift the requirement that insurers cover birth
control. Alabama's Medicaid program could wind up with additional costs, and
someone would have to pay for it.

If you get your insurance from an employer-provided plan -- most people do --
Obamacare made relatively small changes to your health plan. Analysts at Kaiser
say those changes are among the most popular elements of the health care law.

"Keeping your kids on your plan until age 26 is pretty popular," Cox said.
"President-elect Trump has said he'll keep it."

Coverage for birth control, which has less support among Republicans, is less
likely to survive repeal-and-replace, Cox said.

The biggest changes for the privately-insured, though, could come from the
downstream effects of changes to other programs. Health care analysts say an end
to the individual insurance-buying mandate could cause chaos in the insurance
market.

Alabama raised some taxes in 2015 to pay for Medicaid, but the blow was softened
when the federal government started picking up the entire tab for the state's
children's health insurance program. That was a provision of the Affordable Care
Act -- and the money could vanish if Obamacare is repealed.

"We're looking at another $60 million that could be needed," said Christy Cain,
executive director of the group Alabama Children First.

Capitol & statewide reporter Tim Lockette: 256-294-4193. On Twitter
@TLockette_Star.

___ (c)2016 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161210-AO-How-the-Trump-administration-could-affect
-your-health-care-1210-20161210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2016 The Anniston Star


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

How the Trump administration could affect your health care

BYLINE: Tim Lockette, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1745 words


Dec. 10--Nobody knows for sure what will happen to Alabama's Medicaid program
under a Trump administration, and Matissa Moorer really needs to know.

Moorer's 14-year-old daughter, Kerstin, has cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Mother
and daughter live near White Hall -- in Lowndes County, which doesn't have a
hospital -- and routinely travel to Birmingham for care. Kerstin's condition has
her sometimes relying on nutritional drinks like Pediasure to stay nourished,
something Medicaid pays for.

"Without Medicaid, I couldn't even feed my child," Moorer said.

Moorer is among thousands of people who are likely watching closely as Donald
Trump prepares to assume the presidency with a Republican Congress at his side.
Both Trump and congressional Republicans have talked about big changes to
Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act, though details are few and internal GOP
disagreements are many. It's still unclear where everything will land.

The Anniston Star asked health policy experts and others for their best guesses
about how the Trump era will affect health care for various groups of
Alabamians. Here's what we found:

Alabama's uninsured

How many are there? 519,000 (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Tax penalties for the uninsured will likely vanish.

Republicans have promised to "repeal and replace" the Affordable Care Act,
without offering a detailed plan for what the replacement will look like. No
matter how that plays out, the people most likely to be affected are people who
buy individual insurance and those who don't have insurance at all, Cynthia Cox,
a health care analyst for the Kaiser Family Foundation, said last week.

Cox offers a possible scenario: Republicans vote in early 2017 to repeal
Obamacare, but with a two-year waiting period before the Affordable Care Act
vanishes completely. That would give lawmakers some time to find a replacement.

"There's a sense the Republicans don't have enough votes to do repeal and
replace immediately," Cox said.

Lawmakers may feel pressure to change some of the Affordable Care Act's most
unpopular provisions immediately, to show they're doing something. The
individual mandate -- which requires people to buy insurance or pay a penalty --
could be the first to go, Cox said.

That would lift a tax burden -- around $695 per year for an adult --  off people
who don't have insurance at all.  But it wouldn't help with their original
problem: a lack of access to health care.

Nanette Mudiam, director of the St. Michael's medical clinic in Anniston, said
the free clinic often sees clients with serious heart or kidney conditions that
could have been prevented with regular medical care.

"We see the effects of lack of access to health care every day -- things like
hypertension and diabetes that are not controlled," she said. "

Alabama's healthcare exchange users

How many are there? 165,000 (source: cms.gov)

What could happen: It's unclear if the healthcare exchanges and tax credits for
buying insurance would go away.

Even if the two-year repeal happens, or something similar, it's unclear what
will become of the people who buy their health insurance through exchanges set
up under the Affordable Care Act.

Alabama never set up a statewide exchange; if the federal exchange goes away,
it's not really clear where Alabamians will buy insurance. Nor is it clear
whether tax subsidies to help some people pay for insurance -- a feature of
Obamacare -- will survive.

"The question is, what will happen to your hairdresser, or your neighbor who's a
contract worker -- people who buy their own insurance," said Mudiam, the clinic
director.

People without an employer-provided health plan could go back to what they did
before: buying insurance on their own.

"The individual market will still exist, but the number of people getting
coverage will be drastically reduced," said David Becker, who teaches health
care policy at UAB.

Trump has said he wants to open up more opportunities for insurance companies to
sell across state lines, something that proponents say would increase
competition and lower costs.

There's no guarantee even a Republican Congress would go for that, Cox said.

Alabama's Medicaid patients

How many are there? 900,000 to 1 million (sources: Kaiser Family Foundation,
Alabama Medicaid Agency)

What could happen: A block-grant Medicaid could free the state to cut services.

Repeal-and-replace could lead to big changes in states like Kentucky, which
expanded Medicaid to cover more of the working poor. Those states could see tens
of thousands losing their health coverage. Alabama never expanded its program.

Even so, roughly 1 million Alabamians who depend on Medicaid for their health
care. Most of them are children; all are poor, disabled or in nursing homes. The
program is paid for with a combination of state and federal money.

Trump has said he wants to turn the program into a block grant -- giving a set
amount of money to states for Medicaid and giving them a free hand to manage it.
The state's Republican leaders, tired of years of budget-busting Medicaid bills,
have said they want block grants too.

There are potential pitfalls for Alabama, though. Alabama covers fewer services
than most states, so if the block grant freezes funding at current levels,
Alabama will be stuck with less money than other states.

"It would lock in disparities that already exist across the states," Robin
Rudowitz, an analyst for the Kaiser Foundation, said.

Becker, the UAB policy analyst, said that if a block grant is sufficiently
generous, services could be unchanged. Some of the state's doctors, however,
think a block grant could lead either to cuts in services or a cap on the number
of people who can participate in the program

"Let's say they limit it to 800,000 people," said Marsha Raulerson, a Brewton
pediatrician. "After the limit, the next person to apply, no matter how sick
they are and much they qualify, would be told they're on a waiting list."

Alabama's Medicare patients

How many are there? 719,000 (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Medicare could be converted to a voucher system. But not
without a fight by seniors.

Trump has said he has no plan to touch Medicare, the federal insurance program
that covers people past retirement age. Leaders of the Republican House
majority, though, say they want to turn Medicaid into a voucher program --
giving seniors money to buy health insurance.

Proponents of the voucher plan believe private insurance companies would do a
better job of controlling health care costs. Opponents say the vouchers likely
wouldn't keep up with rises, over the years, in the cost of health insurance.

Still, there's a good chance the program will remain unchanged. If Trump
maintains his stance Republicans would need a veto-proof majority to get the
voucher plan through.

Past efforts to alter either Medicare or Social Security have gone nowhere,
largely because of fierce opposition from seniors.

"We are very much prepared to defend Medicaid," said Jamie Harding, a
spokeswoman for the AARP of Alabama.

Veterans Administration, TriCare and other government care in Alabama

Number: 174,000 (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Trump wants VA patients to have more choices of doctors, but
it's unclear how that would work. Military dependents could get the option of
tax credit to buy insurance.

Oxford resident and veterans' advocate Ken Rollins used to travel to the
Veterans Administration hospital in Birmingham for medical care. Then the VA set
up the Veteran's Choice program, which allows veterans more than 50 miles from a
VA hospital to use private doctors who are nearby. Rollins says the program
works well.

"Sometimes getting to Birmingham, when you're sick, turns out to be worse than
what you're going to the doctor for," said Rollins.

Trump hasn't released detailed plans on care for the roughly 8 million people
who use the VA system. But he has said he'd like to extend the Veterans Choice
program to all VA patients, even those close to VA hospitals. He has also said
"veterans should be guaranteed the right to choose their doctor."

That's not how Veterans Choice works right now. When Rollins makes an
appointment, he has to go to a VA-approved doctor and get it cleared before the
visit. A true choose-your-doctor approach, he says, could get expensive.

"You can't just walk into any doctor and say 'send the bill to the VA,'" Rollins
said of the current plan. "If they did that, it would be hard to pay for."

Most veterans don't use the VA health system. Military dependents and some
retirees get care from a separate system, Tricare, that wasn't discussed in the
campaign. Tom Price, Trump's pick for secretary of Health and Human Services,
has floated the idea of giving Tricare patients the option of a tax credit to
buy health insurance.

Alabama's Medicare patients

Number: 2.2 million (source: Kaiser Family Foundation)

What could happen: Congress might lift the requirement that insurers cover birth
control. Alabama's Medicaid program could wind up with additional costs, and
someone would have to pay for it.

If you get your insurance from an employer-provided plan -- most people do --
Obamacare made relatively small changes to your health plan. Analysts at Kaiser
say those changes are among the most popular elements of the health care law.

"Keeping your kids on your plan until age 26 is pretty popular," Cox said.
"President-elect Trump has said he'll keep it."

Coverage for birth control, which has less support among Republicans, is less
likely to survive repeal-and-replace, Cox said.

The biggest changes for the privately-insured, though, could come from the
downstream effects of changes to other programs. Health care analysts say an end
to the individual insurance-buying mandate could cause chaos in the insurance
market.

Alabama raised some taxes in 2015 to pay for Medicaid, but the blow was softened
when the federal government started picking up the entire tab for the state's
children's health insurance program. That was a provision of the Affordable Care
Act -- and the money could vanish if Obamacare is repealed.

"We're looking at another $60 million that could be needed," said Christy Cain,
executive director of the group Alabama Children First.

Capitol & statewide reporter Tim Lockette: 256-294-4193. On Twitter
@TLockette_Star.

___ (c)2016 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161210-AO-How-the-Trump-administration-could-affect
-your-health-care-1210-20161210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2016 The Anniston Star


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

US Patent granted to Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. (JP) on February 10 titled as "System
and methods for using presence data to estimate affect and communication
preference for use in a presence system"

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,954,372, on
February 10, 2015, to Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. (JP), titled as "System and methods
for using presence data to estimate affect and communication preference for use
in a presence system"

Inventors:  Biehl; Jacob (San Jose, CA), Rieffel; Eleanor (Redwood City, CA),
Turner; Althea (Menlo Park, CA), Van Melle; William (Los Altos, CA), Xu; Anbang
(Champaign, IL)
Assignee:  Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. (Tokyo, JP)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Exemplary embodiments described herein are directed to systems and methods that
estimate a user's affect and communication preferences from presence data. The
exemplary embodiments use a small set of features derived from a user's recent
high level presence states. Exemplary embodiments also use features from broader
classes of presence data. Utilizing features from a combination of presence data
and recent presence states may provide improvement over estimates that users are
able to make themselves. The exemplary embodiments further consider cost, burden
on the user, and privacy issues in estimating affect and communication
preferences."

The patent was filed on January 20, 2012 Application no. 13/354,414

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday

1872 map could affect Richland-Adams border dispute

BYLINE: Randy Griffith, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


Jan. 29--JOHNSTOWN -- A surprise 1872 map introduced in a court hearing on the
Richland-Adams township line dispute could affect at least

300 properties.

Originally, Adams Township asked the court to accept a survey showing about 12
properties affected. Most are currently being assessed in Richland Township, but
would be recognized as Adams Township properties if the survey is accepted.

But during a hearing last month, the attorney representing Richland introduced
the 142-year-old map, prepared two years after Adams Township was created out of
Richland Township, said William G. Barbin, Adams Township solicitor.

The hearing was put on pause until the additional property owners could be
notified.

"The Philadelphia company made a map that drew the line as coming from the point
of the Little Conemaugh River," Barbin said, noting the location at the
confluence with the Little Conemaugh's South Fork is 7,700 feet north of the
long-accepted intersection of the Adams-Richland and Conemaugh-Richland township
lines.

It puts much of the Mount Hope and Ragers Hill areas in Richland Township.

The old map also shows a straight-line border south to the Somerset County line,
placing some Richland-assessed properties east of Scalp Level Borough in Adams
Township.

Attorneys on Tuesday agreed to notify the additional property owners in case
they want to be heard.

"The attorneys got together and realized there are people who could be affected
who had no notice of this,"?Barbin said.

Although the 1872 map's border was seen again on a U.S. Geological Survey map
around 1914 and on a state Highway Department map in 1915, Barbin does not
believe the boundary location is credible.

"There is plenty of contrary evidence," he said, noting that other older maps
show the line very similar to one surveyor Frederick J. Brown of Sidman
identified during his study about 10 years ago.

Adams and Richland township split the cost of Brown's study, ordered after a
traffic accident damaged the Naugle Road bridge over Sandy Run near the boundary
line. Township officials wanted to know which municipality was responsible for
the bridge. Brown's work showed it in Adams.

Then there is the 1931 court ruling in a case involving Richland and Conemaugh
townships. That ruling established the Richland-Conemaugh township line, but
also identified the intersection point for the Adams-Richland line.

It's right where Brown's survey showed it was all along, Barbin said.

Richland's attorney would not discuss the maps and surveys.

"We have had a policy of not commenting on pending litigation," Jeffrey D.
Truitt said from the Thomas, Thomas and Hafer law firm in Pittsburgh.

The current court action began when developers David Horten and Sam Carpenter
proposed an 81-lot residential development along Solomon Run Road, including
Richland and Adams township property.

The question arose: How many lots would be in each township??

Developers of Watkins Glen pushed for a township line shown on county tax maps
that puts most of the development in Richland. But Brown's survey showed all but
a handful of lots in Adams Township.

Any court ruling could force some students to change schools because Adams
Township is in the Forest Hills School District.

Barbin said attorneys hope to notify affected residents by Feb. 12 for a hearing
in early March.

Randy Griffith is a reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/photogriffer57.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140129-JO-1872-map-could-affect
-Richland-Adams-border-dispute-0129-20140129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Democrat


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday

BYLINE: SARA KINCAID Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 330 words


The latest banking failure affects a short-term investment fund used by the
University of Mary.

"It's unfortunate," said Brent Winiger, University of Mary vice president of
financial services. "It tied up my week."

The short-term investment fund of the Commonfund, which is operated by Wachovia,
was closed, and limitations were placed on withdrawing money. Some non-profit
institutions, like private schools and colleges, invest money in the fund.

The University of Mary invested in short-term and long-term funds offered by
Connecticut-based Commonfund. The funds placed in Commonfund investments are
about a fourth of the investments held by the university. More money is invested
with long-term equity funds compared to short-term investment funds offered by
Commonfund, Winiger said.

University of Mary has money invested in other interest-bearing accounts,
including local banks.

"Commonfund is one of the top investment houses for nonprofits," Winiger said.
"It offered low fees and good returns."

A short-term investment fund, like the short-term investment fund offered by
Commonfund, lets the university invest money while still having access to it.
Money from those accounts can be used to pay operational expenses and salaries.

A representative for the fund contacted Winiger about the changes. It won't
affect daily operations of the university. The restrictions placed on the closed
fund should not affect payroll or other expenses, Winiger said. If the
university needs to, it will rely on local banks until the money is available
from that fund.

Primary sources of funding for the university are tuition, auxiliary businesses,
investments and benefactors.

The closure of the fund won't affect public colleges. Bismarck State College is
required to invest in Bank of North Dakota CDs, according to Tamara Barber, BSC
associate vice president of finance and operations.

(Reach reporter Sara Kincaid at 250-8251 or sara.kincaid@bismarcktribune.com.)
Bank failure affects investment

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 25, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Weekend trades

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 449 words

Cardinals-Yankees

St. Louis receives . . .

* LHP Sterling Hitchcock

New York receives . . .

* RHP Justin Pope

(at Class A Palm Beach, Fla.)

 * LHP Ben Julianel

(at Class A Peoria, Ill.)

 * How it affects the Cardinals: It took awhile, but the Cardinals, in a
three-way race for the NL Central title, added the pitching they were looking
for before the July 31 non-waiver trade deadline. The Cardinals aren't sure how
they will use Hitchcock, 32, a left-hander who was primarily a reliever with the
Yankees. He probably will pitch out of the bullpen and make a start next week,
when the Cardinals play five games in four days. Hitchcock has big-game
experience -- he was the MVP of the 1999 NLCS for San Diego -- and is well
rested, having pitched only 49 2/3 innings for the Yankees.


* How it affects the Yankees: Injuries and the Yankees' pitching depth kept
Hitchcock from seeing much time since signing a two-year, $ 12 million deal
before the 2002 season. With Jose Contreras joining the roster and Gabe White
coming off the DL soon, there was no room for Hitchcock, and a trip to the
minors didn't appear to be an option. The Yankees will pick up most of
Hitchcock's remaining salary, but they did get two good pitching prospects in
exchange. Pope, 23, was the Cardinals' first-round pick in 2001. He put up good
numbers his first two seasons, combining to go 10-5 with a 1.95 ERA in 148
innings at two Class A levels. But he has struggled this year with a 4.92 ERA at
Class A. Julianel, 23, was a 12th-round pick in 2001 and has dominated with a
1.05 ERA and 78 strikeouts in 51 2/3 innings at Class A.

Cardinals-Brewers

St. Louis receives . . .

* RHP Mike DeJean

Milwaukee receives . . .

* Two players to be named

 * How it affects the Cardinals: DeJean will boost the Cardinals' bullpen, which
before the trade had a 5.08 ERA, the worst in the National League. The Cardinals
have 24 blown saves and are 10-21 in one-run games. DeJean, 32, has pitched in a
variety of bullpen spots and will help Cal Eldred in the right-handed setup
role. The depth is important because Eldred has had elbow problems and closer
Jason Isringhausen is coming back from offseason shoulder surgery. DeJean has a
good strikeouts-to-walks ratio (58 to 27 in 64 2/3 innings), but he has a knack
for giving up home runs (12 this season). The Cardinals had been trying to get
DeJean since spring training.

 * How it affects the Brewers: The Brewers are rebuilding and used DeJean to get
more prospects. They have until Sept. 15 to choose two pitchers from a list of
three. DeJean started the season as the closer but had been setting up for Danny
Kolb since mid-July.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday

Post-polio syndrome affects some who overcame polio in childhood

BYLINE: Leigh Zaleski, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1133 words


Sept. 23--YORK, Pa. --

Emanuel Poznanski had 21 surgeries in the first 16 years of his life.

He received muscle transplants and joint fusions, each procedure followed by
months of recovery.

During one of his last surgeries, a doctor broke his left leg -- which was an
inch and a half longer than his right -- in an effort to decrease the
difference.

Poznanski, 62, was born in Israel, where he contracted paralytic polio when he
was 4 months old. He said his mother rushed him on a plane to the U.S. to save
his life. She took him to the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota and then to Children's
Hospital Boston.

In his earliest memories, hospitals were his home. There, he lived and received
most of his early education.

"I never realized I was handicapped," Poznanski said.

He's thankful for that.

About 25 percent of his muscle had been destroyed by the disease. By the time he
was a teenager, he had a slight limp, but said he could walk for miles. The
confinement he felt from the disease and hospitals had ended. He was ready to
start living.

In 1964, when Poznanski was 14, his family moved to York County, where he
attended York Suburban High School. Poznanski, who now lives in Las Vegas,
visits friends in York County for two months every summer. He stays at the Cross
Keys Motor Inn in New Oxford.

"It was the most formative time in my life," Poznanski said of living here. "It
was the time I was the happiest."

He thought he had overcome the debilitating disease and one-time epidemic.
Decades later, he would again feel the effects.

Poznanski has post-polio syndrome, a condition that affects 25 percent to 45
percent of polio survivors years after initial onset of the disease, according
to Post-Polio Health International. From 1937 to 1950, 226,306 cases of
paralytic and nonparalytic polio were reported.

Symptoms of PPS -- a chronic, degenerative disease -- include pain, fatigue, and
breathing

and swallowing problems, and can worsen over time.

Some PPS patients say they have difficulty getting the right care because their
symptoms are similar to aging -- and because modern doctors don't know a lot
about the disease that is no longer prevalent thanks to a 1955 vaccine.

"We're dying off," Poznanski said. "Pretty soon, there won't be any of us left."

More than a year ago, Deborah Stambaugh started a post-polio support group that
meets monthly in Hanover. She said about 20 people participate to share their
post-polio-related problems and resources.

Stambaugh met Poznanski this summer and said he has a wealth of knowledge.

"He's really gifted in all this," she said.

Poznanski has watched his body decline for the last 14 years, as he searches for
answers beyond his reach.

In 1998, he lived in Brazil, where he ran English schools. He felt fatigued and
started falling every few months. By 2003, he felt too tired to work and moved
back to the U.S. with his wife. Though he knew about PPS, he didn't seek a
diagnosis.

"I was in a funk," Poznanski said. "I was aloof and probably didn't want to
admit it."

In 2006, he stopped walking and needed a scooter to get around. A year later, he
started researching the condition, spending three to four hours a day online
trying to learn more.

He was diagnosed with sleep apnea and started gaining weight because his
mobility was limited. At his peak, his 5-foot-7-inch-tall

frame weighed 220 pounds. He has Type 2 diabetes, and high blood pressure and
cholesterol. To maintain his weight of 190 pounds, he said, he can eat only
1,200 calories a day because his body doesn't easily burn energy.

His neck, joints and left side ache, and his breathing is getting worse. He uses
his right arm almost exclusively and has learned to swing it into certain
positions so he can use it because he has no muscle in his shoulders.

Poznanski rested his left hand on his protruding stomach as he gestured with his
right at a diner in New Oxford. He leaned his forearm on the table to reach his
sandwich before leaning in to take a bite.

To perform everyday tasks, it takes him two to four times longer than it used to
-- 15 minutes to move his body out of bed, two and a half hours to shower and 45
minutes to get dressed.

"It bores me," he said.

He brings literature about PPS to his doctors and travels to clinics and
wellness camps throughout the country.

"I have to watch out for what's ahead of the curve," he said.

Dr. Andrew Schutzbank helps Poznanski manage his condition. Schutzbank,
assistant medical director of Iora Health in Cambridge, Mass., said he never
came across a PPS patient before Poznanski. Poznanski met Schutzbank in Las
Vegas, where Schutzbank sometimes works. They communicate mostly by phone and
email.

"Everything I know about PPS, I learned from Manny," Schutzbank said.

He said there's not many good resources for the condition, yet the needs of PPS
patients can be great.

Schutzbank helps Poznanski take care of his general health and connects him to
specialists who might be able to improve his PPS. It's his job to keep Poznanski
in the fight.

He said his patient's prognosis is "some variety of poor" and that he's going to
get weaker over time.

"It's a race against the clock," Schutzbank said. "Manny's key is his tenacity.
He's unwilling to accept that there's no help."

Poznanski can feel his body slowing down. He said he's a 62-year-old with a
90-year-old body, yet his brain is still sharp.

This summer, he ended his trip to York County more than a month early because
traveling had become too much.

"It's coming to an end," Poznanski said. "It's becoming physically difficult to
keep going."

He said because people who had polio conquered so much, many feel they can
overcome anything. But, he said, PPS is not something to go at alone -- patients
need to seek adequate care.

"The wall, this time," Poznanski said. "It's insurmountable."

717-771-2101; @leighzaleski

Post-polio support

People who had polio can develop post-polio syndrome decades after they first
developed paralysis or weakness. Polio patients might develop more weakness,
atrophy or paralysis.

Deborah Stambaugh of Spring Grove runs a post-polio support group that meets
once a month. She said the group provides an outlet for former polio patients to
talk about problems they might experience today as a result of the disease.

The group will meet 2 p.m. Sept. 23 at Hanover Church of the Brethren, 601
Wilson Ave., Hanover. For details, call 717-259-9594.

More on polio

Read our Remember series story about polio epidemics in York County.

PPS resources

To learn more about post-polio syndrome, visit the following websites:

--- www.post-polio.org

--- poliotoday.org

--- www.kernan.org

To contact Emanuel Poznanski, call 702-370-6977 or email anitagari_8@hotmail.com

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120923-YO-Post-polio-syndrome-affects
-some-who-overcame-polio-in-childhood-0923-20120923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2012 Friday

Post-polio syndrome affects some who overcame polio in childhood

BYLINE: Leigh Zaleski, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1133 words


Sept. 21--YORK, Pa. --

Emanuel Poznanski had 21 surgeries in the first 16 years of his life.

He received muscle transplants and joint fusions, each procedure followed by
months of recovery.

During one of his last surgeries, a doctor broke his left leg -- which was an
inch and a half longer than his right -- in an effort to decrease the
difference.

Poznanski, 62, was born in Israel, where he contracted paralytic polio when he
was 4 months old. He said his mother rushed him on a plane to the U.S. to save
his life. She took him to the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota and then to Children's
Hospital Boston.

In his earliest memories, hospitals were his home. There, he lived and received
most of his early education.

"I never realized I was handicapped," Poznanski said.

He's thankful for that.

About 25 percent of his muscle had been destroyed by the disease. By the time he
was a teenager, he had a slight limp, but said he could walk for miles. The
confinement he felt from the disease and hospitals had ended. He was ready to
start living.

In 1964, when Poznanski was 14, his family moved to York County, where he
attended York Suburban High School. Poznanski, who now lives in Las Vegas,
visits friends in York County for two months every summer. He stays at the Cross
Keys Motor Inn in New Oxford.

"It was the most formative time in my life," Poznanski said of living here. "It
was the time I was the happiest."

He thought he had overcome the debilitating disease and one-time epidemic.
Decades later, he would again feel the effects.

Poznanski has post-polio syndrome, a condition that affects 25 percent to 45
percent of polio survivors years after initial onset of the disease, according
to Post-Polio Health International. From 1937 to 1950, 226,306 cases of
paralytic and nonparalytic polio were reported.

Symptoms of PPS -- a chronic, degenerative disease -- include pain, fatigue, and
breathing

and swallowing problems, and can worsen over time.

Some PPS patients say they have difficulty getting the right care because their
symptoms are similar to aging -- and because modern doctors don't know a lot
about the disease that is no longer prevalent thanks to a 1955 vaccine.

"We're dying off," Poznanski said. "Pretty soon, there won't be any of us left."

More than a year ago, Deborah Stambaugh started a post-polio support group that
meets monthly in Hanover. She said about 20 people participate to share their
post-polio-related problems and resources.

Stambaugh met Poznanski this summer and said he has a wealth of knowledge.

"He's really gifted in all this," she said.

Poznanski has watched his body decline for the last 14 years, as he searches for
answers beyond his reach.

In 1998, he lived in Brazil, where he ran English schools. He felt fatigued and
started falling every few months. By 2003, he felt too tired to work and moved
back to the U.S. with his wife. Though he knew about PPS, he didn't seek a
diagnosis.

"I was in a funk," Poznanski said. "I was aloof and probably didn't want to
admit it."

In 2006, he stopped walking and needed a scooter to get around. A year later, he
started researching the condition, spending three to four hours a day online
trying to learn more.

He was diagnosed with sleep apnea and started gaining weight because his
mobility was limited. At his peak, his 5-foot-7-inch-tall

frame weighed 220 pounds. He has Type 2 diabetes, and high blood pressure and
cholesterol. To maintain his weight of 190 pounds, he said, he can eat only
1,200 calories a day because his body doesn't easily burn energy.

His neck, joints and left side ache, and his breathing is getting worse. He uses
his right arm almost exclusively and has learned to swing it into certain
positions so he can use it because he has no muscle in his shoulders.

Poznanski rested his left hand on his protruding stomach as he gestured with his
right at a diner in New Oxford. He leaned his forearm on the table to reach his
sandwich before leaning in to take a bite.

To perform everyday tasks, it takes him two to four times longer than it used to
-- 15 minutes to move his body out of bed, two and a half hours to shower and 45
minutes to get dressed.

"It bores me," he said.

He brings literature about PPS to his doctors and travels to clinics and
wellness camps throughout the country.

"I have to watch out for what's ahead of the curve," he said.

Dr. Andrew Schutzbank helps Poznanski manage his condition. Schutzbank,
assistant medical director of Iora Health in Cambridge, Mass., said he never
came across a PPS patient before Poznanski. Poznanski met Schutzbank in Las
Vegas, where Schutzbank sometimes works. They communicate mostly by phone and
email.

"Everything I know about PPS, I learned from Manny," Schutzbank said.

He said there's not many good resources for the condition, yet the needs of PPS
patients can be great.

Schutzbank helps Poznanski take care of his general health and connects him to
specialists who might be able to improve his PPS. It's his job to keep Poznanski
in the fight.

He said his patient's prognosis is "some variety of poor" and that he's going to
get weaker over time.

"It's a race against the clock," Schutzbank said. "Manny's key is his tenacity.
He's unwilling to accept that there's no help."

Poznanski can feel his body slowing down. He said he's a 62-year-old with a
90-year-old body, yet his brain is still sharp.

This summer, he ended his trip to York County more than a month early because
traveling had become too much.

"It's coming to an end," Poznanski said. "It's becoming physically difficult to
keep going."

He said because people who had polio conquered so much, many feel they can
overcome anything. But, he said, PPS is not something to go at alone -- patients
need to seek adequate care.

"The wall, this time," Poznanski said. "It's insurmountable."

717-771-2101; @leighzaleski

Post-polio support

People who had polio can develop post-polio syndrome decades after they first
developed paralysis or weakness. Polio patients might develop more weakness,
atrophy or paralysis.

Deborah Stambaugh of Spring Grove runs a post-polio support group that meets
once a month. She said the group provides an outlet for former polio patients to
talk about problems they might experience today as a result of the disease.

The group will meet 2 p.m. Sept. 23 at Hanover Church of the Brethren, 601
Wilson Ave., Hanover. For details, call 717-259-9594.

More on polio

Read our Remember series story about polio epidemics in York County.

PPS resources

To learn more about post-polio syndrome, visit the following websites:

--- www.post-polio.org

--- poliotoday.org

--- www.kernan.org

To contact Emanuel Poznanski, call 702-370-6977 or email anitagari_8@hotmail.com

___ (c)2012 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120921-YO-Post-polio-syndrome-affects
-some-who-overcame-polio-in-childhood-0921-20120921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2012 York Daily Record


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                              July 23, 2004 Friday

Roadless forest rule unlikely to impact Gila

BYLINE: Thomas J. Baird, Silver City Sun-News

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 935 words


Sun-News reporter

A newly proposed rule to ban development in roadless areas of federal forests
will likely have little impact on the Gila National Forest, officials with the
agency's Silver City office said Thursday.

The U.S. Forest Service announced last week a reinstatement of an interim
directive to conserve roadless areas and a proposed new rule the agency said
would continue conservation of roadless areas in national forests and
grasslands.

"The prospect of endless lawsuits represents neither progress, nor certainty for
communities," said Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman, when announcing the
decision. "Our announcements illustrate our commitment to working closely with
the nation's governors to meet the needs of local communities, and to
maintaining the undeveloped character of the most pristine areas of the National
Forest System."

U.S. Sen. Pete Domenici, R-NM, who chairs the Senate Energy and Natural
Resources Committee, praised the Forest Service on the new roadless rule.

"I commend the U.S. Forest Service for recognizing that fact," Domenici said. "I
applaud a roadless rule that will give governors a defined role in recommending
which existing roadless areas should be maintained as roadless. Creating a
roadless area has a tremendous impact on the land itself and on surrounding
region.

"Prohibiting roads affects a forest's vulnerability to fire, drought and
disease," the senator added. "Prohibiting roads affects local prosperity,
regional commerce, state resource management, accessibility to nearby state
lands and both state and federal efforts to combat disease, drought and
wildfire. Now, local residents will have the security of knowing that their
local elected officials have a seat at the table when making decisions that
affect their very quality of life."

According to Forest Service officials, the proposed rule establishes a process
for governors to work with the Forest Service to develop locally-supported rules
for conserving roadless areas in their states. While there are 39 states that
have "inventoried" roadless areas on National Forest System lands within their
boundaries, just 12 states contain 56.6 million acres or 97 percent of all
roadless areas in the country. The states include Alaska, Arizona, California,
Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington and
Wyoming.

"State governments are important partners in the stewardship of the nation's
land and natural resources," Veneman said. "Strong state and federal cooperation
in the management of roadless areas will foster strong local involvement and
support for a final policy."

The new proposal would offer governors the opportunity to work with USDA on
collaborative state-specific rulemakings for the conservation and management of
roadless areas. Petitions would identify areas for inclusion, and ways to
protect public health and safety, reduce wildfire risks to communities and
critical wildlife habitat, maintain critical infrastructure, such as dams and
utilities, and assure citizens access to private property, officials said.

Once the state finished its petition process, the Forest Service would publish a
subsequent rulemaking for inventoried roadless areas within a petitioning state.
Each state-specific rulemaking will include the required National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA) analysis and input from the public during the notice and
comment period. Petitions would have to be submitted within 18 months of the
effective date of a final rule.

Separately, Veneman also proposed establishing a national advisory committee to
provide expert consultation for implementing the state-specific petition
rulemaking process. Members of the committee would include experts in fish and
wildlife biology, fish and wildlife management, forest management, outdoor
recreation, and other relevant disciplines.

The proposed rule has been published in the Federal Register this past week and
is available at www.fs.fed.us. There is a 60-day public comment period on the
proposed rule.

But Delbert Griego, timber and recreation staff officer with the U.S. Forest
Service for the Gila National Forest said Thursday that the rule will have
little effect on the way the Gila is managed by the agency.

"The previous administration established the Roadless Rule, which basically said
there would be no more development in the federal forests," Griego said. "But
the Forest Service was challenged with a whole lot of lawsuits and the District
Court in Wyoming enjoined the rule, so that we could not enforce it, we couldn't
use. Now the Bush Administration with this new rule, will give the governors of
a state that have roadless areas, an opportunity to petition the Forest Service
to create management that they want in these roadless areas."

Griego said he expects Gov. Bill Richardson to petition the agency to prevent
further forest development.

"Richardson is saying OEwe don't want any roads or developments,' and we
anticipate he'll petition to keep development out," Griego said. "He doesn't
want timber harvesting, that's what we anticipate."

But due to the remoteness of roadless areas within the Gila, any changes
implemented by the proposed rule will realistically have no impact on the
region.

"We don't anticipate a whole lot of changes because our roadless areas are so
remote," he said. "They were once studied for possible Wilderness designation.
And there's not much timber in those areas, and those activities are focused on
fuels reduction and forest restoration."

Thomas J. Baird can be reached at tbaird@scsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Growing U.S. trade deficit with China affects Ohioans

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


Dec. 16--Ohio lost 106,400 jobs because of the U.S. trade deficit with China
between 2001 and 2013, according to a new report by a Washington think tank.

In Ohio's 9th Congressional district, which includes most of Toledo, there were
5,700 jobs displaced because of the trade deficit.

Overall, the country lost 3.2 million jobs -- including 2.4 million
manufacturing jobs -- during the 12-year period that began when China entered
the World Trade Organization, according to the report produced by the nonprofit
Economic Policy Institute.

The report was commissioned by the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a
coalition between several leading U.S. manufacturers and the United Steelworkers
that promotes American products.

When China was admitted to the WTO, the expectation was that U.S. exports to
China would increase and create thousands of new jobs, the report said. The WTO
was supposed to bring China into trade compliance with enforceable rules and
open up its markets to other countries.

But the EPI said since 2001 China has engaged in currency manipulation and other
trade-distorting practices, including subsidies, barriers to imports, dumping,
and suppression of wages and labor rights, to increase its own exports
substantially while limiting imports.

The report says that exports from China to the United States increased
dramatically from $102.1 billion in 2001 (the year China joined the WTO) to
$438.2 billion in 2013.

According to the policy institute, the hardest-hit industry was computer and
electronic parts, which lost 1.2 million jobs -- or about 39.6 percent of all
jobs lost because of the Chinese trade deficit.

Manufacturing jobs decreased by 2.4 million, and the motor vehicles and motor
vehicle parts segment lost 34,800 jobs, the EPI said.

Ohio's loss of 106,400 jobs during the period was the eighth highest. It equaled
about 2 percent of the state's 5.2 million jobs. California had the highest loss
at 564,200 jobs, or about 3.4 percent of its total employment.

The policy institute calculated job loss in every state's Congressional
districts. In the 9th District, which spreads east across Ohio's northern
boundary, there were 5,700 jobs lost, or about 1.8 percent of all jobs in the
district.

The 14th District, which includes most of northeast Ohio, had the highest job
losses in the state at 9,000 jobs, or 2.5 percent of the state's total
employment.

Ohio's 5th District, with Wood County and western sections of Lucas County, lost
7,500 jobs, or 2.2 percent of Ohio's total employment.

Nationwide, the report said the hardest-hit districts were those where
production of computer and electronic parts were most prevalent. The three
hardest-hit districts were in California's Silicon Valley area.

Furthermore, the report said that the competition from low-wage workers in China
drove down wages for U.S. workers in manufacturing operations and reduced wages
and bargaining power for noncollege educated workers across the U.S. economy.

Contact Jon Chavez at: jchavez@theblade.com or 419-724-6128.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141216-TO-Growing-U-S-trade-deficit-with-China-affects
-Ohioans-1216-20141216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Sale of sister festivals won't affect Country Jam

BYLINE: Christena T. O'Brien, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


Sept. 11--The sale of sister festivals in Colorado won't have a negative impact
on Country Jam.

"We've got a great event in Eau Claire," said Jim Bischel, who owns Country Jam
with Mart Swenson. "It brings in a lot of money for the community, and we are
expecting our biggest year for our 25th (anniversary in 2014)."

Earlier this summer, Bischel and Swenson sold Country Jam and Rock Jam, which
are held each June and August, respectively, in Grand Junction, Colo., to a
sponsoring radio station.

"It was a very good match," said Bischel, noting the station plans to continue
both events.

"They made us a nice offer," said Bischel, noting price was only one of the
reasons he and Swenson agreed to sell the annual music festivals. "We've been
doing this for a long time, none of us are getting any younger, and buyers don't
come along very easily for these types of events."

In addition, Bischel and Swenson live in the Chippewa Valley -- as do almost all
of their employees.

"Our staff was running Grand Junction from here," Bischel said.

Selling the Colorado festivals allows Bischel and Swenson to focus on Country
Jam in the Eau Claire County town of Union, and they have some improvements for
the grounds in the planning stages, said Bischel, who declined to elaborate.

The 2014 event, set for July 17-19, will include country crooners Jake Owen,
Dierks Bentley and Luke Bryan.

"We're not planning on going anywhere," Bischel said regarding the future of
Country Jam. "I think people will see the lineup we have planned for our 25th
will be the biggest lineup we've had in years."

Tickets for the annual event are on sale now.

___ (c)2013 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130911-EW-Sale-of-sister-festivals-won-t-affect
-Country-Jam-0911-20130911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2013 The Leader-Telegram


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 27, 2010 Sunday

Proponents: It'll protect habitat and won't affect private landowners

BYLINE: Paul Fattig, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 620 words


June 27--Proponents of the Siskiyou Crest National Monument say it would protect
crucial habitat while allowing the flexibility to continue recreational
activities and forest thinning, said Stephanie Tidwell, executive director of
the Klamath-Siskiyou Wildlands Center in Ashland.

"Private land would not be impacted," Tidwell said. "There are no plans for any
form of private land acquisition. The current designated road system would not
be affected.

"It seems to me like knee-jerk opposition to something they don't really
understand," she said of opponents.

Her environmental group launched a campaign last July to create a roughly
80-mile-long monument along the crest of the Siskiyou Mountains, citing the need
to protect flora and fauna.

"Even though there is a contiguous land form, there is no comprehensive
management plan," she said. "It's in Oregon and California in four different
congressional districts and on both Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management
land.

"The lack of coordinated management is fragmenting the habitat, and this land
provides a habitat connectivity for the southern portion of the Pacific
Northwest."

The group envisions a monument covering some 600,000 acres between the
Cascade-Siskiyou National Monument east of Ashland and the Siskiyou Wilderness
Area just west of Happy Camp.

The group, which says historic hunting and fishing activities already allowed in
the region would not be impacted, supports a national monument over a wilderness
area because the former would allow for more flexible management, including
thinning where forests have become overgrown, she said. A management plan would
address those specific issues, she noted.

"This could include small-diameter logging, particularly in areas that have
already been impacted by logging," she said, adding, "There is a lot of
noncontroversial work in the woods that could be created by this that everybody
would support."

The crest is a rare east-west "biological land bridge" connecting the Cascade
and Sierra mountain ranges with the coast range, resulting in a region of unique
biodiversity, the group said.

"One of the guiding motivations for KS Wild to see the crest protected is from
looking at its history as a refugia during past climatic upheaval," she said.
"Science has definitely shown because the Siskiyous were not widely glaciated,
it served as a refuge for a rich variety of species." With scientific data
indicating another global climate change, the crest can be expected to provide
another refuge, she said.

A leaked U.S. Department of Interior draft document early this year listed the
Siskiyou Crest National Monument proposal among a short list of sites that could
be protected by national monument designation. Administration officials have
said there are no plans to create any monuments any time soon.

Although it is more likely the monument could be created by a presidential
proclamation through the Antiquities Act than through Congress, which is
currently at loggerheads, Tidwell said, she doesn't expect any official action
in the near future.

"In reality, it would be years down the road before it happened," she said. "We
will continue educating people about the need to stop the ecological degradation
in the region. This is a long-term campaign."

To see more of the Mail Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mailtribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100627-ME-Proponents-It-ll-protect-habitat-and-won-t-affect
-private-landowners-20100627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2010 Mail Tribune


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 4, 2015 Sunday

New Minnesota law will affect everyone who hauls boats, other water-related
equipment

BYLINE: Brad Dokken, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 267 words


Jan. 04--A new law is scheduled to take effect this year in Minnesota that's
going to affect everyone -- including nonresidents -- who hauls a boat or other
water-related equipment in the state.

Beginning July 1, anyone towing a boat in Minnesota will be required to have a
trailer decal certifying they have completed an online Aquatic Invasive Species
training course. The requirement also applies to water-related equipment such as
docks and boat lifts.

The online training course will be available on the DNR website at mndnr.gov
beginning this month, and paper home-study training packets will be available by
calling (651) 351-2000.

After completing the course, boat owners will receive the decal, which then must
be displayed on the boat trailer. Boat owners also can register for the class
and get a temporary pass that gives them seven days to complete the training.

The best option, though, would be to complete the course this winter before you
need to trailer a boat in Minnesota. Technically, the law would apply to Grand
Forks boaters who haul their rigs across the river into East Grand Forks to
launch at ramps on the Red and Red Lake rivers, as well.

According to information on the DNR's website, the law also applies to
nonresidents who are trailering their boats through Minnesota en route to other
destinations.

More information, including a series of frequently asked questions, is available
at trailers.mndnr.gov.

___ (c)2015 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150104-GF-New-Minnesota-law-will-affect
-everyone-who-hauls-boats-other-water-related-equipment-0104-20150104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2015 Grand Forks Herald


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 15, 2004, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Schilling not out of ALCS

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 328 words

DATELINE: BOSTON

BOSTON -- Curt Schilling's injured right ankle will prevent him from pitching
Game 5 of the American League Championship Series for Boston, but the Red Sox
say Schilling could make a start if the series returns next week to New York.

A day after the Red Sox went down 2-0 in the ALCS, Schilling, who led the majors
with 21 wins and was pounded for six runs in three innings by the New York
Yankees in Game 1, was too sore to throw on the side on Thursday's off-day
workout at Fenway Park.

"It's not over," Red Sox manager Terry Francona said. "He's going to continue to
try to prepare. But, as far as Sunday goes, he's not starting."


Derek Lowe, who was inconsistent and bounced from the postseason rotation, will
take Schilling's place.

"It takes more than one player to win in the postseason," Lowe said. "Crazy
things happen, so you have to be ready. I'll do whatever."

The Red Sox's team doctor, Bill Morgan, said the sheath that covers two tendons
in Schilling's ankle is torn and one of the tendons rubs against the bone. It
affects his balance and pushing off the pitching rubber.

The team's medical staff was working on a brace that could help stabilize the
ankle, but Schilling was too sore to try it Thursday.

"For the Red Sox to lose a pitcher of that caliber, it has to affect them," the
Yankees' Bernie Williams said. "We feel that we are little bit more comfortable
without him pitching. But we can't think about that because they have other
quality pitchers on that staff."

Rain is forecast for Friday and could affect the Red Sox's pitching plans. If
Friday's game gets rained out, the Red Sox could bring back Pedro Martinez for
Game 5 on his normal four days of rest.

The Yankees lead the best-of-seven series and are trying to wrap up their 40th
AL pennant. Kevin Brown is scheduled to pitch Game 3, with Orlando "El Duque"
Hernandez, who missed a Division Series start because of a tired arm, scheduled
for Game 5.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Eileen Blass, USA TODAY; Hurting: Curt Schilling was too
sore Thursday to try an ankle brace made by the Red Sox medical staff.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 14, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Scholarships reward good grades, careful research

BYLINE: Pat Ordovensky; Donna Gable

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 741 words


Students as young as sixth grade called USA TODAY's college hot lines this week
asking how they should prepare to pay for college.

Answers from the experts: Get good grades and do a lot of research.

Grades can affect the amount of a student's financial aid, said Susan Glueck of
Moravian College in Bethlehem, Pa., because many schools offer better deals to
better students.

E.F. Hall of Wheeling (W.Va.) Jesuit College laid out a four-step plan for
ninth-grader Juli Susini of Sierra Vista, Ariz.:

- Get good grades.

- Develop leadership skills and other talents that colleges will find
attractive.

- Start now researching scholarships, at the school guidance office and library,
that might be available to you.

- Work with your parents to plan for saving money.

At many schools, leadership skills are just as important as grades, says Nancy
Church of Sweet Briar (Va.) College.

''It's my job to put together an interesting freshman class,'' Church says. ''It
would be pretty boring if all the students had (perfect grades) and 1400 on the
SAT. It's OK if some students are average.''

Wheeling's Hall reassured a worried father, in default on a student loan of
years ago, that his status won't affect his child's eligibility for aid, ''but
it might affect your ability to borrow money to help him.''

Among other questions fielded on the hot lines, operated in cooperation with the
Council for Advancement and Support of Education:

Q. My son was kicked out of a prep school for alcohol abuse. Now he's doing well
at a public school, with an SAT over 1200. Should we tell the college he was
kicked out? - Marie Sowul, Pittsburgh

A. Any admissions committee that sees that sudden departure from a private
school will question it. Tell the truth. Your son could use his essay to
describe his life-changing experience, how he's now in AA and doing well. -
Christine Frost, Southern Methodist U., Dallas

Q. As an African-American student, can I get more aid from an interracial
college? - Latasha Taylor, Oklahoma City

A. Traditional colleges are competing with each other to increase diversity on
their campuses, and may offer more aid to minority students. - Helen Nunn,
Susquehanna U., Selinsgrove, Pa.

Q. Does a GED (high school diploma equivalent) reflect badly on me in the
admissions process?. I have an SAT over 1200. - Dean Taylor, Atlanta

A. A GED is not a negative item. A more important issue is whether you've had
the necessary courses to qualify you for the college you want. - Robert Jones,
Hampden-Sydney (Va.) College

Q. I read all these college ratings in magazines and guidebooks. How can I make
the best use of them for me? - Dick Edberg, Atlanta

A. The best way to rate colleges from your perspective is ask your guidance
counselor where students from your high school have gone, how well they have
done, how many have graduated. That will give you a comparison with some
meaning. - Katherine Dodge, Keene (N.H.) State College

Q. I am adopting two foreign students. Is any financial aid available for their
education? - Bernard Regan, Winchester, Mass.

A. Government aid is available only to U.S. citizens or foreigners with green
cards. Others should ask the financial aid offices at the colleges to see which
make their own money available to good students. Also check the directories of
aid for international studies published by The College Board and National
Science Foundation. - Linda Bethea, Stockton (N.J.) State College

Q. My son is a college freshman. My daughter is a high school senior. Will my
parental contribution increase or decrease next year? - Nelda Henderson, Fort
Walton Beach, Fla.

A. The parents' contribution is adjusted by the number of dependents who are in
college at least half-time. A family that did not qualify for aid with one in
college may qualify with two. If your daughter's school costs twice as much as
your son's, your contribution will be identical for each. Your daughter's
financial need will be twice as large as your son's. Jeanne Bowen, Drew U.,
Madison, N.J.

Q. My child likes an out-of-state school. I think she should stay in-state
because it's less expensive. Who's right? - Barbara Tamblingson, Fort Wayne,
Ind.

A. Let your child apply wherever she is interested and see what kind of aid is
offered. If an out-of-state school really likes her, it might be less expensive
than you think. - Patrick Gallivan, St. Michael's College, Winooski, Vt.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, John Glenn, USA TODAY (2)

CUTLINE: BETHEA: You must ask around about aid for foareign students. CUTLINE:
BOWEN: Aid eligibility may go up with more kids in college.

USA TODAY'S COLLEGE HOT LINES

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

US Patent granted to EcoPAS LLC (US) on December 08, titled as 'VOLATILE ORGANIC
COMPOUND RECOVERY SYSTEM AND METHOD'

LENGTH: 269 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20160355770, on December 08 2016, to EcoPAS LLC (US), titled as 'VOLATILE
ORGANIC COMPOUND RECOVERY SYSTEM AND METHOD'



 Inventors: Norkin; Marci; (Pasadena, CA) ; Colome; Steven D.; (Pasadena, CA)



 Assignee: EcoPAS LLC (US)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: 'The
present invention provides for passive VOC recovery in the fermentation process
that does not affect or minimally affects the conditions within the fermentor
vessel and does not affect or minimally affects the conditions within the
headspace of the fermentor vessel itself while using the production of CO.sub.2
emitted during the fermenting process as the source of driving energy to move a
portion of the gaseous/vaporous material in the headspace of the fermentor
through an appropriately sized conduit to a chilled surface condensing device to
condense the VOCs (principally ethanol) for recovery and to exhaust the CO.sub.2
to the atmosphere or to recover the CO.sub.2 for other uses. The conduit from
the headspace of the fermentor to the condenser is sized to provide a flow
restriction in a selected range such that the headspace equilibria are not
affected while allowing a portion of the gaseous/vaporous material in the
headspace to move through the conduit in response to the generation of the
CO.sub.2 during the fermentation process.'



 The patent was filed on August 18, 2016 Application no. 15/240923



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Community members have opportunity to help ISU researchers determine how sleep
problems in youth affect health and social behavior

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Idaho: Idaho State University has issued the following news release:



  Idaho State University's Maria Wong, working with the Portneuf Medical Center
Sleep Clinic in Pocatello, is trying to get a more objective measure of the
quality of sleep of 8- to 12-year olds to try to quantify the effects of good
and poor sleep on health.





 &ldquo;Researchers believe that sleep problems can affect the executive
functions of adolescents, which affects their problem-solving and planning
abilities that may influence mood and their decisions on what activities to
engage in,&rdquo; said Wong, professor and director of experimental training in
the ISU Department of Psychology, who is in the second year of a five-year, $1.6
million study funded by the National Institutes of Health.



 Southeast Idaho and regional families have the opportunity to participate in
this major study. Wong is in the process of recruiting 200 study participants in
the region and will examine the sleep patterns and habits of rural children
through multiple measures of sleep, including self-report by participants,
parental ratings and sleep assessment in clinical settings.



 &ldquo;We welcome families with children 8 to 12 years old to take part in a
study concerning sleep habits and social behaviors,&rdquo; Wong said.
&ldquo;Results are private and confidential. No personal information will be
linked to the data.&rdquo;



 Families interested in participating receive $25 for an initial screening and
can receive up to $240 if eligible and participate in the full study. Activities
for full participants include interviews, questionnaires, cognitive tests,
wearing an activity watch, and sleep assessment, which includes spending two
nights at the PMC Sleep Clinic where participants have an EEG
(electroencephalogram) test done that measures their brain activity during
sleep.



 Wong leads a team of five collaborators including Shannon Lynch, chair of the
ISU Department of Psychology, Kirk Brower, Deirdre Conroy and Robert Zucker from
the University of Michigan and Tim Roehrs at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit.
There are also eight graduate and undergraduate students working as research
assistants in the project.



 If interested in participating in the study, call 208-228-5577 or email
isusleepstudy@gmail.com. Callers should be sure to leave a phone number so that
study staff can call back. More information about the study is available at
www.isu.edu/sleepstudy.



 Wong received her grant from the National Institute of Health (R01 AA020364).
She also received a previous grant from the National Institute of Health (R21
AA016851) on a project examining the relationship between sleep and health.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Community members have opportunity to help ISU researchers determine how sleep
problems in youth affect health and social behavior

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Idaho: Idaho State University has issued the following news release:



  Idaho State University's Maria Wong, working with the Portneuf Medical Center
Sleep Clinic in Pocatello, is trying to get a more objective measure of the
quality of sleep of 8- to 12-year olds to try to quantify the effects of good
and poor sleep on health.





 &ldquo;Researchers believe that sleep problems can affect the executive
functions of adolescents, which affects their problem-solving and planning
abilities that may influence mood and their decisions on what activities to
engage in,&rdquo; said Wong, professor and director of experimental training in
the ISU Department of Psychology, who is in the second year of a five-year, $1.6
million study funded by the National Institutes of Health.



 Southeast Idaho and regional families have the opportunity to participate in
this major study. Wong is in the process of recruiting 200 study participants in
the region and will examine the sleep patterns and habits of rural children
through multiple measures of sleep, including self-report by participants,
parental ratings and sleep assessment in clinical settings.



 &ldquo;We welcome families with children 8 to 12 years old to take part in a
study concerning sleep habits and social behaviors,&rdquo; Wong said.
&ldquo;Results are private and confidential. No personal information will be
linked to the data.&rdquo;



 Families interested in participating receive $25 for an initial screening and
can receive up to $240 if eligible and participate in the full study. Activities
for full participants include interviews, questionnaires, cognitive tests,
wearing an activity watch, and sleep assessment, which includes spending two
nights at the PMC Sleep Clinic where participants have an EEG
(electroencephalogram) test done that measures their brain activity during
sleep.



 Wong leads a team of five collaborators including Shannon Lynch, chair of the
ISU Department of Psychology, Kirk Brower, Deirdre Conroy and Robert Zucker from
the University of Michigan and Tim Roehrs at the Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit.
There are also eight graduate and undergraduate students working as research
assistants in the project.



 If interested in participating in the study, call 208-228-5577 or email
isusleepstudy@gmail.com Callers should be sure to leave a phone number so that
study staff can call back. More information about the study is available at
www.isu.edu/sleepstudy.



 Wong received her grant from the National Institute of Health (R01 AA020364).
She also received a previous grant from the National Institute of Health (R21
AA016851) on a project examining the relationship between sleep and health.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Cumberland, Fayetteville officials watching legislation that would affect sales
tax dollars

BYLINE: Paul Woolverton, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 820 words


March 25--RALEIGH -- City and county officials are looking warily at state
Senate legislation that would move many millions of sales tax dollars from urban
counties and tourist centers to rural counties.

At stake: How $2.3 billion, likely more, is divvied up among North Carolina's
100 counties.

At least one lawmaker from the Fayetteville-Fort Bragg community says the new
revenue distribution plan is a good idea. Democratic state Sen. Ben Clark of
Hoke and Cumberland counties is a prime sponsor of the legislation, entitled the
Sales Tax Fairness Act.

Republican state Sen. Harry Brown of Onslow County, the majority party leader in
the Senate, is spearheading the bill.

The bill would change how North Carolina distributes sales tax revenues.
Statistics published Monday say Hoke County would see a large revenue increase.
Cumberland County would get a boost, too, Clark said.

"Clearly this bill brings equity to Cumberland and Hoke County with regard to
the distribution of sales taxes in this state," Clark said. Both would "benefit
significantly" with increased revenue, he said. He would not provide specific
figures, saying the bill is still being developed.

Counties that lose money from the change may think the legislation is unfair.

North Carolina's sales tax in most places is either 6.75 percent or 7 percent.
It's 7percent in Cumberland County and 6.75 percent in Hoke.

The state government keeps 4.75 points of the tax. The remaining 2 to 2.25
points gets sent to the local governments, mostly based on where the sales
transactions took place, and partially based on the population of each county.

The proposed change would have 2 points of the local portion of the sales tax
distributed to each county entirely based on its population. This new method
would be phased in over the next three years.

The theory behind the bill is that people from rural areas shop in regional
shopping centers in cities. The sponsors say the sales taxes these people pay
when they shop out of town should follow them home to pay for their schools and
other public services.

As designed, some rural counties will take in significantly more money with this
plan. Urban centers such as Durham and Mecklenburg counties would lose revenue.

Some rural areas would lose money, too. Currituck County on the northeast coast,
for example, has no incorporated towns. Its share of the sales taxes in fiscal
2019 would be 16 percent less than what it received in fiscal 2014, according to
data released in support of the legislation.

Currituck is a resort community where vacation rental homes and hotels generate
sales taxes. Other resort areas on the coast and in the mountains would lose
money under this legislation.

Figures available as of Tuesday for golfing community Moore County were not
clear on whether the new formula will give it more or less revenue than the
existing formula. It appears probable that its revenues would decline.

Another change in the distribution of the sales tax money would alter how some
counties share the money with their towns. Bladen County, for example, would get
an overall revenue boost. But White Lake, a resort town in Bladen County, would
see a reduction.

Brown, the Senate majority leader, said in a news conference on Monday that
communities that lose sales tax revenue can increase their property taxes to
replace it.

The N.C. League of Municipalities has concerns about the legislation, spokesman
Scott Mooneyham said Tuesday, and is still evaluating it.

"We do not believe that policy prescriptions that create winners and losers
among local government are good for North Carolina," Mooneyham said. If changes
are to be made in effort to make the tax system more fair, the state should look
at its whole tax system, not just part, he said.

The N.C. Association of County Commissioners dislikes the bill. It's troubled in
part because the state will take control of money that had been controlled by
the local governments, said spokesman Todd McGee. Lawmakers in the future could
find that pot of revenue tempting and take it away from the cities and counties
for use on state expenditures, he said.

Fayetteville and Cumberland County officials are still studying the legislation,
according to statements from City Manager Ted Voorhees and County Manager Amy
Cannon.

"While it doesn't on its face have a significant negative impact for
Cumberland-Fayetteville, it will take some time to sort through the details,"
Voorhees said in an email. "We will also want to consult with our colleagues
across the state to be sure we understand the total impact of the proposal, both
positive and negative."

Staff writer Paul Woolverton can be reached at woolvertonp@fayobserver.com, in
Raleigh at 919-828-7641 or in Fayetteville at 910-486-3512.

___ (c)2015 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150325-FY-Cumberland-Fayetteville-officials-watching-legislation-that-would-
affect-sales-tax-dollars-0325-20150325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2015 The Fayetteville Observer


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Business Digest, Oct. 2, 2013: Shutdown affects SBA loans

BYLINE: Jondi Gumz, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words


Oct. 01--SANTA CRUZ -- Shutdown affects SBA loans

The shutdown of the federal government has closed the offices of the U.S. Small
Business Administration, which provides loan guarantees to bank.

"As a preferred lender, we have authority to approve guaranteed loans within the
SBA program," said David Heald, Santa Cruz County Bank president and chief
executive officer. "In anticipation of the shutdown, this was proactively
accomplished for loans already in the pipeline. For new requests coming in today
and after October 1, we will consider making interim loans, if necessary."

Rick Hofstetter, president and chief executive officer of Lighthouse Bank in
Santa Cruz, said, "We can still move forward with SBA loan requests already
approved."

He added, "Vendors owed money from the federal government have yet to feel the
sting from the delayed receipt of payments. Over time that will all change and
not for the better, should Washington be unable to get its act together."

SANTA CRUZ

Lavish Salon hosts open house

Deborah and Jesse Riley, co-owners of Lavish Salon and Spa, will host an open
house 4:30-7:30 p.m. Wednesday at 602 Soquel Ave. There will be tapas, Sangria,
Spanish Champagne, tea, a raffle and a 15 percent discount on purchases.

Hair consultation will be complimentary. Misty McDonald of SkinCeuticals will
offer skin analysis and Michelle Osorio of Yon-ka Skin Care will be on hand.
Isabel Wilson of Sandcastle Magic Jewelry will showcase her new line of jewelry.
Handbags and chocolate will be for sale. To RSVP, email Ingrid Becker at
shugbugmedia@gmail.com

Lavish offers hair styling and coloring, nail and spa services, facials and
waxing. Products include L'Oreal Professional, Bumble and Bumble and Moroccan
Oil. During October, Lavish is raising money to support a Santa Cruz woman
battling breast cancer. For information, call 831-457-1544 or visit
http://lavishsalonsantacruz.com.

LOS GATOS

Quad Mixer slated Thursday

The Scotts Valley Chamber of Commerce is participating in the fifth annual Quad
Mixer 5:30-7 p.m. Thursday at Los Gatos Lodge, 50 Los Gatos-Saratoga Road, at
highways 9 and 17, Los Gatos, with chambers from Campbell, Los Gatos and
Saratoga.

Restaurants, caterers and wineries from all four chambers will provide food and
drink. There will be networking and a raffle. Cost is $5. To carpool and to
RSVP, call 438-1010 and be at the Scotts Valley chamber office, 360 Kings
Village Road at 4:30 p.m.

SANTA CRUZ

Talk for startups Thursday noon

NextSpace Coworking, 101 Cooper St., will present a NextTalk noon to 1 p.m.
Thursday by Alex Cowan, who will explain venture design for creating better
products and companies. Cowan will offer a set of steps that you can apply to
your projects and take questions. Admission is free and the public is welcome.

___ (c)2013 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131001-QC-Business-Digest-Oct-2-2013-Shutdown-affects
-SBA-loans-1001-20131001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2013 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           October 25, 2006 Wednesday
                                Michigan Edition

Schult Homes to shut doors;
Middlebury plant closing to affect 150; softening market blamed.

BYLINE: By ED RONCO, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 379 words


MIDDLEBURY -- A softening market for manufactured housing is to blame for a
plant closing that will affect 150 workers here, the company said.

Schult Homes will soon shutter its factory at 220 U.S. 20 in Middlebury. A
specific date has not been set, but production will continue until backlog
orders are filled, the company said in a statement.

The closing will affect 150 workers at the plant, some of whom will be absorbed
into the company, although an exact number hasn't been determined.

Softening demand for manufactured housing is causing parent company CMH
Manufacturing West Inc. to consolidate operations.

Schult's workload will transfer over to the Crest Homes plant, also in
Middlebury and to other Schult plants elsewhere. Both companies are owned by
CMH, the manufacturing arm of Tennessee-based Clayton Homes. Clayton is owned by
Berkshire Hathaway.

This isn't the first time Schult has pulled out of a plant. The company shut
down an Etna Green plant employing 150 people in late 2004, and sold it to RV
manufacturer Gulf Stream.

"The industry has experienced some declines in sales over the past four or five
years," said Dennis Harney, executive director of the Indiana Manufactured
Housing Association.

Job loss in Indiana, Michigan and Ohio has hurt people's ability to afford
housing, and thus the housing industry has suffered, Harney said.

A plant closing isn't a surprise, he said.

"It's a wise course of business to reduce excess capacity when demand's not
there," Harney said.

Industrywide, sales were down 30 percent last year and are down about 20 percent
this year, he said.

Middlebury is a town of 11,000 people by day and 3,000 people by night when the
factories close down.

The closing is sad for individual workers who will have to find jobs elsewhere,
Town Manager Lowell Miller said.

But for the town, economically, this is more of a scratch than a cut.

"We have other businesses hiring," Miller said.

The town is in the middle of a $7 million expansion of its water infrastructure.

The plan includes the drilling of a new well field and building a new filtration
plant. The town also expects to build a new water tower, Miller said.

"We're pretty diverse," he said. "There's still jobs available here."

Staff writer Ed Ronco: eronco@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6467

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                               September 15, 2002

Train strikes hit trippers

BYLINE: Ben Hewes

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 351 words



THE tourist chief at Blackpool Borough Council has warned that this week's train
strikes could hit the town's essential tourist trade.

Forty eight hours of strikes took place on Tuesday and Wednesday by train
drivers' union ASLEF, which has around 17,000 members across the country.

The strike affected all First North Western trains. These include a number of
services to Blackpool, which bring day-trippers into the town.

The strikes looked set to affect traders in Blackpool, a town reliant on summer
season visitors for much of its income.

Jane Seddon, head of tourism at Blackpool Borough Council, warned: "It will
affect the day trippers.

"Anything that prevents people from getting to their destination is bad news. We
do hope they reach an agreement and they do run on time especially coming up to
our illuminations period."

ASLEF is the principal trade union for train drivers, and strikes have also been
planned for August 27 and 28, and September 10 and 11 of this year.

First North Western run services throughout the area to Blackpool including from
Liverpool, Manchester airport and Preston.

But Mrs Seddon said that it was good news the strikers had not chosen a weekend
for the latest series of disruptions.

She said: "At least they have chosen to go on strike mid-week, on a Tuesday and
Wednesday.

"It would affect our trade much more if they were choosing Friday to Monday. The
majority of people would actually travel here between Friday and Monday."

Geoffrey Thompson, managing director of Blackpool Pleasure Beach, hit out at the
strikers. He said: "Train strikes are very bad for the economy in general, and a
major disaster for tourism.

"We have been encouraging more and more people to use the trains and then the
unions spoil all the long-term marketing plans and force people back on to the
busy roads yet again."

Derek Ellershaw of the Blackpool Hotel and Guest House Association said the
train strikes would not affect hotel trade.

He said: "It won't affect us very much, it will affect the day trippers more. It
may deter a few people."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                       Allied Cooperative Insurance Group

                               North Almalka Area
                                  RIYADH 11511
                                  Saudi Arabia

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


ACIG is an insurance company. Its cash position, financial performance and
diverse customer base are its major strengths, although dependence on motor
insurance and its geographic concentration remain major areas of concern. In
future, interest rates, competition and Saudi Arabia's economic performance may
affect its financial performance. However, the Saudi Arabian non-life insurance
industry, and government initiatives are likely to present growth opportunities
for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


CASH POSITION


The company has recorded strong growth in cash and cash equivalents, helping it
to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and cash equivalents increased by
34.5% from SAR100 million in FY2014 to SAR134.5 million in FY2015. An increase
in cash and cash equivalents may be attributed to increased value of short-term
asset holdings such as short-term government bonds, and marketable securities,
and strong cash inflow.

CUSTOMER BASE


The company caters to a broad range of customers, giving it a competitive
advantage over its competitors. ACIG is a provider of non-life insurance
products in Saudi Arabia, and serves both individual and corporate customers.
Through various customer-centric products the company serves customers in
industries such as automobile, engineering, construction, real estate,
healthcare and marine. A diversified customer base protects the company from the
negative impacts of a downturn in any particular industry.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Strong growth in revenues characterizes the demand for the company's offerings.
During FY2015, the company recorded total revenues of SAR413.1 million, compared
to SAR224.2 million in FY2014, representing an annual increase of 84.2%. Growth
in the revenues of the company was attributed to overall positive growth in the
total premiums earned by 87.9% and investment income increased from SAR1.1
million FY2014, to SAR3.2 million in FY2015, respectively. During FY2015,
operating income of the company was SAR10.9 million, compared to SAR8.5 million
in FY2014, representing an annual increase of 27.8%. The net income of the
company was SAR11.1 million in FY2015, compared to SAR8.9 million in FY2014,
representing an annual increase of 24.7%. Such a strong growth in revenues and
operating income helps the company to pursue its growth plans.


WEAKNESSES:


DEPENDENCE ON MOTOR INSURANCE DIVISION


The company depends highly on motor insurance for its gross premium written,
making it vulnerable to division-specific risks. Although the company operates
other divisions such as Medical Insurance, General Accident and Others, its
Motor Insurance division contributed 67.8% of the company's gross written
premium in FY2015. Overdependence on a single division exposes the company to
risks associated with that particular market, and may hamper its growth
prospects.

GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


The company's dependence on a select region for revenues may affect its
operations if the region experiences any political and economical change. The
company operates in Saudi Arabia, and its limited presence increases its risk
and limits its expansion plans, as a wider geographical reach would improve
profit margins, generate economies of scale and broaden its recognition.


OPPORTUNITIES:


SAUDI ARABIAN NON-LIFE INSURANCE INDUSTRY


The company may benefit from growth in the non-life insurance segment in Saudi
Arabia. According to in-house research, the earned premium of the Saudi Arabian
non-life segment is expected to reach SAR16.3 billion (US$4.4 billion) in 2018.
Sustainable economic growth and rising income levels are expected to drive
demand for non-life insurance. Low penetration, and rises in new vehicle sales,
construction activity, exports and imports, and government expenditure on
infrastructure present a significant opportunity and growth potential over the
forecast period. As a provider of Sharia-compliant products in Saudi Arabia,
this should benefit the company.

GOVERNMENT INITIATIVES


Recent government initiatives to enhance infrastructure development in Saudi
Arabia are likely to provide growth opportunities for the company. According to
in-house research, the Saudi Arabian government announced plans for investment
on infrastructure projects in 2015, including SAR217 billion (US$57.9 billion)
on education. It includes funding worth SAR14 billion (US$3.7 billion) for 164
new projects, and an additional SAR6.8 billion (US$1.8 billion) for existing
projects. Healthcare also remained a key priority for the government as it
allocated SAR160.0 billion (US$42.7 billion) to the sector, including the
construction of 27 new hospitals, in addition to the 117 hospitals and eight
medical cities already under construction. Government expenditure on other
infrastructure includes SAR63.0 billion (US$16.8 billion) on transport,
including upgrades and expansions of the country's airports, seaports, and
railways, infrastructure projects at Yanbu, Ras Al-Khair and Jubail, and the
construction of around 2,000km of roads. This large infrastructure expenditure
is expected to be a major driver for the development of non-life insurance,
especially the property insurance category. ACIG, a provider of property
insurance, is well positioned to benefit from this.


THREATS:


INTEREST RATES


Fluctuating interest rates may adversely affect the company's profitability.
Interest rate risk for insurance companies is a significant factor in
determining profitability. Although rate changes in either direction may affect
insurers' operations, profitability typically rises and falls in line with
interest rate increases or decreases. Changing interest rates can affect an
insurer's assets and liabilities, as many insurers have substantial investments
in interest rate-sensitive assets such as bonds, and supply interest
rate-sensitive products for customers. Falling interest rates can decrease an
insurer's liabilities by decreasing its obligations to policyholders. However,
lower interest rates can also make an insurer's products less attractive,
resulting in lower sales and income. Volatile interest rates might impact the
company's operating performance, as its income and returns depend on interest
rates.

SAUDI ARABIAN ECONOMY


A decline in the Saudi Arabian economy is likely to negatively affect overall
demand for goods and services in the country, which may affect the company's
operations. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Saudi Arabia's
GDP growth rate was 3.4% in 2015, and is further expected to fall to 1.9% in
2017. The decline was principally as result of falls in oil prices and capital
spending. The economic slowdown may create unfavorable market conditions for the
financial sector, which will affect the company's operations.

COMPETITION


The competitive financial services market may adversely affect ACIG's
profitability and ability to retain and attract clients. The company competes
with numerous domestic and international financial service institutions in its
area of operations, on the basis of reliability, financial strength and
stability, ratings, underwriting consistency, service, business ethics, price,
performance, capacity, policy terms and cover conditions. The company's key
competitors include Ace Arabia Cooperative Insurance Company, Al Sagr
Cooperative Insurance Company, Alahli Takaful Company, Allianz Saudi Fransi
Cooperative Insurance Company, Arabia Insurance Cooperative Company and Arabian
Shield Cooperative Insurance Company. The company needs to develop innovative
ways of serving customers to survive in the highly competitive financial
services market and maintain its market position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday

Owen J. Roberts redistricting plan affects about 200 students

BYLINE: Matt Carey, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


Feb. 07--The Owen J. Roberts School Board has approved a redistricting plan that
will affect about 200 elementary students.

The goal was to divide students among the five elementary schools as evenly as
possible without moving a more substantial number to new schools.

While some inequity exists in the short term, district officials tried to focus
on four to six years down the road, Superintendent Michael Christian said.

"We really have some good numbers moving forward," he said.

The school board unanimously approved the recommendations, which were developed
over nearly a year of planning by a redistricting committee.

The district sought to relieve pressure on East Coventry and North Coventry
elementary schools, both of which would likely exceed 700 students without the
changes.

Instead, the district projects 560 to 600 students in each of those schools in
the next decade.

The plan will be phased in over two years, with about 50 students moving from
East Coventry to East Vincent Elementary for 2016-17.

The remainder of the changes will take effect in 2017-18.

A "grandfathering" concept that would have allowed fifth-grade students to stay
at their current school instead of switching schools for a single year was
considered but ultimately was not part of the approved plan, except in
extraordinary cases.

The changes, district officials said, were designed to last for at least seven
years so students would not have to change schools more than once during their
elementary years.

A full list of the areas impacted by redistricting is available on the
district's website.

Contact Matt Carey: 610-371-5038 or mcarey@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2016 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160207-RE-Owen-J-Roberts-redistricting-plan-affects
-about-200-students-0207-20160207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2016 Reading Eagle


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday

Live Wire: Different kind of points affect driving privileges, insurance rates

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


Jan. 31--Q: How do you get points on your driving record? Do points affect your
insurance rates? -- A.W., Fayetteville

A: There are two kinds of points that can get attached to your driving record in
North Carolina.

One sort -- license points -- can slam the brakes on your driving privileges.

The other kind can wreck your insurance rates if you're convicted of a moving
traffic violation or found to have caused an accident. The state's Safe Driver
Incentive Plan sets the number of insurance points that can be assessed for
different types of violations or accidents.

In terms of insurance, one point is assigned for relatively minor incidents,
such as speeding no more than 10 mph over the speed limit if said speed limit is
less than 55 mph. The insurance points scale rises from there up to a max of 12,
given for the most serious driving crimes, including manslaughter or negligent
homicide in a car accident and driving while impaired.

Insurance points remain on your record for three years. The more points you
have, the higher your insurance premium. Under the Safe Driver Incentive Plan, a
single point on your driving record raises your insurance premium by 30 percent.
Six points would raise your premium 135 percent; 12 points would raise it 340
percent.

Your driving record has the biggest impact on your insurance premium. But
insurance companies also base their rates on such things as where you live, what
kind of car you drive and how far you drive it each day.

Back to license points: They're assessed against your driving record by the N.C.
Division of Motor Vehicles for driving-related offenses, and their value
increases with the severity of the offense. Littering while driving carries one
license point. Passing a stopped school bus carries five.

If you accumulate seven license points, you may be assigned to a driver
improvement clinic. If you accumulate as many as 12 of these points in a
three-year period, your license can be suspended.

Q: How tall was Daniel Boone? -- J.M., Raeford

A: As tall as a mountain! A 5-foot-8-inch mountain, which might better be
considered a gigantic molehill.

Live Wire seeks to answer questions of general interest and consumer topics.
Initials are used to identify questioners when names are given. Contact Live
Wire at livewire@fayobserver.com or at 486-3516.

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160131-FY-Live-Wire-Different-kind-of-points-affect
-driving-privileges-insurance-rates-0131-20160131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: Absentee vote count today could affect two Erie County races

BYLINE: John Guerriero, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


Nov. 06--Erie County election workers are counting thousands of absentee ballots
today, and the counts could affect at least two close races.

The races include Summit Township supervisor, where Democrat Jack Lee Jr. edged
Republican Tony Davis in Tuesday's unofficial vote count -- 891 to 864.

Another close race is for the fourth seat on the Millcreek School Board, where
the unofficial vote count had board incumbent John DiPlacido, on the Democratic
ballot, narrowly defeating Republican Lou Aliota -- 7,112 to 7,030.

The absentee ballot count began Tuesday night and is continuing today, said Doug
Smith, Erie County clerk of elections. Results are expected sometime this
afternoon, he said.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131106-EI-BRF-Absentee-vote-count-today-could-affect
-two-Erie-County-races-1106-20131106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       AUGUST 28, 1999 Saturday C EDITION

IRS TARGETS EMPLOYEE STOCK PLANS AUDITORS' DEMANDS FOR TAX WITHHOLDING COULD
AFFECT MILLIONS, CUTTING INTO DISCOUNTS WORKERS ENJOY.

BYLINE: Mark Schwanhausser, KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 776 words


In a move that could affect millions of U.S. workers, Internal Revenue Service
auditors have begun demanding that businesses withhold payroll taxes on the
discounts that many employees receive when they buy company stock.

The auditors also say that companies must withhold income taxes in certain cases
when workers sell stock.

The steps would in effect trim the purchase discounts, and create administrative
headaches for companies. Typically, employee stock-purchase plans allow workers
to buy company shares at 85 percent of the market price.

Until now, companies nationwide have not been collecting payroll or income taxes
on stock-purchase plans. Employers and high-tech lobbying groups fume that the
IRS has done an abrupt about-face on rulings dating as far back as 1971.

"We have always been led to believe these plans are not subject to [payroll
taxes] and to withholding taxes," said Gary Stein, director of corporate tax for
EMC Corp. of Hopkinton, Mass. "The [IRS] had a longstanding position on that. .
. . Now, without any notification from them, they're going after high-tech
companies and saying, 'Here's your bill.' "

The IRS policy - which was spelled out in an April advisory - affects the
millions of investors who acquire their company stock through employee
stock-purchase plans. Such plans are estimated to number 2,400 nationwide,
according to the National Center for Employee Ownership in Oakland, Calif.

Although the IRS won't disclose which companies have been audited, tax experts
say they have heard of cases in Boston; San Diego, Calif.; and Boise, Idaho, in
which companies have been challenged.

The audits so far have focused on high-tech companies. The IRS says that is
because employee stock-purchase plans are de rigueur at public high-tech
companies, not because it is cracking down on the industry.

"If you're looking for sports cars, there will be a lot of red ones - not
because you're looking for red cars but because a lot of sports cars are red,"
IRS spokesman Don Roberts in Washington said.

Some observers, however, suggested that high-tech companies, with their zooming
stock prices, made particularly tempting targets because there were more profits
to tax.

Employee stock purchase plans allow workers to set aside part of their paychecks
to buy company stock. The discount typically is pegged to the market price at
the beginning or end of a purchase period.

The audit battle centers on the IRS contention that similar rules should apply
to both stock purchase plans and their cousin, the incentive stock option.
Indeed, both are options that share basic technicalities. In each case, taxes
hinge on such factors as the dates of "grant," the dates of "exercise," and the
spread between the market and purchase prices.

Perhaps most important, however, is whether a transaction constitutes a
"disqualifying disposition." That occurs when an investor sells stock before two
years have elapsed since the grant date or before one year has elapsed since the
exercise - or acquisition - of the shares.

When a disqualifying disposition occurs, the spread between acquisition and
market price is treated as ordinary income and reported on the employee's
year-end W-2 wage statement to the IRS. It then is taxed just like regular
income, at rates ranging from 15 percent to 39.6 percent.

If the stock is held long enough, however, it qualifies for long-term
capital-gains treatment and is taxed at a maximum rate of 20 percent.

Under the practice many companies have followed for years, all taxes are
deferred until the employee sells the shares. As employers see it, there can be
no payroll taxes because there are no wages that employees can jingle in their
pockets. Indeed, they note that employees can be charged too much payroll tax if
stock prices fall between the time of acquisition and the time of sale.

And though companies currently are required to track sales and report whether
income tax is owed in disqualifying dispositions, they contend they are not
required to withhold income tax on those sales.

Critics contend that the audit campaign penalizes a handful of companies and
gives competitors who aren't caught an unfair advantage. And meanwhile, the
dispute immobilizes companies, forcing them to take a conservative approach in
keeping with the IRS stance, or to wait and see what comes of a case that Micron
Technology Inc., of Boise, Idaho, filed in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims.

That case involved withholding issues dating to 1990 and 1991. After losing an
appeal with the IRS, Micron paid the bill and filed suit in hopes of winning a
refund.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    January 24, 2002 Thursday, FINAL Edition

Maine's Enron loss put at $10 million;
The loss is relatively minor for the state's retirement system and will not
affect benefits, officials say.

BYLINE: ALLAN DRURY Staff WriterBeth Murphy, staff researcher, contributed to
this story.

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 621 words


The state retirement system lost $10 million it had invested in Houston-based
energy trader Enron Corp., the system's executive director said Wednesday.

But perspective is important here.

While the loss may sound large, it's barely detectable in a system with total
assets of more than $7 billion. The system's Enron losses were a fraction of 1
percent of those assets.

"Unlike people whose life savings went away because of Enron, the losses for us
were relatively small," said Kay Evans, executive director of the Maine State
Retirement System.

Bert Smoluk, an assistant professor of finance at the University of Southern
Maine, agreed with Evans. He said the pension system's experience with Enron
shows the importance of diversification for investors.

"It sounds like the retirement system didn't have a very large position in
Enron," he said. "That's the effect of diversification. You want to spread your
money out as much as possible so a significant loss in one company doesn't
affect your portfolio that much."

And since the system is what's called a "defined benefit plan," losses and gains
do not affect the benefits of individual retirees, Evans said.

Instead, benefits are determined by the number of years an employee put in on
the job, the employee's earnings and the rate at which benefits accrue, Evans
said.

"You'll notice the absence of any mention of whether the market is moving up or
down," she said. "This Enron event has absolutely no effect on benefits."

Evans said she and her staff have had to explain that to several retirees who
called her office concerned that their checks might shrink because of Enron's
downfall.

The state retirement system provides pensions for 30,000 retired state workers,
teachers and other former school employees.

Nationwide, the retirement funds of teachers, firefighters and other public
employees lost more than $1 billion from the Enron collapse. But officials in
many of those states have said neither the retirement of individual employees
nor the stability of the pension funds are in danger because the losses were
equal to only a small fraction of the funds' assets.

In Washington state, for instance, the fund lost $103 million, but the fund's
assets are $54 billion.

Attorneys general in Georgia, Ohio and Washington are vying to become lead
plaintiffs in a class-action suit to recoup some of the money the pension funds
in those states lost.

Agencies overseeing pension funds in Florida, New York City and California's
university system have also asked to be lead plaintiffs in the class-action
lawsuit.

The losses suffered by funds ranges from $4.7 million in Rhode Island to $300
million in Florida.

Jeannie Mattson, a spokeswoman for Maine Attorney General Steven Rowe, said
Maine has not sought to become a plaintiff in the suit.

A spokesman for Enron, which last month filed the biggest Chapter 11 bankruptcy
case in history, did not return a phone call Wednesday to comment on the states'
action against the company.

Along with the bankruptcy, the company's legal headaches include investigations
by several congressional committees, the Justice Department, the Securities and
Exchange Commission and other agencies.

Maine's system, which hires investment managers to manage the money, had
investments in Enron stock through two index funds, Evans said. Index funds take
investors' money and use it to buy the stock of a number of different companies.

The Maine system also had investments in Enron through bonds, she said.

The managers liquidated the Enron holdings by the end of November, she said.


Staff Writer Allan Drury can be contacted at 791-6461 or at:

adrury@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2017 Sunday

BRIEF: Greenup locks and dam work to affect bridge

BYLINE: The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 195 words


Feb. 12--GREENUP -- Rescheduled work at the Greenup locks and dam beginning next
week will affect traffic across the Jesse Stuart Memorial Bridge on Kentucky
Route 10, which connects Kentucky to Ohio over the Ohio River.

Under a Kentucky Transportation Cabinet permit, contractors working for the U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers will restrict bridge traffic to one lane, beginning
Thursday, Feb. 16, and continuing for several weeks. Traffic will be controlled
using temporary signals, during daylight hours only. Schedules are subject to
change depending on weather.

Heavy traffic across the bridge could create lengthy wait times at signals. A
detour will not be marked, but motorists may seek alternate routes between Ohio
and Kentucky using bridges at Ashland, Russell or Portsmouth to avoid the wait.

Roadwork schedules are subject to change depending on weather conditions.
Motorists are asked to heed all warning signs, slow down in work zones and
remain aware of workers and construction equipment when traveling.

___ (c)2017 The Ironton Tribune (Ironton, Ohio) Visit The Ironton Tribune
(Ironton, Ohio) at www.irontontribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170212-1IR-BRF-Greenup-locks-and-dam-work-to-affect
-bridge-0212-20170212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2017 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Port Arthur News (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

FANTASY FOOTBALL: Seattle/Green Bay fiasco affects fantasy, too

BYLINE: David Coleman, The Port Arthur News, Texas

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1128 words


Sept. 27--I've seen some things in my life, but never have I seen one play, one
call so completely change the outcome of a week.

In case you were under a rock Monday night and didn't go near a TV or the
Internet since, I'm referring to the absolutely horrible call that ended the
Seattle/Green Bay game Monday night. Let's recap what happened quickly:

Down 12-7, Seattle's Russell Wilson threw a Hail Mary into the end zone. Packers
cornerback M.D. Jennings out jumped everyone and was the first player to lay
hands on the ball. Seahawks receiver Golden Tate pushed a Packers DB down and
should have been called for offensive pass interference but wasn't. He went up
with Jennings and tried to get him arms around the ball. They hit the ground
with Jennings cradling the ball on his chest and Tate reaching in to hold on.
Two referees ran over. One signaled incomplete, one called it a touchdown. They
reviewed it, said the call stands and the Seahawks won the game.

Despite being absolutely flabbergasted about how they made the call they did (or
that they could act like the second guy didn't call it incomplete), this play
just delighted me.

I was only half-watching the game, working on stuff and had the game on mute. As
soon as the play happened, I got a call from my friend, who was just as
incredulous as I was.

Then, I hopped on Twitter and my delight tripled. Twitter was made for things
like that, where everyone is reacting at the same time to a shared experience.
From T.J. Lang's shocking tweets to a Wisconsin politician sending out Roger
Goodell's phone number, It was a ball hearing everyone having so much fun
ripping this thing to pieces. Troy Freakin' Aikman tweeted and got retweedes
about 50,000 times in my timeline. It was simply amazing and so much fun.

Back to the point, though. Not only did one horrible call by replacement
officials who weren't good enough to work in the PAC-12 or the Lingerie Football
League (no, seriously), but the playoffs could have been affected. What if
Seattle wins its division by a game? Or the Packers fall a game short of the
wild card?

Here, though, we just care about fantasy football. How many matchups do you
think turned on that play? Maybe someone started Russell Wilson, or, more
likely, the Packers defense or Golden Tate? One bad call decided countless
fantasy matchups! How does that happen?

That's why I focused on this up top. I want to know if you had a matchup decided
by that play. Send me your story at  dcoleman@panews.com and I'll print the best
of them in next week's column.

Until then, lets get a fake mailbag slapped together in honor of the fake refs.
If you want your questions answered here, email me at the address previously
mentioned or on Twitter at @MDavidColeman.

GAH!!! I didn't play Jamaal Charles on Sunday and put in Ben Tate instead! That
was like a 35 point swing, since Tate had minus-1 and Jamaal had approximately
50,000. Am I safe to keep Charles in the lineup from now on?

-- Dave R., Dallas

I feel for you, I really do. I can also understand it. Reports had Jamaal
dealing with a bruise on his surgically repaired knee and he didn't play much,
at all, in the second half against Buffalo. When you add in what the new
coaching staff has done to his carries to start the season, I bet plenty of
owners didn't have him in the lineup.

Still, he should be there from now on. You probably drafted Jamaal highly to get
him on your team. Guys like that, you have to just leave in the lineup every
week. Imagine if you benched Darren McFadden after his poor Week 2 performance.

Basically, you drafted a guy to be a starter, so play them unless they are ruled
out. When you start trying to outthink yourself on matchups with the rest of
your roster, you can get burned fast...as fast as Jamaal went down the sideline
against New Orleans, in fact.

What's going on with all these quarterbacks? I thought Rodgers, Brady and Brees
were supposed to be safe week-to-week plays that were elite enough to win me a
league? What's up with that?

-- Ray C., Port Neches

The theory behind the QB madness this year was sound. At that position, more
than anything else, you need an elite player to win your league right now.
Someone who can score 30 points a game consistently, because guys who get around
20 per game will leave you vulnerable against those top QBs. Since most leagues
only start one QB, it's much harder to gain an edge there than with wide
receivers or running backs.

That's why people drafted QBs early. It just so happens that Brady's offensive
line has looked weak, Rodgers' o-line has looked worse, and Brees has a case of
the INTs. Instead of those guys, it's been the Joe Flacco's of the world who
have produced at an elite level.

It's only been three weeks, though. There is still plenty of time for Brady,
Rodgers and Brees to reassert themselves. If you're rolling Phillip Rivers out
there each week, it may not be a bad time to go to one of those owners and try
to swing a trade. Buying low on them might help push you into the playoffs when
they take off.

What do those injury designations actually mean? Should I play Reggie Bush or
wait on him? Will he be as good when he comes back?

-- Krissy V., Port Arthur

First off, great question right here. In theory, the injury coding system works
something like this. "Probable" means there is a 75 percent chance that player
will go on Sunday. "Questionable" means it's down to 50 percent and "Doubtful"
means it's down to 25 percent. Of course, guys like Bill Belichick will list
someone as questionable just to mess with us, as he did with Brandon Lloyd prior
to Sunday night's game. Lloyd only finished with his first 100-yard receiving
game as a Patriot.

Now, onto Bush. The knee injury is worrisome, but his backups aren't exactly
going to Mikell Leshure him or anything. This is still Bush's job to lose. Once
he comes back, he should be a prominent member of this offense and may be the
only part that functions until Ryan Tannehill gets his sea legs under him.

Is Golden Tate a viable fantasy option now?

-- Jill H., Nederland

I'll answer your question with a question: will replacement refs be working all
his games moving forward?

More seriously, Tate may be the best receiving option on that team right now,
but I have to think Sidney Rice deserves a spot on your team more than he does.
Plus, the Seahawks are the only team in the NFL with more rushing yards than
passing yards. Do you really want to grab someone who's not the lead receiver
off that team?

David Coleman writes a weekly fantasy column. He can be reached at
dcoleman@panews.com and on Twitter at @MDavidColeman.

___ (c)2012 The Port Arthur News (Port Arthur, Texas) Visit The Port Arthur News
(Port Arthur, Texas) at panews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120927-ZH-FANTASY-FOOTBALL-Seattle-Green-Bay-fiasco-affects
-fantasy-too-0927-20120927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZH


                      Copyright 2012 The Port Arthur News


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Woodward News (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 15, 2012 Saturday

West Nile Virus can also affect horses

BYLINE: Gary Engel, The Woodward News, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


Sept. 15--OKLAHOMA CITY -- While much of the focus of West Nile Virus (WNV) is
currently on how it affects humans, state veterinarians are also urging
protection for horses.

The Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry (ODAFF) reports that 3
horses have been positively diagnosed with WNV.

"The bird population is the reservoir for the virus, and it's then spread by
mosquitos to humans and horses," said the Assistant State Veterinarian, Dr.
Michael Herrin.

He said the most likely WNV-carrier mosquitos lay eggs in small pools of
standing water.

"The mosquitos then transmit the virus after they feed on birds carrying it, and
within 10 to 14 days, WNV can be transmitted to horses and humans by the
mosquitos," he said.

SYMPTOMS OF EXPOSURE

The State Veterinarian, Dr. Rod Hall, said of infected horses, "we notice their
neurological responses. They may stay down, or butt their heads against a wall."

Herrin said the additional signs of a WNV horse infection may also include
weakness, fever, lack of coordination, seizures and blindness.

Herrin said there are several vaccines available to treat equines, and he
encouraged horse owners to consult a veterinarian for development of a treatment
protocol.

"Generally, a horse needs 2 doses of medication, about 3 to 4 weeks apart," Hall
said. "Then, like in animals who have never had WNV, they should get a dose
annually."

STOPPING WNV SPREAD

The elimination of standing water reduces the risk of WNV spreading, Herrin
said.

"Horse owners should not let water stagnate in tanks or bird baths, and turn
over wheelbarrows," he said.

When possible, he said that, as for humans, outdoor exposure at dusk and dawn
should be limited.

"This is when the mosquitos that carry WNV are most active," he said.

Contact Herrin for more information at (405) 522-6142 or
michael.herrin@ag.ok.gov

___ (c)2012 The Woodward News (Woodward, Okla.) Visit The Woodward News
(Woodward, Okla.) at woodwardnews.net Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120915-ZR-West-Nile-Virus-can-also-affect-horses-0915-20120915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZR


                        Copyright 2012 The Woodward News


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday

NRC waste storage study won't affect Millstone

BYLINE: Judy Benson, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


Sept. 08--Attorney General George Jepsen's announcement Friday of his support
for a new Nuclear Regulatory Commission study of on-site storage of nuclear
waste at nuclear power plants will have no impact on the Millstone Power Station
in Waterford or its plans to expand on-site waste storage.

Jepsen's statement Friday was in response to a recent NRC decision to direct
staff to produce an Environmental Impact Statement on its 2010 finding that
spent nuclear fuel could be stored safely at power plant sites for up to 60
years after a plant closed. Before that, the NRC had said spent fuel could be
stored safely on site for 30 years after the decommissioning of a reactor.

The 2010 finding was challenged in court by Connecticut, New York and New
Jersey, among others. In a June decision, the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia said the rule change could not become final without an
impact statement or "finding of no significant environmental impact" as required
by the Environmental Policy Act of 1969. The statement is an analysis of the
effects of a federal action on various aspects of the environment, alternative
actions and steps that could be taken to minimize effects.

Since the ruling, the NRC has said it would develop an Environmental Impact
Statement within the next two years, along with a revised finding about the
rules for storage of spent nuclear fuel.

NRC spokesman Neil Sheehan said the issue pertains only to new plants seeking
licenses and to existing plants seeking license renewals. Existing plants with
current licenses, such as Millstone Units 2 and 3, would not be affected.

Susan Kinsman, spokesman for the Attorney General's Office, said Connecticut's
main interest in the issue pertains to the Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant in
Buchanan, N.Y., which is within 30 miles of the state border. The license for
one of the two operating reactors there is set to expire next year, and the
other is set to expire in 2015. New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo has called for a
shutdown of the plants.

Ken Holt, spokesman for Millstone owner Dominion, said the company had no
comment on the NRC's decision or the attorney general's statement Friday.

Millstone plans to submit an application to the Connecticut Siting Council
within the next month for a sevenfold expansion of its capacity for on-site
storage of spent nuclear fuel. It currently has 19 dry cask storage units on
site and already has permission to build up to 40 units.

This summer, however, the company announced plans to seek permission to build
135 units, enough to contain all the spent fuel for all three plants on the site
for their entire lifespan. In addition to Units 2 and 3, the site also houses
the decommissioned Unit 1 plant.

j.benson@theday.com

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120908-NL-NRC-waste-storage-study-won-t-affect-Millstone-0908-20120908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

Company to discuss horizontal drilling, how it affects Enid landowners

BYLINE: Joe Malan, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


Oct. 28--ENID  Horizontal drilling will be the subject of a Monday meeting
Oklahoma Corporation Commission is holding at Continental Resources.

At the meeting, landowners, geologists and engineers will speak and make a
presentation about the issues of horizontal drilling by natural gas producers in
Oklahoma.

They will talk about how horizontal drilling works and how it affects
landowners.

Brian Engel, vice president of public affairs for Continental Resources, said
the company has been a "pioneer" in horizontal drilling.

"Horizontal drilling has been a cornerstone technology (for Continental
Resources), coupled with fracture completion technology," Engel said.

Following an unsuccessful vertical drilling operation in 1989 in Montana,
Continental found a large oil field in southwestern North Dakota, which was the
first field drilled in the U.S. strictly with horizontal wells.

Engel said the company always has worked well with landowners in completing
horizontal drilling projects.

"Having good relationships with landowners is a priority for us," he said.

He said he encourages mineral and surface owners to attend and ask whatever
questions they have. There will be technical employees on hand from Continental
Resources to answer questions and concerns from attendees.

Corporation Commissioner Dana Murphy will attend the meeting, which will be at
5:30 p.m. Monday at Continental Center North Building in the Grand Ballroom on
the second floor.

Murphy said when she began her tenure as corporation commissioner, she wanted to
take the office out into the community and listened to the different issues that
might concern residents.

She said the horizontal drilling meeting is an example of the commission doing
just that.

Murphy, who has held several meetings in other cities and towns across Oklahoma,
said they have been popular.

"At the last one we did in El Reno, there were about 230 people," Murphy said.

To see more of the Enid News & Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enidnews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101028-EK-Company-to-discuss-horizontal-drilling-how-it-affects
-Enid-landowners-1028-20101028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2010 Enid News & Eagle


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 24, 2000, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

EXPRESS YOUR IDEAS ON ISSUES THAT AFFECT US ALL

SECTION: IMAGINE ST. LOUIS, Pg. F1

LENGTH: 298 words


When social issues are discussed, the focus is usually on urban areas. But in
this region, many of the problems and situations that affect city and suburban
dwellers also affect residents of rural areas. Housing is one of those. Imagine
St. Louis this week examines housing problems that affect our neighbors in rural
communities. On Imagine St. Louis' television program, host Myriam Wright of
KMOV-TV (Channel 4) and Post-Dispatch reporter Norm Parish explore the issue
with Carla Potts, of the North East Community Action Corp. of Bowling Green,
Mo., and Becky K. Eftink, who works in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
rural development program in Columbia, Mo.

"IMAGINE ST. LOUIS ON THE AIR"

WHERE: KMOV-TV (Channel 4).

WHEN: 10 a.m. Sunday.

WRITE OR CALL US

Please tell us what you think about ways to make good housing available to all
the people of the region. The shorter the communication the better, and the more
likely to be published. When you write, please give us the name of the community
in which you live. Unless you tell us otherwise, all communications are
considered fair game for publication.

* Send us a letter:

Imagine St. Louis

St. Louis Post-Dispatch

900 N. Tucker Boulevard

St. Louis, Mo. 63101

* Send us an e-mail: imaginestl@postnet.com

* Send us a fax: 314-340-3050

TALK ONLINE TO OTHER CITIZENS

Participate in the Imagine St. Louis survey on providing decent housing for all.
What is the best way to provide housing for the poor in urban and rural areas?
Build units specifically for the poor? Provide vouchers for them to use on the
urban market? Guarantee jobs with living wages?

Let us know your ideas about housing and all Imagine issues at
www.postnet.com/imagine

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: PROVIDING DECENT HOUSING FOR ALL THE PEOPLE IN THE REGION

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Color Graphic / Logo - 4 KMOV ST. LOUIS (Channel 4)

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 5, 2017

                           Oral Health Products, Inc

                                 PO Box 470623
                                  Tulsa 74147
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Oral Health Products, Inc. (Oral Health Products) is a manufacturer and marketer
of oral care products. Quality certification and wide distribution network are
the company's major strengths, whereas narrow product portfolio remains major
area of concern. In the future, stringent regulations, rising counterfeit goods
market and rising labor wages could affect its growth. However, growth of
web-based stores, increase in consumer spending in the US and increase in
healthcare spending in the US are likely to provide growth opportunities to the
company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
WIDE DISTRIBUTION NETWORK
Oral Health Products has wide distribution network in the US consisting of a
number of distributors across the country. The distributors include Nichols
Hills Drug, Medic Pharmacy, Evans Drug Company, Osborn Drug, Holder Drug,
Reddik's Country Living Store, 2nurture, Platt College, and Swann Pharmacy. The
company's products are available in all the states of the US. Oral Health
Products' products are also sold through distributors across Israel, Australia,
New Zealand, Japan, Taiwan, Italy, Northern Africa and the Middle East. The
company offers its products through its online store,www.buypoh.com, which
provides information on oral hygiene. Wide distribution network enables the
company to reach a broad range of customer base and provides a competitive
advantage.
QUALITY CERTIFICATION
Oral Health Products primarily offers clinical grade personal oral hygiene
supplies. The company was founded by a certified dentist, which provides
assurance to customers that its products are authenticated. Oral Health
Products' manufacturing facility is located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the US, is ISO
9001-2008 certified. This further improves customer confidence in the company
and its products.

WEAKNESSES:
NARROW PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Narrow product portfolio could impact the company's business during any adverse
developments in the industry. Oral Health Products' main product offerings
include dental floss and tooth brush. These products fall under a very narrow
range, which could increase its business risk. On the other hand, its global
counterparts offer a broad portfolio of products in the segment. Its OraLine
offers toothbrush, toothpaste, dental floss and interdental products. Similarly,
BrightstarTech provides health and beauty products, oral hygiene products,
biotech products, home products, and personal protection products. Furthermore,
Panacea Dental Products offers dental floss, promotional floss sachets and hotel
amenities which helps to diversify the various risks associated with the
over-dependence on a particular product category.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
Oral Health Products could benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the
US. According to a recent report by The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA),
in August 2016, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 0.2% or US$39.3
billion and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.2% or US$31.9
billion. The real DPI increased by 0.1% in August 2016, the same increase as
compared to July 2015. Growing personal income, disposable personal income and
personal consumption expenditures may lead to increasing demand for jewelry in
the region. As Oral Health Products principally operates in the US, it may
benefit from the increasing consumer spending in the US.
GROWTH OF WEB-BASED STORES
The company stands to benefit from growing e-commerce industry in the US.
According to the report published by the Census Bureau of the Department of
Commerce in August 2016, the estimated retail e-commerce sales in the US for the
second quarter of 2016 was US$97.3 billion, an increase of 4.5% from the first
quarter of 2016. The estimated retail e-commerce sales in the US for the second
quarter of 2016 were increased by 15.8% from the second quarter of 2015.
E-commerce sales in the second quarter of 2016 accounted for 7.5% of total
sales. The company's products are sold through e-commerce portal
www.biocurv.com. By providing assurance to customers about credit card payment
security and timely delivery at minimal cost, more product information and
availability, user-friendly features and other technological enhancements, the
company may further enhance its online sales and benefit from increased
revenues.
INCREASE IN HEALTHCARE SPENDING IN THE US
The company stands benefit from the growing health and beauty market in the US.
According to an in-house research, the US health and beauty market was valued at
US$77.1 billion in 2014 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3% during 2014-2019
to reach US$89.5 billion in 2019. The personal care products are to grow at a
CAGR of 2% during 2014-2019. Since the Oral Health products offers oral care
products, increase in healthcare spending may benefit the company in achieving
increased revenue.

THREATS:
STRINGENT REGULATIONS
Oral Health Products is subject to local, regional and global laws and
regulations in the diverse areas of trademarks, product safety, patents, product
claims, copyright, competition, employee health and safety, listing and
disclosure, the environment, corporate governance, employment and taxes. The
company's business is regulated by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
These agencies oversee compliance with the regulations outlined in the act. For
instance, in the US, the food, drug and cosmetics industry is regulated by the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The FDA oversees compliance with the
regulations outlined in the act. The FDA may conduct investigations and
examinations of products. It may also inspect establishments in which products
are manufactured or held, and may seize adulterated or misbranded products. The
FDA regulates products worth US$1 trillion per year and ensures the safety of
all drugs, biological products, medical devices, animal drugs, feed and all
food. Failure to comply with any of the laws and regulations could expose the
company to civil and/or criminal actions leading to fines, damages and criminal
sanctions. Also changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect the
company's business. For instance, regulations related to tax and their
interpretation changes regularly, which may lead the company to the risk of
unexpected tax exposure. Oral Health Products has to incur significant cost to
comply with the regulations, which increase its operating costs.
RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS MARKET
Oral Health Products' business may be affected as a result of huge influx of
counterfeit products. The huge influx of counterfeit products could affect the
company's business operations. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise could
lower the company's sales and affect its profit margins. Customers could
mistakenly purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, low quality of the
products affect consumer confidence and spoils the brand image of the genuine
company. According to the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC),
counterfeiting and piracy are estimated to cost G20 countries over US$125
billion every year. It is also estimated that approximately 2.5 million jobs
could be destroyed by counterfeiting and piracy. Through low price offerings,
the imitated goods affect the company's financial performance and brand image.
RISING LABOR WAGES
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees result in an increase in labor costs. The federal minimum
wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The
minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$7.2 per hour in January 2016. The 29
states and the District of Columbia have minimum wages more than federal rate.
These wages range from US$7.5 per hour in Maine and New Mexico to US$10.5 per
hour in Washington, D.C. The minimum wage in California increased to US$10 per
hour in January 2016. Such rise in minimum wages could increase its operating
costs, which in turn would affect its profit margins.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Ames Tribune, Iowa

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

ISU profs develop way to help protect power grid

BYLINE: Julie Erickson, Ames Tribune, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


Jan. 29--A cyber attack last month on many of Ukraine's power substations left
hundreds of cities blacked out.

Subsequently, countries around the world are toughening up their cyber security
systems on the grid, and professors and students at Iowa State University are
helping to improve security within the U.S.

Doug Jacobson, a university professor of electrical and computer engineering,
said the grid could be at risk of a cyber attack because it is interconnected,
as far as computer control, and the chance of causing a mass power outage could
become a dramatic physical attack.

"If you were to shut down the Ames water plant, you affect Ames. That's bad, but
you affect Ames," he said. "The power grid is so connected that an outage could
affect Alliant, MidAmerica, Ames Municipal with one massive cyber attack. Due to
the interconnection of the grid, a well-carried-out cyber attack could affect an
extremely large area."

Jacobson and Manimaran Govindarasu, ISU's Ross Martin Mehl and Marylyne Mehl
computer engineering professor, are helping industry professionals and students
learn more about protecting the cyber grid through the creation of "PowerCyber."

The testbed was developed with support from the National Science Foundation and
the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and the U.S. Department of Energy is
supporting ISU cyber defense projects. It incorporates multiple parts of the
power grid, including communications networks, software, power lines, towers and
more, and combines it with virtual Internet technology. The technology was based
on the Internet-Scale Event and Attack Generation Environment (ISEAGE), a
simulated Internet Jacobson developed with support from the U.S. Department of
Justice.

ISEAGE has been used in previous Cyber Defense Competitions (CDCs) at ISU and in
two weeks, Jacobson and ISU will host the country's first Cyber-Physical System
Cyber Defense Competition, which will also incorporate a software version of
PowerCyber. The eight-hour competition will ask teams of students and industry
professionals to protect their grid systems against cyber attacks.

While the CDC will include a software version of the testbed, Jacobson said
students have access to 3-D printed city models as a way to visualize the power
or water outages, and the full-scale facility incorporates the same physical
equipment used by power companies to control substations.

"We can build a full model of the power grid all the way from cyber to modeling
the physical effects of a generator going out. So that's what makes this a
rather unique testbed. It's not all just software simulation, we're doing some
real modeling of the grid," he said. "The beauty of what we've designed with
this testbed is the ability to go down to an all-software version we could use
at CDCs, or we've taken it to Washington to do training. But it goes all the way
up to the full-scale facility, where we can do in-depth studies of the power
grid."

Matt Brown, a graduate student in the Department of Electrical and Computer
Engineering, has been researching with PowerCyber, and is helping to develop the
upcoming CDC competition. By using the system, he said students and industry
professionals could better understand security challenges like the Ukraine
attack.

"It shows some of the worst impacts you could have from some kind of cyber
security flaw," he said. "In normal IT security, you're talking about possible
personal, financial information. There's a lot of big impacts, but there's a lot
of shock value in the possibility of a physical result of a cyber attack.
Hopefully, that kind of shock value will wake people up into taking some of the
security problems in the power grid and starting to address them."

Jacobson said the testbed can also help ISU students improve their job
opportunities, as he said many large companies are looking for employees who
have cyber security experience.

"Almost every manufacturing floor in the country is controlled by the same
equipment that controls the power grid," he said. "So they're very interested in
having students have this knowledge."

___ (c)2016 the Ames Tribune, Iowa Visit the Ames Tribune, Iowa at
www.amestrib.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160129-1AT-ISU-profs-develop-way-to-help-protect-power-grid-0129-20160129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AT


                          Copyright 2016 Ames Tribune


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Large scale project will affect daily commutes

BYLINE: Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


July 28--Fourteen New Bern streets will be repaired and repaved over what is
expected to be a four-month project that will affect motorists and pedestrians.

This week, Barnhill Contracting Company crews began work to repair and resurface
a section of Trent Road from Simmons Street to First Street, which the city is
responsible for maintaining.

Fort Totten Drive, Second/Rhem Street, Third Street, Fifth Street, Ninth Street
and portions of Pollock Street will be included in this phase of the project.

Once completed, Trent Road will feature one lane in each direction, a new center
turning lane, and 5-foot bike lanes on each side.

This phase of the resurfacing project is expected to last about three weeks.

Once Trent Road is finished, work crews will move north to the second phase of
the project. This will include Contentnea Avenue from National to Fayetteville,
and Neuse Avenue from National to Greensboro.

The third phase of the project includes Chestnut Avenue, Pembroke Avenue and
College Street.

The fourth and final phase of the street resurfacing project includes Elizabeth
Avenue from H.J. MacDonald Middle School to Tobiano Drive.

"We chose these streets based on several criteria," said Matt Montanye, director
of Public Works. "First, we looked at the 'high priority' streets listed in the
city's 2014 Street Condition Survey. Then, we looked at which streets are highly
traveled. And finally, we looked at location to ensure that all of the work was
not being done in one general area."

Completion of each phase of this project is largely dependent upon the extent of
repair needed on the roadways and the weather, Montanye said. We're hoping for a
nice stretch of milder weather so that we can complete these projects on
schedule.

Work will begin first thing in the morning and last through the evening commute
to mill the surface of the roads, repair them and eventually repave them. The
contractor will make every effort to maintain at least one lane of traffic flow
during the resurfacing project, staged with traffic control personnel.

However, motorists should expect delays. Motorists and pedestrians are
encouraged to avoid road construction areas. If you must use these routes, use
extreme caution when navigating your way through the work zone.

"Our goal is to work every opportunity possible to get this large scale project
finished as quickly and efficiently as possible," Montanye said.

Questions or concerns during the construction of this project can be
communicated to City of New Bern Public Works at 639-7501 or email
montanyem@newbern-nc.org and reference the street resurfacing project.

___ (c)2015 Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.)
at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150728-NS-Large-scale-project-will-affect-daily-commutes-20150728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2015 Sun Journal


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

BRIEF: Tax increase will affect land and vehicles

BYLINE: Jonece Dunigan, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


March 31--MOULTON -- Lawrence County Revenue Commissioner Tommy Praytor said the
proposed 10-mill property tax increase will affect both land and vehicles if
passed by voters on April 28.

Praytor said in general, county residents will pay $100 more per year for every
$100,000 in property. Individuals who own land but do not occupy the property
assessed at $100,000 will pay $200 extra per year because the land is assessed
differently.

The Lawrence County Board of Education is pushing for the referendum to pass in
order to fill a $2.1 million hole that is predicted to hit the budget during the
2017-18 school year.

Read more about the referendum in Wednesday's Decatur Daily.

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150331-DD-BRF-Tax-increase-will-affect-land-and-vehicles-0331-20150331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority: Bond lawsuit could affect bids

BYLINE: Brian Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 804  words


A lawsuit pending before the Minnesota Supreme Court that challenges the
constitutionality of the planned bond sale for the Vikings stadium project could
affect remaining subcontractor bids for the $975 million project, according to
the chair of the Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority.

Board chair Michele Kelm-Helgen said Friday that about $363 million worth of
contracts remain to be let for the new downtown Minneapolis stadium, nearly half
of the project's $763 million construction budget.

"Any kind of cloud hanging over this can affect the kind of bids that we get,
can affect the way people look at this project," Kelm-Helgen said Friday, in
reference to the lawsuit. "It's important that we get this resolved. "

Asked about the potential impact on bids, Mortenson Construction director of
operations Allen Troshinsky said, "I would say let's see how things play out. We
don't have another bid package coming out for at least two months. "

The project team hopes it will be resolved long before then.

As of Friday, the bond sale has not been rescheduled. The good news, Kelm-Helgen
said, is that the Minnesota Supreme Court appears to be moving quickly to make a
ruling.

Three Minneapolis residents, including former mayoral candidate Doug Mann, filed
the lawsuit a week ago. The filing prompted the Minnesota Management and Budget
department to postpone the planned Jan. 13-14 bond sale.

Kelm Helgen said the bond sale money is needed to pay contractors and to close
on acquisitions of adjacent properties - known as the "DTE" and "Block 1"
properties -- that are necessary to meet some of the stadium's parking needs.

The property acquisitions also tie in with plans for the $400 million Downtown
East mixed use development next to the stadium site.

The MSFA is scheduled to close on the acquisitions on Jan. 23.

In court papers, the authority said delays in the bond sale could jeopardize the
planned July 2016 opening. The MSFA and MMB have asked the Minnesota Supreme
Court to dismiss the lawsuit.

Meanwhile, the stadium project team is getting bigger.

The newest subcontractors are St. Paul-based Harris Cos. ($86 million contract
for mechanical work, including pipefitting and plumbing), St. Paul-based Berwald
Roofing ($3.5 million), and "Build 23," a joint venture of St. Paul-based
Gephart Electric and Fridley-based Parsons Electric ($58 million), Mortenson
said Friday.

As previously reported by Finance & Commerce, Maplewood-based MG McGrath was
hired to furnish and install exterior metal panels for the new stadium, a $27.4
million contract.

So far, the project team has awarded about $400 million in contracts, including
about $100 million to women- and minority-owned firms. More contracts will be
finalized in the next few weeks, according to Troshinsky.

"There's about a dozen that we have gotten to the point where we have selected,
made recommendations, and now it's going through the approval process,"
Troshinsky said.

On the construction side, about 160,000 cubic yards of dirt have been removed
from the project site, nearly 20 percent of the 850,000 total, he said.

Crews are also getting started with "drilled piers," the deep foundation that
the building will rest on. Work has started on seven of the 330 piers that
eventually go in, Troshinsky said.

Next week, crews will start to erect the first of five tower cranes, and the
demolition of loading docks will begin.

"Physical changes to the building will begin to be noticed within the next week
or so," Troshinsky said.

Interior demolition of the 31-year-old Metrodome is also progressing, including
the removal and resale of seats. On Saturday, power to the building is scheduled
to be cut off, and the Metrodome's air-supported roof will deflate.

Little Canada-based Frattalone Cos., the demolition contractor, will reuse or
recycle more than 90 percent of "everything in the dome," including the roof,
which will be cut up and repurposed as tarps, Kelm-Helgen said.

"It's really already a shell of a stadium," Kelm-Helgen said.

In other business, five businesses submitted proposals to provide "special
inspections and quality control" services, including concrete testing and steel
inspection, according to the MSFA.

The budget for that work is $3.5 million. The proposers are Element Materials
Technology (steel inspection), American Engineering Testing, Braun Intertec,
Professional Services Industries, and Terracon.

"We hope to negotiate the best deal we can with the best contractor that we
can," MSFA executive director Ted Mondale said.

Also Friday, the MSFA board voted unanimously to approve a $25,000 annual pay
raise for Kelm-Helgen, who was drawing an annual salary of $102,000. Kelm-Helgen
abstained.

http://www.finance-commerce.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   Herald Sun

                            October 23, 1990 Tuesday

Smile - and keep illness at bay

BYLINE: NAUNTON E

LENGTH: 979 words


SMILE. It could be good for your health. If someone responds with a happy grin,
both of you may have boosted, if only momentarily, your bodies' resistance to
infection.

On the other hand, if you get a bellicose response - along the lines of "Who
d'ya think you're grinning at?" - don't respond angrily.Hostility is bad for
your heart.

Smiles and scowls are the window dressing of mood. A few psychologists'
suggestions that facial expressions affect body chemistry are, at best,
tentative.

Nevertheless, the science of physical and psychological interaction is proving
how mood affects the body's resistance to illness, whether it be a head cold,
cancer or AIDS.

New scanning equipment allows scientists actually to see fear and anxiety change
the pattern of blood flow in certain parts of the brain.

"I think we are on the threshold of an explosion in knowledge about human
functioning," says Dr Sanford Cohen, who heads the new centre for Stress and
Clinical Biobehavioral Medicine at the University of Miami School of Medicine.

"As the knowledge of the brain is increasing, I would expect good things to
happen quickly," he says.

But could a smile be, as it were, an umbrella to shelter us from ill health? "I
can't say we have absolute evidence that that nice idea is true," Cohen says.
"But a lot of research currently going on certainly suggests that possibility."
Researchers are finding that attitude and behavior affect the autonomic nervous
system.

Technically, that system, which regulates such mechanisms as heartbeat, blood
pressure, sweating, hormone release, digestion, chills and flushing, is beyond
our control.

If we run or play a hard set of tennis, we know we will get hot and sweaty and
increase our heart rate. But fear and emotional upset produce similar results -
and we feel we can't do anything about that.

Or can we? Some research has shown that people who exercise or practice
meditation regularly have a baseline of calm good health that allows their
bodies to react to stress, then return more swiftly to the baseline than people
who are not in such good shape.

"One study shows that if we assume facial expressions of happiness, we can
increase blood flow to the brain and stimulate release of favorable
neurotransmitters," writes Blair Justice, a psychology professor at the
University of Texas Health Science Centre in Houston.

Fear, like physical stress (for instance surgery) causes changes in the function
of certain hormone-producing glands.

It is also believed feelings of helplessness and depression affect the body's
immune system, although it is still not understood how.

DR Bernie Siegel, a New Haven, Connecticut, surgeon and best-selling author on
the connection between emotions and healing, talks of "a single, intergrated
entity, a 'bodymind'." Siegel describes how chemical transmitters, called
peptides, "make possible the move from perception or thought or feeling in the
mind to hormonal secretions and down to cellular action in the body - then back
again to the mind and brain in a never-ending feedback loop." One peptide-rich
area lines the intestines, another the stomach.

"You've heard of gut reactions, well, it now appears that there is literal,
physiological truth to the expression," writes Siegel.

"In fact, the emotions seem to be everywhere in the body, not just the brain."
"Some things we may not totally understand," he says.

A grimace or a scowl affects the autonomic nervous system, says Dr.Paul Ekman at
the University of California, San Francisco.

"Putting on a polite expression, going to a social gathering in which one has to
smile and be polite, may actually change how one feels," Ekman wrote in 1984.He
suggests that psychologists might help depressed or anxious persons simply by
instructing them to adopt more cheerful expressions.

ANYONE who has ever been told to "cheer up" when feeling down might doubt this.
However, Ekman is convinced he's on to something.

Speaking softly slows the heart rate, Justice says.

"Being enthusiastic - as opposed to cynical or hostile - may help protect
against the risk of heart disease." But can mood affect whether we become ill
from a virus? Is there such a thing as mind over immune system? Studies at the
University of Miami School of Medicine have shown that exercise and
stress-management training can increase the level of T-4 cells in the immune
system - the same cells depressed by the AIDS virus.

Studies are continuing to define the role of behavior modification in possibly
slowing the development or course of the disease in people infected with the
virus.

But there's a two-way street in such studies.

"Not only can the brain send signals to the immune system, but the immune system
can send signals to the brain," Cohen says.

"Some of those chemical signals may affect brain function. It's not inconsistent
that the state of the immune system would influence how an event was perceived.

"Suppose somebody has cancer," he says. "They get depressed. Does the depression
make the cancer worse, or do they get depressed because a substance is released
by the cancer that affects the brain?The answer is probably both." People who
think negatively, who are hostile or consider themselves failures are "making
themselves vulnerable, changing their repair mechanisms, affecting their bone
marrow and cholesterol levels." The antidote to that?Love, Siegel says.

"If you went back and brought everyone up as a loved child, we would solve a lot
of physical and emotional problems," he says.

However, Cohen says, it's important not to get hooked on a particular theory
about cause and effect of illness - there may be multiple causes.

Thinking happy or loving thoughts may influence the course of a disease, but it
may not be the only answer to why a person feels better.

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A WOMAN SMILING

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Investors in Utah May Lose Tax Exemption on Out-of-State Bonds

                           March 14, 2001, Wednesday

By Elizabeth Albanese

DATELINE: DALLAS



Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt is considering signing into law a bill that would force
bond investors there to pay state income tax on interest earned on debt
purchased from non-Utah issuers.

Taxes would not be assessed on out-of-state debt currently owned by Utah
investors.

Currently, Utah and Indiana are the only states to give bond buyers tax
exemptions for bonds purchased out of state. Puerto Rico and the District of
Columbia give similar tax exemptions. If House Bill 158 became law, Utah would
join the vast majority of the country in assessing state income tax on debt
purchased from out-of-state issuers.

The bill, written by state Rep. Greg J. Curtis, R-Sandy, would affect bonds
purchased by Utah residents after Jan. 1, 2002. The governor has until March 20
to decide what to do with the bill. He can choose to sign into law, veto it, or
choose to do nothing, which would allow the bill to become law by default. All
bills on the governor's desk must be signed by March 20.

"I think there is a misconception in some sectors -- people believing this bill
would affect their current portfolios," said Blake Wade, a partner with Ballard
Spahr Andrews & Ingersoll in Salt Lake City. "But this new law would only impact
debt acquired after Jan 1, 2002; there is a grandfather provision written into
the language of the bill."

That grandfather clause prompted a "zero fiscal impact" rating from the Utah
Fiscal Analyst's Office for the bill because it wouldn't affect outstanding
debt, officials said.

Wade said that although he wasn't sure how the bill, if signed into law, would
affect the purchase of out-of-state bonds by Utah investors, he believed it
could help bolster sales by Utah issuers.

"I would imagine that's why the bill was written -- to help Utah issuers," he
said.

Curtis said promoting local residents' investment in Utah was precisely why he
introduced the legislation, which was approved "nearly unanimously" by both
houses of the state Legislature before the end of the session on Feb. 28. He
said Utah issuers, in order to play on an even playing field with issuers from
other states, had to either raise interest rates or buy insurance to provide
safer investments to buyers.

Kelly Murdock, senior vice president for Wells Fargo Public Finance, said he'd
heard that the bill had made it to Leavitt's desk for approval, but so far, he
has not heard any really strong public backlash against the legislation.

"Basically, it closes the loophole on out-of-state munis, which brings Utah to
the same place with most of the rest of the country," Murdock said. "I haven't
heard of any really strong lobbying effort against the bill. I think the biggest
thing was the fact that it made it through the Legislature and it seems as if no
one knew about it."

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 480 words

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       July 7, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Interdecadal Pacific Oscillation could have played part in growth in Antarctic
sea ice

BYLINE: Betty Laseter

LENGTH: 597  words


Scientists looking forward to solve the mystery of growth in Antarctic sea ice
in the middle of increasing global temperatures could have found a fresh lead.
Globally, every year sea ice has been vanishing at an average rate of 13,500
square miles, or nearly an area the size of Maryland, but sea ice in Antarctic
went on a record streak starting in 2012, increasing yearly until it reached a
new record high extent of 7.78 million square miles in 2014 fall.

Published on Monday in Nature Geoscience, a latest study suggested that the
phenomenon's explanation isn't present in the Southern Ocean itself, but is
there in the Pacific.

The National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) in Boulder, Colo.,
researchers along with colleagues in Seattle and Australia, have found that the
expansion in Antarctic ice started accelerating around the turn of the 21st
century.

During the same time, the Interdecadal Pacific Oscillation (IPO), a prolonged
fluctuation in atmospheric pressure affecting sea temperatures turned into a
negative phase, and cooled the ocean surface in the tropical Pacific, having
worldwide consequences.

While speaking to The Washington Post, Gerald Meehl, the study's lead author and
a climate scientist with NCAR, said, "When you get changes in [sea surface
temperatures] in some areas of the tropics, you affect precipitation, that
affects the amount of energy released in the atmosphere. That starts affecting,
through this kind of chain reaction process, circulation at great distances
away".

According to a report in Washington by Hannah Hickey, "The trend over recent
years of increasing Antarctic sea ice extent - seemingly at odds with climate
model projections - can be mostly explained by a natural long-term climate
fluctuation, according to a paper published this week in Nature Geoscience."

"Compared to the Arctic, global warming causes only weak Antarctic sea ice loss,
which is why the IPO can have such a striking effect in the Antarctic," said
co-author Cecilia Bitz, a UW professor of atmospheric sciences who studies sea
ice. "There is no comparable natural variability in the Arctic that competes
with global warming."

The new study used climate models that capture this transition to show that when
the IPO changes phase, from positive to negative or vice versa, it touches off a
chain reaction of climate impacts that may ultimately affect sea ice formation
at the bottom of the world.

"Even as sea ice was disappearing globally at an average rate of 13,500 square
miles, or about an area the size of Maryland, every year, Antarctic sea ice went
on a record streak beginning in 2012, expanding annually until reaching a new
record high extent of 7.78 million square miles in fall of 2014," according to a
news report published by CS Monitor.

"When you get changes in [sea surface temperatures] in some areas of the
tropics, you affect precipitation, that affects the amount of energy released in
the atmosphere," Gerald Meehl, the study's lead author and a climate scientist
with NCAR, told The Washington Post. "That starts affecting, through this kind
of chain reaction process, circulation at great distances away."

Looking forward, the scientists behind the study predict that the IPO has turned
back, so the Antarctic ice won't continue to expand. Notably, measurements of
the extent of Antarctic sea ice in 2015 were only the 16th highest on record.
But scientists have suggested other possible drivers of Antarctic ice expansion,
including the possibility that the Antarctic ozone hole changed the circulation
of winds around the continent.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

Countless factors affect the flavor of a vintage

BYLINE: Robert Kirtland, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


Sep. 5--Barrels and bottling. You may not think about them when you taste a fine
new wine, but they play a subtle, yet significant, role in a vintage's taste.

The oak barrel staves add flavor and aroma, as well as unmistakable internal
wine chemistry. Where the oak grew -- two or three French forest districts,
Central Europe, the Missouri Valley, or the Mississippi Valley, for example --
leaves an imprint on the barrel and the wine. How the barrel is charred inside
also affects the wine. Charring is accomplished by setting a controlled fire in
the final stage of barrel building.

Without all this, the homemaker's wine won't seem quite like Robert Mondavi's. A
contemporary debate centers on whether even the shape of the barrel, round or
boxlike, affects the wine.

Then, there's the bottle. It must be sterilized to eliminate invisible but
noxious microbes that contaminate the wine. Then, either by hand or using a
primitive machine, the winemaker must fill, seal, and, when ready to sell, label
the final product. A period of bottle-aging commonly follows bottle-filling
before labeling, which is done when a buyer appears.

All this, as one can imagine, applies to commercial winemaking, but the
processes, including blending, are essentially the same for the giant winery and
the basement amateur. In fact, many prominent winemakers began commercial
careers as home winemakers.

Silver anniversary

As winemaking goes, a quarter-century isn't much time. Still, a leading
California winery, Clos du Bois, is celebrating the 25th anniversary of its best
known signature wine, Marlstone, a Bordeaux-style red.

Today, merlot is one of the accepted Bordeaux components. Twenty-five years ago,
merlot was unknown, and indeed, at that time blending was a procedure to lend
character to inexpensive and relatively unimpressive jug wines. In addition,
this special edition ($50) blends malbec, cabernet franc, and petit verdot
beside merlot, with the backbone cabernet sauvignon. This silver anniversary
vintage is beautifully balanced, which slightly softens the top end of the
common alcohol level, 14.5 percent.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060905-TO-0905-Countless-factors-affect-the-flavor-of-a-vintage

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2006 The Blade


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cullman Times (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

2 arrested in debit card skimming scheme that affects communities along I-65

BYLINE: David Palmer, The Cullman Times, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Dec. 22--Two people have been arrested in Alabama for their alleged role in an
illegal debit card scheme that bilked thousands of dollars from residents from
four states.

Reiner Perez Rives, age 34 and Eunises Llorca Meneses, age 30, both of the
Orlando, Florida, were apprehended by deputies of the Baldwin County Sheriff's
Office and investigators of the Attorney General's Office. Rives and Meneses
face charges from the Baldwin County Sheriff's Office for trafficking in stolen
identities, identity theft and an illegally obtained or an illegally possessed
credit card. Rives also awaits 15 counts of identity theft to be served by the
Ozark Police Department. Additional charges may be filed in both jurisdictions
and in surrounding states pending further review of recovered evidence and the
identification of other victims.

The case follows a trail from Virginia to Nashville and then along Interstate 65
through Alabama and parts of Interstate 10.

The closest debit card fraud incident in the area was in Falkville. Cases were
also noted in Athens, Huntsville and Madison in north Alabama, Attorney General
Luther Strange reported.

The case focuses on what law enforcement officials call skimming. The culprits
are alleged to have added a device on gas pumps that reads an individual's
information off the strip on a debit card once the PIN is entered. The device
can later be collected and information retrieved and transferred to a credit
card.

"The suspects had nearly 400 stolen gift cards, meaning gift cards for VISA or
Master Card, that you can purchase at a store. We believe these cards were
stolen from various cards and that they were transferring information from the
debit cards so they could use them, which would potentially clean out someone's
bank account," said Mike Lewis, a spokesperson for the attorney general.

Lewis said the credit cards can be used without checking identification and that
thousands of dollars could be lost.

"We don't know if it's the tip of the iceberg or if we caught them on the front
end. We do know that federal agents want the suspects when we are finished with
our work," Lewis said.

Cullman County Sheriff Matt Gentry said skimming devices are difficult to detect
and that a store owner or manager of a convenience store may not know it is
there.

"The best thing you can do when you pull up to an island of gas pumps is to
examine the slot where you will run your debit card, and then compare it to the
other slots of the gas pumps around you. If it appears different, don't use and
report it to the store owner, who should notify law enforcement," Gentry said.

Gentry said criminals using skimmers will often come back after hours or pretend
to be pumping gas and remove the device and retrieve the information.

___ (c)2016 The Cullman Times (Cullman, Ala.) Visit The Cullman Times (Cullman,
Ala.) at www.cullmantimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161222-ZC-2-arrested-in-debit-card-skimming-scheme-that-affects
-communities-along-I-65-1222-20161222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZC


                        Copyright 2016 The Cullman Times


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

BRIEF: Road repairs to affect roads west of Santa Rosa

BYLINE: Derek Moore, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 176 words


July 31--Paving work will begin on several Sonoma County roads west of Santa
Rosa starting Monday, and the project will affect traffic, transportation
authorities announced.

Crews will start on Laguna Road Monday and continue Tuesday on Piezzi Road. Hall
Road from Piezzi to Santa Rosa city limits also is scheduled for paving work
that day.

On Thursday, crews will be on Corona Road in Petaluma.

The work will result in traffic delays of up to 20 minutes. The chip seal
application will be followed by two to three days of sweeping and painting.

Sonoma County supervisors in June approved more than $22 million over the next
two years for road repairs and pavement preservation as part of the county's
budget. The funding allocation is on top of the roughly $18 million the county
has spent since 2013 on paving. The work targets 198 miles of the county's total
network of 1,382 miles of road.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150731-UR-BRF-Road-repairs-to-affect
-roads-west-of-Santa-Rosa-0731-20150731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

Changes to affect workers hired after July 2015

BYLINE: Pamela Pritt, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


Feb. 27--CHARLESTON -- Lawmakers amended a bill that would retroactively reach
into the retirement pockets of every state employee hired since 2010.

SB 529 in that form would have saved the state more than $44 million, but the
bill was amended so that only state employees hired after July 1, 2015 will be
affected by the changes to the retirement plan.

Future employees would pay 6 percent into their retirement plans instead of the
current 4.5 percent. Also, future state employees will have to work 10 years to
have their retirements vested. Retirement age rises to 62, as well.

The bill affects state employees, teachers and the military.

West Virginia Education Association President Dale Lee said he appreciated the
committee's change of heart.

"The bill that was presented this morning really gave us a lot of angst," Lee
said.

Likewise, Elaine Harris, who represents the state's public safety employees,
said the retirement package is a major incentive for recruiting and retaining
law enforcement officers.

Former Adjutant General Allen Tackett weighed in on the bill, as well. Tackett
said he understand the days of "giveaways and free things is pretty well over."

Tackett said he was concerned about the people who serve in the National Guard,
noting that they show up for nearly every weather disaster in the state,
including floods.

Under the new bill, the return to the state is delayed two years, and state
employees will have two retirement tiers -- employees hired before July 1 and
those hired after.

Senate Minority Leader Jeff Kessler, D-Marshall, said "thousands, if not tens of
thousands" of people would have been affected by the retroactively changing the
plan for the last five years.

-- E-mail: ppritt@register-

herald.com; Follow

@PamPrittRH on Twitter

___ (c)2015 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150227-WZ-Changes-to-affect
-workers-hired-after-July-2015-0227-20150227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Register-Herald


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Walker: Bush campaign won't affect my decision

BYLINE: Mike Tighe, La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Dec. 18--Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker says Jeb Bush's decision to "actively
explore" a presidential run won't affect his own decision-making process on
seeking the nation's top office in 2016.

Walker made the comment at a press conference at Colgan Air Services at the La
Crosse Regional Airport during the kick-off of his "Property Tax Relief Tour"
flights around the state Wednesday.

The former Florida governor announced via Facebook Tuesday that he is
considering a run and will form a PAC in January, which observers consider a de
facto declaration that he will try to become the third Bush president.

"Jeb Bush is a friend of mine and a good guy," Walker said, although he said he
will base his decision on family considerations and the state's needs.

Acknowledging his own name on the list of possible Republican candidates for
president, Walker said, "One unique thing (as a reason) I'm on that list is what
we've done in Wisconsin and not any speech I've made.

"We've done amazing things" in curbing unemployment, flipping the state's
deficit to a surplus and improving educational scores," Walker said.

"I want to do more with education reform, entitlement reform and tax reform," he
said, noting, "It's in my best interests and the interests of the people of
Wisconsin."

Walker has not indicated when he will decide whether to run for president.

Regarding property tax relief, Walker said the $400 million his budget funneled
to technical schools lowered local property taxes.

Western Technical College received $15.2 million to decrease its levy, which
dropped by 33.8 percent, saving a typical homeowner in La Crosse $112.52, the
governor said.

"That's what we're doing across the state in driving property taxes down" so
people will have more money to spend in their local economies, Walker said.

Property taxes for the typical homeowner average $141 less today than when he
took office, Walker said, with a cumulative savings of $800 for homeowners.

If tax trends of the previous administration had continued, the typical property
tax bill would be $3,207 rather than the $2,822 projected now, he said.

Walker acknowledged that "we face some challenges" in the state budget, with a
projected shortfall of $116 million in the current spending plan.

"Withholding is down because taxes are down, and less revenue is going in," he
said, adding, "I'm confident we can balance the budget."

___ (c)2014 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141218-LQ-Walker-Bush-campaign-won-t-affect-my-decision-1218-20141218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2014 La Crosse Tribune


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 23, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

AIR NEW ENGLAND WILL SHUT DOWN

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 4, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Oct. 22


Air New England, a regional airline, announced today it would shut down Oct. 31
because of the adverse affects of the air traffic controllers' strike and
competition from other small airlines. It will become the third commuter carrier
to shut down since the strike started on Aug. 3.

The company's 400 employees, represented by five unions, were notifed yesterday.

Stephen G. Smith, vice president of the Commuter Airline Association of America,
said today that Air New England had been in ''precarious financial condition''
before the strike by the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Association caused
the Government to cut scheduled flights by 30 percent. This was also true of
Swift Aire Lines Inc. and Golden Gate Airlines, two California-based commuter
lines that shut down earlier, Mr. Smith said.

''The industry operates on a thin profit margin, and any disruption is going to
have a material affect,'' Mr. Smith said.  He said it was too soon to know how
the strike would affect the commuter line business, which blossomed after the
airline industry was deregulated in 1979.

Air New England partly blamed fare competition for its demise as a carrier
linking New England cities and New York in competition with a handful of other
small airlines.

'Cumulative Effects'

''The cumulative effects of uneconomic competition, inadequate Federal subsidies
and accumulating expenses, coupled with the decline in traffic and revenues
because of the ongoing Patco strike have resulted in intolerable financial
losses,'' a company announcement said.

Wright Airlines, a regional carrier based in Cleveland, said in September it had
tentatively agreed to buy Air New England for about $10 million. But late
yesterday Wright said it was no longer interested.

''Wright decided not to proceed in part because of the extreme difficulty of
adjusting or adding to Air New England's schedule due to air traffic control
limitations, the dissimilarity between Air New England aircraft and Wright's
aircraft, and Air New England's decision to suspend all operations Oct. 31,
1981,'' a spokesman for Wright said.

Mr. Smith said representatives of other commuter lines that serve Air New
England cities had told him they were eager to fill in any service void.

Last August, Air New England, which is based here, announced it was dropping all
service to Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard off Massachusetts and Keene, N.H.,
and was eliminating its some New York flights because lost money.

It continued to serve Augusta and Waterville, Me.; Lebanon, N.H.; Burlington,
Vt.; Boston and Hyannis, Mass.; Providence, R.I.; Albany, Rochester, Cleveland,
Baltimore and New York.

Air New England, founded in 1970, is a privately held company that last released
earning figures in 1980, when it reported profits of $256,000, including gains
from the sale of $1.6 million worth of flight equipment. In 1979, it reported a
loss of $2.2 million.

''This summer was a crucial point for us because we made a major expansion into
unsubsidized routes, and that was interrupted by the Patco job action,'' said
Michael Keweshan, an Air New England spokesman. The new routes linked New York,
Baltimore, Boston, Albany, Rochester and Cleveland.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 26, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
In a caption in Business Day Friday, Charles F. Butler was incorrectly
identified as president of Air New England. Mr. Butler resigned in October 1980
and was succeeded by Robert J. Norris, who continues to serve in that position.

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Charles Butler, president of Air New England
map of area from Cleveland to Maine

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

BRIEF: US 285 roadwork to affect drivers entering, leaving Texas

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 113 words


Dec. 06--New Mexico Department of Transportation contractors began
rehabilitation work on US Route 285 on Monday, roadwork expected to affect
travelers leaving or coming into Texas.

Traffic will be reduced to a single lane for several miles. The roadwork is
expected to last several months. Transportation officials asked drivers in the
area of construction to obey traffic slowing and slow down.

Follow Odessa American on twitter @OdessaAmerican, like us on Facebook at Odessa
American or call 432-333-7714 for the main newsroom line.

___ (c)2016 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161206-OD-BRF-US-285-roadwork-to-affect
-drivers-entering-leaving-Texas-1206-20161206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2016 Odessa American


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

Discontinuance of freight rail won't affect 'Bluebird' train

BYLINE: David Patch, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


Aug. 10--A major railroad's formal discontinuance of service on track that
provides the only outside rail connection to the "Bluebird" train line should
not affect future restoration of "Bluebird" operations, according to the head of
the group in charge of that train.

Clarice Wyse, president of the Toledo, Lake Erie & Western Railroad, said the
"Bluebird" excursion train that last ran between Waterville and Grand Rapids,
Ohio, in 2010 is unlikely to resume running before next year at the soonest.

But Norfolk Southern's end of freight service on 1.8 miles of track into
Waterville has no bearing on the excursion train's future, she said.

"We still have our 10 miles of track," Ms. Wyse said.

And Dave Pidgeon, a Norfolk Southern spokesman, said that while his company
recently obtained approval from the federal Surface Transportation Board to
officially end freight service, "NS typically doesn't remove track on
discontinued lines so we don't have any plans at this time to do so."

The last trains to use the discontinued track were several movements of empty
Detroit Edison coal cars that were stored on the TLE&W's rails about three years
ago. Norfolk Southern's freight service has for many years ended at the
Johns-Manville plants on Waterville's north side.

Ms. Wyse said it "probably won't be until '16 [2016], and the middle of '16 if
then" before the "Bluebird" runs again.

"A lot of things are popping up" that need to get done before the train can
resume operating, she said, citing replacement of a wheel axle on one of its
cars as an example.

The railroad canceled its 2011 season after vandals broke into some of the train
cars and, among other things, stole seat bottoms and loosened a gas line on a
motor car, causing it to spew gasoline when it was moved.

Contact David Patch at: dpatch@theblade.com or 419-724-6094.

___ (c)2015 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150810-TO-Discontinuance-of-freight-rail-won-t-affect
-Bluebird-train-0810-20150810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2015 The Blade


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 31, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Oscillating rhythm's got weather on the go

BYLINE: Jack Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 9D

LENGTH: 469 words

National Weather Service forecasters, who are looking far out over the Pacific
Ocean, say this time next week, the western USA should be warming up while cold
air is shoving aside this week's record warmth in the East.

The forecast is based on a growing ability to predict changes in large-scale
ocean-atmosphere patterns and understand how these patterns affect faraway
weather, says Wayne Higgins, the principal climate scientist at the Weather
Service's Climate Prediction Center in Camp Springs, Md.

Higgins says next week's weather flip will be back to a pattern much like the
one in December that brought the East its only real taste of winter this season.



Among other things, the change should make the weather clearer and warmer in
Utah than it has been this month, but it's too soon to say how this will affect
the Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, which start Feb. 8.

Higgins is confident about the pattern shift because the Weather Service's
computer forecasting models "are really on to the situation. They have done well
this season, including the transitions between patterns."

The change won't be sudden, but a slow cooling of the East and warming of the
West over the coming week.

The particular global pattern that Higgins and other forecasters are closely
watching this winter is called the Madden-Julian Oscillation, after Roland
Madden and Paul Julian of the National Center for Atmospheric Research, who
first detected it in the early 1970s.

The oscillation is a huge, slow-moving atmospheric wave that stretches at least
halfway around the globe on both sides of the equator. As one phase of the wave
passes over a region, air is slowly rising, which triggers showers and
thunderstorms.

During the other phase, air is slowly sinking, which inhibits rain. For any
particular location, phases change around each 40 to 45 days.

Since early January, the phase of the wave that enhances showers and
thunderstorms has been over the Pacific roughly from the Philippines and
Indonesia, stretching east more than 2,000 miles.

Thunderstorms here are pumping huge amounts of air high into the atmosphere,
which affects the path and strength of the west-to-east jet stream.

"It's somewhat like putting a rock in the middle of a fast-flowing stream,"
Higgins says. Its path -- in this case, the stream of wind called the jet stream
-- changes.

These changes, in turn, affect the pattern of large areas of high and low air
pressure along the jet stream's path across the Pacific and the USA.

The result in November and again for much of January has been low air pressure
with cold air, rain and snow parked over the northwestern corner of the USA,
while high air pressure with mostly clear skies and warm air has dominated the
East.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

biz briefs

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 579 words


THE MORNING LINE

Fla. minimum wage up 6 cents

TALLAHASSEE -- The state's minimum wage increased Wednesday by 6 cents an hour
to $7.31. The increase will affect about 188,000 workers. Those working 40-hour
weeks will earn an additional $125 annually.

A lawsuit filed on behalf of four workers and three groups representing low-wage
employees claimed Florida's Agency for Workforce Innovation violated the state
constitution by keeping minimum wage at the $7.25 federal rate, where it was
last year, instead of raising it to account for inflation.

Toyota recalls 106,000 Priuses

TOKYO -- Toyota recalled 106,000 first-generation Prius hybrid cars globally for
faulty steering caused by a nut that may come loose. The single minor accident
suspected of being related to the problem was reported in the U.S., according to
Toyota Motor Corp.

The recall affects 48,000 Prius vehicles in Japan, starting with the first Prius
models that went on sale in 1997, and those manufactured through 2003. It also
affects 58,000 vehicles sold abroad.

Coal firm OKs $7.1 billion deal

CHARLESTON, W.Va. -- Shareholders overwhelmingly approved coal producer Alpha
Natural Resources' $7.1 billion takeover of struggling rival Massey Energy Co.,
the companies said.

Alpha immediately began absorbing Massey, replacing the company's sign on its
West Virginia headquarters and filing at least 18 documents with the Securities
and Exchange Commission canceling Massey shares after the deal closed. The
combination transforms Alpha into the world's third-largest producer of
metallurgical coal, a key fuel for manufacturing steel.

Airline bag fees going up

Delta Air Lines Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc. are raising fees to
check a second bag on flights to Europe. The first bag is still free.
Previously, both charged $50 for a second bag. Now Delta will charge $60 if it's
checked online, $75 at the airport. United and Continental are charging $70 to
check a second bag. Delta also is adding a $30 fee for a second bag between the
U.S. and most of Latin America.

TECHNOLOGY

Hackers break into Gmail

SAN FRANCISCO -- Computer hackers in China broke into the Gmail accounts of
several hundred people, including senior U.S. government officials, military
personnel and political activists, Google Inc. said Wednesday. The latest
duplicity appeared to rely on so-called "phishing" and other scams that hackers
use to obtain passwords from people and websites that aren't vigilant about
protecting the information. All victims were notified and their Gmail accounts
were secured, the company said.

Tenn. passes Web password bill

NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- State lawmakers in country music's capital have passed a
ground-breaking measure that would make it a crime to use a friend's login --
even with permission -- to listen to songs or watch movies from services such as
Netflix or Rhapsody. The bill, now awaiting the governor's signature, was pushed
by recording industry officials trying to stop the loss of billions of dollars
to illegal music sharing.

Hulu to offer Miramax films

LOS ANGELES -- Hulu said it will offer hundreds of Miramax films to some of its
subscribers and select films through its ad-supported service as part of a
multiyear deal between the companies. The agreement comes on the heels of a deal
between Miramax and Hulu competitor Netflix Inc. Miramax said on May 16 that its
movies would be available for streaming on Netflix's online subscription
service.

-- Palm Beach Post wire services

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday

BRIEF: Ferry cancellation to affect departure times

BYLINE: Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 167 words


Jun. 18--ANACORTES -- A cancellation of today's 5:05 p.m. departure of the
Washington State Ferries vessel Chelan from the Anacortes terminal will also
affect departures from Lopez and Friday Harbor, according to the agency.

Information about the nature of the problem and when it would be resolved wasn't
available late Monday.

The cancellation will affect the 5:55 p.m. departure from Lopez Island and the
6:45 p.m. departure from Friday Harbor on San Juan Island, according to the
state agency.

For information, visit state ferries at http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/ferries.

To see more of the Skagit Valley Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.goskagit.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon,
Wash. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090618-UV-BRF-Ferry-cancellation-to-affect-departure-times-0618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                                 Copyright 2009


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Lima News

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 25, 2006 Saturday

Philips filing shouldn't affect pensions, cleanup

BYLINE: David Trinko, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


Mar. 25--OTTAWA -- Former employees from the LG.Philips Displays factory won't
lose their pensions due to a bankruptcy filing, but their insurance coverage
could be at risk.

The company filed a voluntary petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Wilmington,
Del., on March 15, seeking Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. Rumors suggested
former employees of the company might lose their pensions, but former union
president Ed Andrews said they needn't worry about that.

"Once the company becomes bankrupt, that government agency takes over the
pension trust fund," said Andrews, who served as president of International
Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1654 when the plant closed in December
2002, idling 1,100 union employees. "That's where their check will come from.
With medical, that might be a little more uncertain. That'll be the big thing."

At the time, many employees took lump-sum pension payments from the company,
said Andrews, the retirement benefits chairman for his last 10 years at the
facility. The pension guarantee only covers monthly payments though, he said.

The Pension Benefit Guarantee Corp., a federal program backing pensions, would
kick in if the company can't pay its pensions, Andrews said.

The company reported its debts at more than $100 million and its assets between
$50 million and $100 million. Its largest 30 creditors are due $721 million,
with $573 million owed to JPMorgan Chase Bank's Hong Kong branch alone,
according to court records filed by Adam Hiller, a bankruptcy attorney with
Pepper, Hamilton LLP in Wilmington, Del.

Hiller did not return calls seeking comment Friday, and company officials
directed calls to Hiller.

The bankruptcy only affects LG.Philips Displays USA, a joint venture between
Philips and LG Electronics. That company took control of the Ottawa plant in
2001. Anyone who retired prior to that would remain covered by Philips
Electronics North America Corp., which remains a stable entity.

U.S. Rep. Paul Gillmor, R-Old Fort, has been "aggressively looking into" the
bankruptcy and its effects, said Barbara Barker, the director of his Defiance
office.

"The biggest concern is the possibility their medical benefits could be
affected," Barker said. "As I'm sure you're aware, we have the COBRA law, a
federal law protecting insurance coverage. So that might be put into place to
continue people's medical insurance."

Barker said Gillmor hoped to have more information next week and to have
suggestions for the retired workers then.

The bankruptcy filing also shouldn't affect plans to clean up volatile organic
compounds along the west end of its former Ottawa plant, where lagoons once sat,
according to Karen Kovolo, the utilities director for Ottawa. Hull and
Associates should continue to go ahead with its plans for "biomediation
technology" to clean the site.

Philips Electronics North America Corp. filed the voluntary action plan, and
that entity remains responsible for cleaning up, Kovolo said.

"It's our understanding the environmental concerns should not be affected by the
bankruptcy filing," Kovolo said.

The company should be sending notices to affected people, but unanswered
questions remain.

"The whole thing left me with just as many questions as answers so far," said
Gene Hovest, a former Philips employee. "I'm trying to call the 800 number and
get any type of help I can find."

The plant originally opened in 1948, producing glass for black and white
televisions. At the time of its 2002 closing to ship production to Mexico, the
plan produced picture tubes for 25-, 27- and 32-inch televisions. At that point,
it still had nearly 1,200 employees.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060325-LM-0325-Philips-filing-shouldn-t-affect-pensions-cleanup

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2006 The Lima News


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                            Harleysville Group Inc.

                                355 Maple Avenue
                            Harleysville 19438-2297
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Harleysville is a property and casualty insurance company based in the US. Broad
product portfolio and effective distribution channels are the key strengths of
the company, even as geographic concentration remains an area of concern. In
future, natural calamities, intense competition and fluctuations in interest
rates may affect the company's business performance. However, growing US
economy, positive outlook for life and non life insurance may present new growth
opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


Broad product portfolio helps the company to efficiently cater to the diverse
needs of its customer base. The company offers a wide range of products such as
flood insurance, life insurance, boat insurance, automobile insurance, term life
insurance, dental insurance, disability insurance, accident insurance annuity
based products. In addition, the company offers coverage solutions for
molestation, auto and fiduciary. The company also provides services such as risk
management, financial planning and claim services. Such broad product range
allows it to garner higher market share and increase its revenues.

EFFECTIVE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS


The company maintains strong relationships with its agents and sales channels to
remain competitive in the industry. The company operates through a wide network
of 1,300 insurance agencies across 32 states of the US. The company offers a
broad range of innovative insurance products and coverage solution to attract
more clients and generate greater revenue. Through strong relations with agents
and independents, the company is expected to grow far better. Such valuable
relationships with agents and channel partners help in improving operational
efficiency and attaining competitive position.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Geographic concentration may hinder growth of the company. The company operates
only in the US. In FY2015, it generated 100% of the revenue from the US. Such
geographic concentration of the company exposes it to adverse changes in
economical and geo political conditions of that particular region and also
deprives the company of opportunities existing in other geographies. Such
geographic concentration may also affect the top and bottom line performance of
the company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING US ECONOMY


The growing economy in the US is likely to provide new growth opportunities for
the group. According to International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate
of the US stood at 2.4% in 2014. It is expected to reach 2.8% in 2016. The
growth will be primarily driven by continued recovery in the US economy,
improving business activities and growing economy in North America, Europe and
Asia. The growth in the US economy may result in higher demand for the company's
financial products. As a provider of insurance products and services, the
company is well placed to benefit from this.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT IN THE US.


Positive outlook for the life insurance segment in the US will help the group in
stretching its life insurance business. According to in-house report, the
insurance industry's gross written premium is expected to reach to US$2.70
trillion in 2018. The life segment's gross written premium is expected to reach
to US$731.6 billion in 2018. Low interest rates, increasing life expectancy,
demographic changes, growing market opportunity, recovering economy and
increasing mode of sales are expected to be some of the key drivers for the
growing life insurance industry. Harleysville, which provides life insurance
products in the US, is well placed to benefit from this growing insurance
industry.

GROWING NON-LIFE INSURANCE SEGMENT IN THE US.


The company may benefit from the growing trend witnessed in the life insurance
market in the US. According to in-house report, the insurance industry's gross
written premium is expected to reach to US$2.70 trillion in 2018. The non-life
segment's gross written premium is expected to reach to US$999.3 billion in
2018. Recovering economy, growing disposable income, increasing number of
distribution channels and natural disasters are expected to be some of the key
drivers for growth of the non-life insurance industry. Harleysville, which
provides life insurance solutions in the US, is well positioned to benefit from
this positive outlook.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect the market share and profitability of the
company. The company faces competition from local and international insurance
companies. It competes with its competitors based on various factors including
products and services, distribution network, ratings, claims settlement,
financial stability, solvency margin, and brand image. Some of its major
competitors include Professional Coverage Managers, HM Insurance Group Colonial
Penn Life Insurance Company and The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. Such intense
competition may affect the group's market position.

NATURAL CALAMITIES


Natural calamities are likely to impact the overall insurance industry. The year
2015 witnessed a series of natural calamities. In October 2015, the country
witnessed flash flooding across North and South Caroline. In September 2015, the
country witnessed Hurricane Linda, a tropical cyclone that affected California.
In August 2015, the US witnessed wildfire in Okanogan County, in north-central
of Washington State. Earlier, in May 2015, the country witnessed floods in Texas
and Oklahoma due to heavy rains and slow moving storm. The unusual spurt in the
number and the size of these calamities presents numerous challenges for the
global insurance industry. Natural calamities such as these give rise to
uncertainty in the loss estimation process and adversely impact the operators in
the insurance market. Such events may also adversely impact the company's
performance, in the event of the company failing to implement efficient
underwriting practices and reliable risk assessment methods.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the
company's profitability. Interest rate risk for insurance companies is a
significant factor in determining profitability. Although rate changes in either
direction may affect insurance companies operations; insurance companies
profitability typically rises and falls in concert with interest rate increase
or decrease. Changes in interest rates can affect the assets and liabilities of
an insurance company. Insurance companies have substantial investments in
interest-rate-sensitive assets, such as bonds, and market interest
rate-sensitive products for their customers. Drop in interest rates can decrease
an insurance company's liabilities by decreasing its future obligations to
policyholders. However, lower interest rates can also make the insurance
company's products less attractive, resulting in lower sales and thus, lower
income in the form of premiums that the insurance company has made available to
invest. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating performance of the
company as its income and investment returns depend on the level of interest
rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

BRIEF: Emergency drill could affect water service

BYLINE: Hunter Ingram, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 227 words


March 06--NC_WILMINGTON -

NEW HANOVER COUNTY -- Cape Fear Public Utility Authority will conduct a
full-scale water emergency exercise March 16 that could affect service to local
customers.

The extensive simulation, scheduled to last eight hours, will be the most
involved exercise outlined in the U.S. Homeland Security's Exercise and
Evaluation Program and is designed to mirror recent events involving the loss of
water supply, according to a release from CFPUA.

Crews will test significant portions of CFPUA's water storage and distribution
systems, including much of its more than 1,000-mile network of water mains.
Essential pieces of infrastructure will either be shut down or activated as part
of the exercise, during which people within portions of CFPUA's service area may
experience reduced water pressure or temporarily discolored water.

The exercise is intended to provide information about the resiliency of the
water system during emergency events.

CFPUA emergency response personnel and equipment will be dispatched to scenes
and respond in accordance to CFPUA's Emergency Response plans and procedures.

Follow CFPUA at www.CFPUA.org or on Facebook and Twitter for the latest updates
during the test.

___ (c)2016 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160306-WG-BRF-Emergency-drill-could-affect-water-service-0306-20160306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2016 Morning Star


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday

Local politicians say Paterno's exit won't affect Republican party

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


Nov. 10--YORK, Pa. -- Joe Paterno has been a prominent supporter of the
Pennsylvania Republican Party, and spoke at a George W. Bush campaign rally at
the York Expo Center in 2004. His son, Scott Paterno, was a congressional
candidate that year.

But York County Republican Chairman A. Carville "Peck" Foster said he doubts the
scandal or Paterno's retirement will have any kind of lasting effect on the
party. For all of Paterno's prominence among the state Republican Party, he was
ultimately a celebrity endorsement rather than a policy setter.

"No question, Joe was a Republican," Foster said. "But he was not closely
involved with the party's structure in any way."

State Rep. Stan Saylor, R-Windsor Township, doesn't think the situation will
have any kind of demoralizing effect on the state Republican Party. He believes
people see Paterno as a sports figure, not as the face of Pennsylvania's GOP.

"We have to be careful on who we condemn in this case until we know all the
facts," Saylor said. "It is America. You're innocent until you're proven guilty.
But there's no question it was mishandled by Penn State and certain
individuals."

State Rep. Scott Perry, R-Carroll Township, also emphasized that the story is
still playing out and all the facts aren't established yet.

Regardless of the extent to which the various individuals prove guilty or
innocent, however, Perry still finds the whole thing disappointing as a Penn
State alumnus.

"People are shocked and angry about this situation," Perry said. "Part of (Penn
State's) reputation is knowing what's important -- student achievement and doing
the right thing."

State Rep. Eugene DePasquale, D-West Manchester, said he thinks Paterno's
decision to retire was appropriate. He'll be surprised if Paterno is still
around by the game this upcoming weekend.

DePasquale, who played college football himself, said he's irritated at the
extent to which football has overshadowed all other aspects of the story.

"It seems like so few people are actually worried about the kids," DePasquale
said.

___ (c)2011 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111110-YO-Local-politicians-say-Paterno-s-exit-won-t-affect
-Republican-party-1110-20111110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2011 York Daily Record


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 1, 2008 Tuesday

MANUEL: NO FINE FOR JOSE

BYLINE: BART HUBBUCH

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 69

LENGTH: 325 words


MET NOTES

ST. LOUIS - Jerry Manuel didn't see Jose Reyes' glove-throwing tantrum in the
seventh inning Sunday, so the Mets' temperamental shortstop was able to escape
discipline yesterday.

But if it happens again . . .

"I will be constantly reminding Jose of behavior, of keeping it short," Manuel
said here before last night's 7-1 loss to the Cardinals. "You can't let it
affect you, because when it affects you, it affects the team. He's that good."

Reyes, who already had a helmet-throwing argument with Manuel on the field in
Anaheim two weeks ago, slammed his glove Sunday as he walked off the field after
a throwing error in the Mets' 3-1 win over the Yankees.

First baseman Carlos Delgado appeared to muff a chance to catch Reyes' errant
throw on Melky Cabrera's grounder to short, but Reyes said yesterday that he was
angry only at himself.

"That [glove throw] was about me," Reyes said.

*

Left fielder Angel Pagan is considering season-ending surgery on the left
shoulder that has sidelined him since May 13.

Manuel said Pagan - one of the Mets' biggest early-season surprises - is still
bothered by tenderness in the shoulder and is unable to do much in his rehab
aside from conditioning.

Needing a spot starter tonight because of last Friday's doubleheader with the
Yankees, the Mets recalled veteran right-hander Tony Armas Jr. from Triple-A New
Orleans.

Manuel said Armas will stick around after tonight's start because the Mets need
a long reliever and will go with 13 pitchers at least for a few days.

The Mets designated Andy Phillips for assignment . . . Claudio Vargas cleared
waivers and will report to New Orleans.

As expected, Moises Alou will make two or three rehab assignments in Port St.
Lucie this week and hopes to rejoin the Mets this weekend in Philadelphia. Alou,
on the DL since June 13 with a strained calf, was supposed to make a rehab
appearance last night but St. Lucie's game was rained out.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Jacoby & Yanks 'Bury Dodgers

BYLINE: BY JUSTIN TASCH NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 655 words


TWO regulars who began the night on the bench provided the Yankees with just the
shot in the arm they needed.

After Jacoby Ellsbury and Didi Gregorius were each out of the starting lineup,
the two hit back-to-back homers in the seventh inning of a run-less game in each
player's first at-bat, propelling the Yankees to a 3-0 win over the Dodgers
Tuesday night in the Bronx.

The Yanks (77-67,) who snapped a short two-game skid, got an insurance run in
the eighth from none other than rookie sensation Gary Sanchez as the catcher,
who DH'd Tuesday, crushed his 14 homer of the season to right-center. After a
10-game power outage, Sanchez has three homers in his last five games.

The Yanks remained two games out of the wild card but picked up a game on the
Red Sox, trailing the AL East leaders by four games.

Ellsbury sat because Joe Girardi wanted to get him rest with the Dodgers (81-63)
throwing a lefty, rookie 20-year-old Julio Urias. He entered the game after the
fourth inning when Aaron Judge was removed with a right oblique strain. Judge is
scheduled for an MRI on Wednesday.

Gregorius was out of the lineup for the second straight day nursing some
swelling after in recent weeks being hit twice on his forearm with pitches in
Baltimore and being hit with a pickoff throw against the Rays. He pinch-hit for
Ronald Torreyes in the seventh and smashed a first-pitch fastball from Ross
Stripling over the fence in right-center to double the Yankees' lead. He
remained in the game after the homer.

The shortstop said before Tuesday's game that he'd be available off the bench
and felt better than he did on Monday.

"Oh, I think it can definitely affect you," Joe Girardi said of Gregorius' rib
soreness. "And it probably affects him more because it's on the lead side. When
he dove back into first he got hit on the right rib and it probably affects him
more than if it would have been on the back side."

It didn't seem to affect him much Tuesday. His 18th home run of the season
snapped a 3-for-34 funk to begin September.

The Yankees couldn't have asked for more out of CC Sabathia, who in his best
start of the second half tossed 6 1/3 shutout innings, allowing just three hits
and a walk while striking out seven. He was pulled at 93 pitches after getting
Adrian Gonzalez to ground out to begin the seventh. It marked the first time
Sabathia didn't allow a run since June 10.

Sabathia's season had turned for the worse after a brilliant first 11 starts,
over which he had a 2.20 ERA. He then posted an ugly 6.78 ERA over his next 11
starts. The 36-year-old lefty has since rebounded as the Yanks have clawed back
into postseason contention, pitching to a 2.40 ERA over his last five starts,
during which he has 27 strikeouts against six walks.

Judge, one of the key figures in the Yankees' youth movement, left after the
fourth inning after the rookie right fielder appeared to injure himself on a
swing during his second plate appearance. He ended up walking to load the bases
and was thrown out at second on an inning-ending fielder's choice before being
removed from the game.

Rob Refsnyder shifted from left to right, Brett Gardner moved to left from
center and Ellsbury entered in center off the bench.

Urias didn't give up a run, but his lack of command got him yanked after just 3
2/3 innings, during which he gave up four hits, three walks and a hit batter.

Dellin Betances finished off the victory with a four-out save.

GRAPHIC: EXTRA INNINGS

STAT OF THE DAY

8

The Yankees entered Tuesday having hit at least one home run in each of their
last eight games, tying a season-long streak from May.

TEST YOUR YANKEE IQ

On this date in 1999, the Yankees' got a grand slam in both the eighth and ninth
innings to defeat the Blue Jays, 10-6, in Toronto. Who hit each slam?

A: Bernie Williams in the eighth and Paul O'Neill in the ninth

NEXT GAME

Today, 4:05 p.m., vs. Dodgers, Michael Pineda (6-11, 5.07) vs. Clayton Kershaw
(11-3, 1.89); TV: YES

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INFOGRAPHIC;SPORTS STATISTIC, Jacoby Ellsbury comes off bench to
deliver big home run Tuesday night against the Dodgers. AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            August 28, 2010 Saturday

Ford recalls Windstars over fears axle could crack

BYLINE: By MATT DEGEN, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D

LENGTH: 270 words



HIGHLIGHT: Affected vans were sold in areas where roads get salt.


Ford on Friday said it is recalling 575,000 Windstar vans because of a condition
in which the rear axle can corrode and crack.

The recall affects Windstar vehicles from 1998 to 2003 in areas of the U.S. and
Canada where salt is used on the road, according to the official recall notice
by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.

The agency said the recall affects Windstar vehicles currently registered or
originally sold in Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Illinois,
Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota,
Missouri, New Hampshire, new jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode island,
Vermont, West Virginia and Wisconsin.

Orange County roads are not salted in the winter, but some local owners could be
affected if their vehicles were originally sold or came from those states.

"After many years of vehicle service in these areas, corrosion can weaken the
rear axle, making it susceptible to torsional stress," the agency said.
"Corrosion and stress can lead to cracks which if undetected can propagate and
result in a complete fracture of the axle."

A fractured rear axle can severely affect vehicle handling and lead to a crash,
as that is what the wheels are attached to.

If you own one of these vehicles, expect a letter in the mail with further
instructions beginning in late September. Ford dealerships will inspect the axle
free of charge and, if necessary, install reinforcement brackets.

If you have further questions or concerns, you can call Ford's customer service
hot line at 866-436-7332.

The Windstar was a van made by Ford between 1994 and 2003.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Above is a 2002 Ford Windstar LX. On Friday, Ford announced it is
recalling 575,000 older-model Windstar vans over concerns that the rear axles
can corrode and potentially break.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 28, 2011 Monday

Voters to decide who pays for new schools

BYLINE: By Sharon Noguchi snoguchi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Peninsula; Special
Reports; Education; News; Local

LENGTH: 775 words


Who should pay for schools to serve new housing planned in North San Jose has
spawned a fierce electoral battle, with both sides predicting a disastrous
scenario if they don't prevail.

The stakes may be high, but those who will determine the outcome are a select
few being courted by two warring entities.

About 3,000 voters living in North San Jose will decide on a tax measure for new
schools. Santa Clara Unified School District is seeking the funding to serve
children from as many as 16,000 new homes and apartment units that could be
built there.

Measure A carries a hefty fee, assessing housing developers $6,500 for each new
unit. Future residents of those new homes would continue to pay $1,960 a year,
increasing a maximum of 4 percent annually. By comparison, those living in
existing homes would pay $19 annually, increasing a maximum of 2 percent a year.
District officials justify the two-tier fees by saying current property owners
already have paid taxes for construction.

Developers call the measure drastic and predict Measure A would halt housing
development, and even economic recovery. San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed assails its
"extreme provisions." But school officials say without the additional taxes
authorized by Measure A, new campuses may not be built, students will be bused
long distances and other Santa Clara schools will be overcrowded. The
neighborhood sits within San Jose borders but is served by the Santa Clara
school district.

The measure needs a two-thirds vote to pass. In the mail-only election, ballots
were sent last month to voters and are due March 8 at the county Registrar of
Voters' Office.

Santa Clara Unified officials say that when built out, North San Jose could
require three new schools. But the standard fees imposed on new development
would generate only about $3,000 per unit on average, according to Roger Barnes,
director of bond projects. Compared with the $200 million needed to build new
schools, the district might reap only $30 million, he said.

San Jose officials dispute those numbers. They expect the area to house young
professionals, few with children.

"Is it necessary to put that tax burden on a small pocket of San Jose
residents?" said Councilman Kansen Chu, who opposes the measure.

But San Jose resident Mike Bertram says the measure results from San Jose
reneging on a negotiated deal. "The city had to be dragged kicking and screaming
to do anything about schools," said Bertram, vice president of the River Oaks
Neighborhood Association, which supports Measure A. "It's the city's
responsibility to put together a good North San Jose community and not just dump
thousands of units without infrastructure."

San Jose did once earmark $75 million in redevelopment funds for North San Jose
schools. But then the state budget crisis dramatically cut redevelopment
funding. And while school officials regarded the money as a gift, San Jose said
it was a loan.

With talks stalled, the school board voted in October to place Measure A on the
ballot.

"Our objective is not to hurt the developers," said Santa Clara Unified board
President Andrew Ratermann. "Our primary goal is to make sure there are adequate
schools for those kids."

Even before the ballots are counted, Measure A has produced results. In February
six developers agreed to pay the school district a one-time $10,000 per unit fee
if Measure A passes, or $5,000 per unit if it fails. That agreement acts as an
in-lieu payment of the taxes that Measure A would authorize. And the six agreed
not to campaign against the measure.

The agreement, covering about 4,000 units of new housing, could generate about
$40 million, enough to build a K-8 school, Barnes said.

What alarms opponents is that Measure A also would authorize borrowing up to
$788 million.

"Asking voters to approve a line of credit for three-quarters of a billion is a
bit much," said Joshua Howard, executive director of the California Apartment
Association Tri-County Division and co-chairman of the campaign against Measure
A.

Parent Thomas E. Doherty also is wary of the measure's taxing authority.
"Governments historically overspend what they ask for," he said.

Ratermann counters that residents are attracted by the quality of life a
neighborhood offers. "If you don't have schools, nobody with kids is going to
move into those apartments."

Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775.

Measure A

For existing homes, the measure authorizes a special tax of $19 per year, with a
maximum 2 percent annual increase. For new construction, $6,500 per unit would
be levied initially, then $1,960 a year with a maximum 4 percent annual
increase. It requires a two-thirds vote to pass.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Teacher's Assistant, Callie Burnette, plays with kindergartners while
putting on tube in the playground at Don Callejon School in Santa Clara on Feb.
28, 2011. A tax measure proposed by the Santa Clara Unified School District will
be asking about 3,000 voters in North San Jose whether they want to impose a tax
increase to build new schools where as many as 16,000 new homes and apartments
could be built. A parcel tax will affect schools like Don Callejon which already
feel the affects of overcrowding. (Gary Reyes /Mercury News)
Brenna Burnette works with her kindergartners at Don Callejon School in Santa
Clara on Feb. 28, 2011. A tax measure proposed by the Santa Clara Unified School
District will be asking about 3,000 voters in North San Jose whether they want
to impose a tax increase to build new schools where as many as 16,000 new homes
and apartments could be built. A parcel tax will affect schools like Don
Callejon which already feel the affects of overcrowding. (Gary Reyes /Mercury
News)
Brenna Burnette reads to her kindergartners at Don Callejon School in Santa
Clara on Feb. 28, 2011. A tax measure proposed by the Santa Clara Unified School
District will be asking about 3,000 voters in North San Jose whether they want
to impose a tax increase to build new schools where as many as 16,000 new homes
and apartments could be built. A parcel tax will affect schools like Don
Callejon which already feel the affects of overcrowding. (Gary Reyes /Mercury
News)
New housing is being constructed at the intersection of Zanker Rd. and River
Oaks Parkway in San Jose on Feb. 28, 2011. A tax measure proposed by the Santa
Clara Unified School District will be asking about 3,000 voters in North San
Jose whether they want to impose a tax increase to build new schools where as
many as 16,000 new homes and apartments could be built. (Gary Reyes /Mercury
News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           November 20, 2003 Thursday

Auto parts plant heads south

BYLINE: Kara Kridler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 561 words


For more than 200 GST AutoLeather employees, the economic downturn is just
beginning.

The company, headquartered in Hagerstown, will close one of its two Williamsport
plants early next year. GST will also halt cutting operations in Reading, Pa.,
in the beginning of 2004, which will cost as many as 100 people their jobs.

The company plans to offer some of the laid-off workers jobs at the remaining
Williamsport plant. The number of jobs available is unknown, said Ralph Berry,
spokesperson for the company.

While the loss of jobs will affect a couple of hundred people and their families
in the Williamsport area, the layoffs "should not affect the Washington County
community as a whole," said Timothy R. Troxell, executive director of the
Hagerstown-Washington County Economic Development Commission.

"Obviously, those individuals will be affected personally. But on the community
as a whole, it should not cause a huge affect to our unemployment rate," Troxell
said.

The unemployment rate is 3.7 percent for Washington County.

And, according to Troxell, it should continue to improve.

He said the commission is awaiting permission to make announcements regarding
about five companies in Washington County that are either expanding or are
opening new offices in the county. Those new and expanding businesses will open
up additional jobs in the area, Troxell added.

In December GST AutoLeather, the number 3 supplier of seating leather to the
automotive industry, will relocate its U.S. cutting operations to Nuevo Laredo,
Mexico, just south of the Texas border.

The new cutting plant will employ about 200 of the company's total 2,200
employees. The cutting process is the last step in manufacturing the seating
leather.

This is the second plant that the company has opened in Mexico since 1997. Lower
wages and transportation costs -- most of the company's customers are auto
plants in Mexico -- are major reasons for this move, said Mark Lecher, president
and chief operating officer for GST, in a statement. He did not return a phone
call for further comment.

The move is part of the company's globalization, Berry said.

"They supply auto leather around the world and this consolidation is really a
part of making sure that they are providing the correct products and services,"
Berry added.

The Maryland Department of Business and Economic Development had been
negotiating with GST to work out a deal for the plant to stay in Williamsport,
said Karen Glenn, spokesperson for DBED.

"However, we realize that this was a business decision" and that outside costs
were involved, she said.

DBED loaned GST $250,000 in 2002, when GST relocated its corporate headquarters
to Hagerstown from King of Prussia, Pa. The funding was based on the fact the
company was headquartered in Maryland. And, since GST has no plans to move the
company's headquarters, "the funding will stay the same," Glenn said.

The company's customers include Lexus, Toyota, Acura, Chrysler, Ford and Honda.
It ships most of its products to automotive plants in Mexico.

GST is privately owned by Citicorp Venture Capital. The company has an
additional cutting plant in Zhongshan, China, and is building a finishing plant
in Shanghai, China, in partnership with two Chinese companies, the Richina Group
and Shanghai Light Industry Holdings.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Walker: Bush presidential run won't affect my plans

BYLINE: Mike Tighe, La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


Dec. 17--Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker says Jeb Bush's decision to "actively
explore" a presidential run won't affect his own decision-making process on
whether he will seek the nation's top office in 2016.

Walker made the comment during a press conference in La Crosse this morning in
his "Property Tax Relief Tour" across the state.

The former Florida governor announced via Facebook Tuesday that he is
considering a run and will form a PAC in January, which observers consider a de
facto declaration of candidacy.

"Jeb Bush is a friend of mine, and a good guy," Walker said, although he said he
will base his decision on family considerations and the state's needs.

Acknowledging that his own name continues to be mentioned as a GOP candidate for
president, Walker said, "One unique thing (as a reason) I'm on that list is what
we've done in Wisconsin and not any speech I've made.

"We've done amazing things" in curbing unemployment, flipping the state's
deficit to a surplus and improving educational scores, Walker said.

"I want to do more with education reform, entitlement reform and tax reform," he
said, noting, "It's in my best interests and the interests of the people of
Wisconsin."

Walker has not indicated when he will decide on a presidential campaign.

Regarding property tax relief, Walker said the $400 million his budget funneled
to technical schools such as Western Technical College enabled lowering local
tax levies for Western by one-third, saving a typical homeowner $112.52.

"That's what we're doing across the state in driving property taxes down," he
said.

Property taxes for the typical homeowner average $141 less today than when he
took office, Walker said, with a cumulative savings of $800 for homeowners.

If tax trends of the previous administration had continued, the typical property
tax bill would be $3,207 rather than the $2,822 projected now, he said.

Walker acknowledged that "we face some challenges" in the state budget, with a
projected shortfall of $116 million in the current spending plan.

"Withholding is down because taxes are down, and less revenue is going in," he
said, adding, "I'm confident we can balance the budget."

___ (c)2014 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141217-LQ-Walker-Bush-presidential-run-won-t-affect
-my-plans-1217-20141217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2014 La Crosse Tribune


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

Dunn County commissioners wary on how pipeline will affect landowner rights

BYLINE: Katherine Lymn, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


Oct. 02--MANNING -- Weathered by years of oil activity, Dunn County
commissioners warned of the importance of landowner relations Wednesday as they
met with representatives of a company proposing a huge oil pipeline that would
cut through the county on its way from Stanley to Patoka, Ill.

The $3.7 billion Dakota Access Pipeline, aka the Bakken Pipeline, will carry up
to 570,000 barrels per day of Bakken crude. It will be Texas-based Energy
Transfer's first North Dakota line. The company hopes the pipeline will be
operational in late 2016.

The company has firm commitments from shippers for 450,000 barrels per day and
is in the middle of a second open season to gather clients, project spokeswoman
Vicki Granado said. The main line will stretch 992 miles through the Dakotas,
Iowa and Illinois, including 203 miles in North Dakota. The project will also
include 142 miles of gathering lines around northwestern North Dakota.

The gathering line will wind from Stanley around to Epping, Trenton, Williston,
Watford City and Johnson Corner, where it will become a transmission line
straight to Patoka, Ill., a hub with other pipelines down to Gulf Coast
refineries. The company plans to file for its permit from the North Dakota
Public Service Commission later this year.

Commissioners grilled company representatives with questions and warned them of
the importance of landowner relations, wary from past experiences.

Energy Transfer held an open house in Killdeer on Tuesday, in New Town on
Wednesday and will hold a final North Dakota event in Watford City today. In
Killdeer, many questions centered on land reclamation, said Tammy Ibach, a
marketing professional hired by Energy Transfer to help with outreach.

She asked commissioners for recommendations on good local contractors.

"We're open to suggestions as to who, in your opinion, has done it the best (so)
that we can pick up the phone and call and say, 'Landowners out here in the
Bakken are saying you've done it the best,'" she said.

Ibach and Engineering Director Mark Bullock said Energy Transfer isn't like
other operators that may have scarred the county, and assured commissioners that
good landowner relations are part of the company's values.

But, as Commissioner Donna Scott said, "We hear that from everybody."

So commissioners urged them to show, not tell.

Commissioners brought up a disconnect there can be between landmen, who make
first contact with landowners, and the company itself later in the project,
which can lead to "some really hard feelings," Scott said.

Commissioner Daryl Dukart said Energy Transfer needs to make sure all employees
working on the project, regardless of if their direct employer is Energy
Transfer, are respectful.

"Having your subcontractors of subcontractors being responsible for damages and
being honorable to the landowners is very important," he said, "because one or
two screw-ups and it'll haunt you."

Dukart said exclusive easements, or agreements prohibiting any other underground
lines from crossing the Bakken Access line, can be inconvenient for the county.

Because it is so underdeveloped, the county needs the freedom to lay future
lines across where this one would be, he said.

"You guys try to protect your interests; we need to protect our interests," he
said.

Dunn County State's Attorney Ross Sundeen said some easements for Enbridge
Energy's Sandpiper line have exclusivity clauses. The company is currently
surveying the proposed route and hasn't started negotiating for easements yet.

"Especially out here ... that can really hamstring a lot of development
opportunities," he said.

Responding to the concerns, Bullock said the company would be more concerned
about development above-ground around the pipeline, in case of an emergency with
the line below ground.

"We don't want anything in the way," Bullock said.

Lymn is a reporter for The Dickinson Press. Contact her at 701-456-1211.

___ (c)2014 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141002-QX-Dunn-County-commissioners-wary-on-how-pipeline-will-affect
-landowner-rights-1002-20141002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2014 The Dickinson Press


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Bigfork Eagle, Mont.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

How atmospheric pollution affects Flathead Lake

BYLINE: David Reese, Bigfork Eagle, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


Oct. 01--A cattle feed lot in Spokane. A wildfire in Colorado. Dust from the
Sahara desert.

They are all vastly different, but they all can affect water quality in Flathead
Lake. Researchers at Flathead Lake Biological Station are studying how smoke,
dust and atmospheric particulate contribute to algae growth in the lake. Smoke
from wildfires, pollen from crops and road dust contribute to increased nitrogen
and phosphorous in Flathead Lake, and have the potential to increase algae
growth. For the last 30 years the biological station in Yellow Bay has compiled
data on atmospheric nutrients in the lake and they are continuing their work
this fall to see how nitrogen and phosphorus work independently or together to
increase nutrient loads in Flathead Lake. Researchers in November will set out
dozens of containers in Flathead Lake to measure the independent effects of
nitrogen and phosphorus on algae growth.

Scientists at the biological station are correlating data to measurements taken
from around the world, and are seeing there is a very real connection between
increasing nitrogen content in the atmosphere and amount of nitrogen collecting
in Flathead Lake.

This time of year, the amount of nitrogen at certain areas in the lake is at
very low, almost undetectable levels after algae have pulled out the nitrogen
from the water column. If a wildfire or controlled burning begins to kick in
high amounts of smoke, algae in Flathead Lake welcome the additional nutrients
and there's an increased opportunity for rapid production of algae. "Any
additional nitrates from the atmosphere has the potential to really stimulate
further production, we believe," Dr. Bonnie Ellis said.

In some years, the amount of ammonium measured in Flathead Lake surpasses the
amount contributed to the lake from Flathead River and its tributaries, Ellis
said. "When you consider how big the mainstem Flathead Fiver is, that's pretty
phenomenal," she said. While ammonium in Flathead Lake tends to arrive from
local sources, nitrates come from more distant sources. Researchers are able to
correlate data from nitrate sources around the world -- such as the EPA emission
reports or meteorological data-- with increased nutrients in Flathead Lake.

Air inversions are one of the main contributors to increased nutrient load in
Flathead Lake. The colder air trapped in the valley helps keep atmospheric
nutrients trapped.

Combined with temperature inversions, even smaller, localized sources, such as
field burning or road dust, can have an effect on Flathead Lake, Ellis said. "If
there's a local source and you have an inversion, those local sources can have
quite an impact," she said.

But, what's found in Flathead Lake is not all local. "We are not alone," Ellis
said.

___ (c)2014 The Bigfork Eagle (Bigfork, Mont.) Visit The Bigfork Eagle (Bigfork,
Mont.) at www.flatheadnewsgroup.com/bigforkeagle/ Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141001-EM-How-atmospheric-pollution-affects
-Flathead-Lake-1001-20141001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EM


                    Copyright 2014 The Bigfork Eagle, Mont.


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    February 17, 2002 Sunday, FINAL Edition

STATE HOUSE FOCUS: Social service cutsThreat to dental-care program may leave
Mainers unsmiling;
The fund makes dentists accessible and affordable to poor patients.

BYLINE: GRACE MURPHY Staff Writer

SECTION: MAINE & NEW ENGLAND; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 876 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


First in a series

Laurie Brown of Orono hasn't eaten a steak, ice cream or anything crunchy in
years. Her teeth are gray with decay and she finds it too painful. "It affects
my diet, it affects my health, it affects my ability to do work," said Brown,
39. "Think about it. Who's going to want to hire someone when they smile, their
mouth is all decayed?"

So Brown, who last saw a dentist 15 years ago, is looking forward to an
appointment next month at a community dental clinic 45 minutes away. The clinic
began accepting uninsured, low-income adults like Brown after the state
established the Fund for a Healthy Maine, a comprehensive health program paid
for with money from the multi-state tobacco settlement.

But Brown's first appointment could be one of her last if a proposal to cut the
dental subsidy program makes it through the Legislature.

"For years, it was that adults couldn't have their eyes or their teeth fixed
even if they had Medicaid. With the Healthy Maine Fund you can. Now, it looks
like you won't be able to again," Brown said.

Community clinics and hospitals say an existing dental crisis in the state will
only get worse if lawmakers approve a $240,000 cut in an oral health program.

The dental program is just one of dozens of social services on the cutting block
this session, as the Legislature looks to the Department of Human Services,
Department of Behavioral and Developmental Services, and Fund for a Healthy
Maine to help the state cover a projected $248 million shortfall in its budget.

A supplemental budget proposed by Gov. Angus King would take millions from the
Fund for a Healthy Maine. In addition to dental subsidies, programs in danger of
being cut include home visits to first-time parents of newborns and smoking
cessation and prevention programs.

King would take $9.4 million in unspent money from the fund this year and $3.9
million next year. He also would reduce next year's funding for Healthy Maine
programs by $1.3 million. The oral health subsidy would be cut by $240,000.

Dora Anne Mills, the director of Maine's Bureau of Health, said the dental
program may be transferred to Medicaid so clinics can get a higher reimbursement
rate for children. But clinics and patients say the solution doesn't help
Medicaid patients who can't find a dentist or low-income adults who don't
qualify for Medicaid coverage.

Laurie Brown said she couldn't find a dentist to treat her 9-year-old son last
year, even though he has dental coverage through Medicaid.

Brown was living in Springfield when her son fell off his bunk bed and broke a
front tooth at the root. She brought him to a hospital emergency room where he
was treated for pain and referred to a local dentist.

That dentist and others in her area wouldn't take Medicaid patients, she said.
Brown called the state, which helped her locate a community dental clinic in
Bucksport that would take her son.

It was two hours away, but Brown was able to schedule an appointment.

"We were lucky. We had a way to get there. What if we didn't have a car?" she
said.

Hospital emergency rooms are full of people who can't find dentists who take
Medicaid patients or can't afford to pay regular rates, according to Barbara
Covey, an emergency room doctor at MaineGeneral Medical Center in Waterville.

Covey told the Legislature's Appropriations Committee that MaineGeneral's
emergency departments in Augusta and Waterville had 2,800 dental-related visits
last year. The cost of the visits was more than $250,000, she said.

The hospital can only offer antibiotics, temporary pain management and a
referral to a dentist.

Covey is also a member of Kennebec Valley Dental Coalition, which opened a
community dental center in July 2000. Since opening, the center has seen 1,600
patients.

It used money from the Fund for a Healthy Maine to equip a hygiene room and
support its sliding fee scale, she said.

"Our center is for the first time seeing the potential of meeting our goal of
offering services to all low-income patients, regardless of payment source.
Unfortunately, the 'Medicaidization' of these funds will once more leave this
population out in the cold," she told the committee.

The same holds true for the five Center for Community Dental Health clinics in
Portland, Saco, Sanford, Auburn and Farmington, said executive director John
Eppich.

His clinics see patients who can't afford to pay for dental care without reduced
fees. Some can't even afford the bottom of the scale, Eppich said.

"Here, people don't have the money. Do I pay my rent and put food on the table
or pay the fees?" Eppich said.

Eppich said he has met with lawmakers and testified before the Appropriations
Committee, asking them to leave the dental subsidy in place.

"Dentistry is a solvable problem. It's not like it's cancer. It's just a matter
of getting them in and getting them the services," he said.

The Legislature's Appropriations Committee is going through King's budget and
will present its version to the Legislature in the coming months. Lawmakers can
make changes to the package before a final vote is taken this spring.

Staff Writer Grace Murphy can be contacted at 623-1031 or at:

gmurphy@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: EDITOR'S NOTE STATE HOUSE FOCUS: SOCIAL SERVICE CUTS This is the first
in a series examining social service cuts being considered in the Maine
Legislature.  Advocates worry that the cuts will pit consumers against each
other. 8B



GRAPHIC: Dental hygienist Barbara Philbrick talks to patient Phil DiFiore of
South Portland at the Center for Community Dental Health in Portland. Money from
the Fund for a Healthy Maine enables the clinic to offer services to all
low-income patients.
Staff photos by Jack Milton

Dr. Christine O'Brien fills a tooth for Portlander Romona Sanborn at the Center
for Community Dental Health.

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 31, 2013

                                  Genesco Inc.

                                  Genesco Park
                              Nashville 37202-0731
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Genesco Inc. (Genesco) is one of the leading specialty retailers of footwear,
headwear, sports apparel and accessories in the US. Strong market presence along
with strong financial leverage and strong performance by its segment are the key
strengths of the company, even as limited liquidity position remains an area of
concern. Going forward, increase in consumer spending in the US, strategic
acquisitions and growth of web-based retailing may provide may provide ample
growth opportunities for the company. However, the company may face challenges
from increase in manpower cost, increased retail crime and growth in counterfeit
products in the US.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG FINANCIAL LEVERAGE
The financial leverage or solvency position of the company affects its ability
to borrow and repay money, which in turn affects its business operations. The
solvency position of Genesco may be sound due to less debt funding than equity.
The company recorded debt to equity ratio of 0.06 at the end of FY2012 against
its competitors such as Brown Shoe Company, Inc., which reported debt to equity
ratio of 0.97 Furthermore, the debt levels of the company was US$40.70 million
on an annual basis at the end of FY2012. Strong solvency position indicates
utilization of lower financial leverage and its comparatively higher equity
position, underlining the better creditworthiness of the company.
STRONG SEGMENT PERFORMANCE
The Lids Sports Group segment of the company registered a strong performance in
FY2012. The revenue generated by the segment in 2012 increased by 25.87% over
the previous year. This increase in revenue by the Lids Sports Group segment
offset the decrease in revenue by all other segments of the company and as a
result of this the company's revenue in FY2012 increased by 28.06% over FY2011.
Furthermore, the segment contributed 33.14% of the company's total revenue in
FY2012, strong performance of this segment proved to be quite beneficial to the
company's overall performance.
STRONG MARKET PRESENCE
The company has strong presence in the footwear and headwear retail market. The
company operates more than 2,387 retail stores in US, Canada and Puerto Rico and
is one of the leading retailers of branded and licensed headwear, branded
footwear and licensed sports accessories and apparel. The company is also into
whole selling of branded footwear. The company operates its stores under the
names of Lids, Journeys, Journeys Kidz, Shi by Journeys, Johnston & Murphy,
Underground Station, Lids Locker Room and Schuh Group. Apart from that the
company operates a number of ecommerce sites. Strong presence in the footwear
and headwear retail market enhances the ability of the company to reach its
customers better.

WEAKNESSES:
LIMITED LIQUIDITY POSITION
Genesco's current ratio was 1.96 at the end of FY2012. This was below its
competitors such as Foot Locker, Inc., and The Finish Line, Inc., which reported
values of 3.79 and 3.99, respectively. A lower than competitors' current ratio
indicates weaker financial position of the company and its inability in meeting
short term obligations than other companies in the industry. At the end of the
review year, the company recorded cash and short term investments of US$53.79
million, against a current debt of US$40.70 million, reflecting its limited
liquidity. Limited cash and liquidity position puts the company at a
disadvantage while funding any potential opportunity arising in the market.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company may be benefitted from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
January 2012, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 0.30% or US$37.40
billion, and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.10% or US$14.10
billion as compared to December 2011. Additionally, personal consumption
expenditures (PCE) increased by US$23.20 billion for the same period. PI, DPI
and PCE have been consistently increasing every month in the US since October
2010. Furthermore, The National Retail Federation projected that retail industry
sales may increase by 3.40% in 2012, compared to 2011. As the company operates
in the retail industry, it may witness increase sales volumes as a result of
rise in income and spending.
STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS
Strategic acquisitions offer a strong growth opportunity for the company,
especially while foraying new markets or launching new products or services. In
June 2011, the company acquired The Schuh Group, a leading fashion footwear
retailer, based in the UK. The acquisition provided the company an established
retail presence in the UK. Earlier, in October 2010, the company acquired Sports
Avenue. Sports Avenue sells officially licensed NFL, NHL, NCAA, MLB, NBA and
NASCAR apparel, headwear, and accessories through 13 ecommerce sites and 46
retail stores in the US. Sports Avenue generated revenue of US$42.0 million
during the last fiscal year. The acquisition added considerable number of
websites and stores to the company's Lids Sports business. These strategic
acquisitions may further broaden the product portfolio and expand the company's
reach into existing and new markets, thereby increasing its revenues.
GROWTH OF WEB-BASED STORE CONCEPT
The company stands to benefit from the growing trend of online retailing, which
provides consumers the convenience of shopping from home, doing away with the
time consuming journey and saving on the transportation cost. With the increase
in interactive methods and limitless content, the retail e-commerce is growing
at a faster rate. According to the Census Bureau of the Department of Commerce,
during fourth quarter of 2011, e-commerce sales in the US was US$51.40 billion,
an increase of 5.80% in comparison with third quarter of 2011. In 2011, total
e-commerce sales were estimated at US$194.30 billion, an increase of 16.10% in
comparison with 2010. It accounted for 4.60% of total sales, while in 2010, the
same was at 4.30%. Total retail sales increased by 7.90% in 2011, compared to
the previous year. As the company operates established e-commerce websites, by
providing assurance to customers regarding credit card payment security and
timely delivery at minimal cost, more product information and availability, user
friendly features and other technological enhancements, the company may further
enhance its online shops and benefit from the increased revenues.

THREATS:
INCREASE IN ORGANIZED RETAIL CRIME
Organized retail crime is on the rise and this may adversely affect the profits
of retailers such as the company. According to a survey conducted by the
National Retail Federation, 94.50% of retailers reported acts of organized
retail crime in 2011, an increase of 6.00% from the previous year's figure of
89.50%. Many retailers had cut their staff to reduce costs during the global
financial crisis, which increased the problem. Moreover, many consumers are now
turning to auction sites to find budgeted deals, which provide a market for
stolen goods. Every year, organized retail crime losses total an estimated US$
15.00 billion-US$30.00 billion. This poses a challenge to the company's in-store
sales and may limit its revenues.
INCREASE IN MANPOWER COST
Increasing manpower costs may have an adverse affect on the retailers, such as
Genesco. The tight labor markets, government mandated increases in minimum wages
and a higher proportion of full-time employees are resulting in an increase in
labor costs. The federal minimum wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor
Standards Act (FLSA). The state minimum wages in Arizona, Colorado, Montana,
Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington have increased between 9 cents and 12
cents, in 2011. Also, eight states including Arizona, Colorado, Florida,
Montana, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington, increased the minimum wages by 28
to 37 cents, taking the hourly wage between US$7.64 and US$9.04, effective from
January 1, 2012. Significant proportion of workers in the retail sector, fall
under the purview of minimum wages. Any such rise in the minimum wages increases
the operating costs of retailers such as the company and has an adverse affect
on their profits.
INCREASE IN COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS
The company's business may be affected as a result of the huge influx of
counterfeit products in the US. Such a high penetration of counterfeit
merchandise may lower the company's sales and adversely affect its profit
margins. Moreover, as customers mistakenly purchase counterfeit products bearing
fake labels, the low quality of the products affects consumer confidence and
also, damages the brand image of the genuine company. In February 2011,
International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) reported that the global economic and
social impacts of counterfeiting and piracy is expected to reach US$1.70
trillion by 2015 and places 2.50 million legitimate jobs at risk every year.
International trade in fakes is expected to increase to US$960.00 billion by
2015. Earlier, in 2008, Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
(OECD) reported that US$250.00 billion counterfeit and pirated goods are traded
internationally. Through low price offerings, the imitated goods are affecting
the sales of the branded products. As the company deals with various branded
products, it is prone to such challenges that may affect its performance.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2013


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Organ network strives for fairer liver access; Where people live can affect
donation chances

BYLINE: Lauran Neergaard, The Associated Press

SECTION: YOU; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The transplant network is taking a long-awaited step to ease a serious disparity
in the U.S.: Where you live affects whether you get a timely liver transplant or
die waiting.

Desperate patients sometimes travel across the country to get on a shorter
waiting list - if they can afford it. The United Network for Organ Sharing is
proposing a change that would redraw the map that governs how donated livers are
distributed so patients wouldn't need to leave home for better odds.

"We want to make sure we give everyone a fair opportunity to get a liver
transplant," said Dr. Ryutaro Hirose, chairman of the liver transplant committee
at UNOS, which runs the transplant system in the U.S. "It's pretty much long
overdue."

The problem is that some parts of the country have fewer available organs - and
higher demand for them - than others. California or New York are among the
toughest places to get a new liver.

More than 14,600 people are on the waiting list for a new liver. Just over 7,100
received one last year - all but a few hundred from deceased donors - and more
than 1,400 people died waiting.

The geographic disparity adds another hurdle.

Livers are offered first to the sickest patients as determined by a ranking, a
so-called MELD score, which uses laboratory tests to predict their current risk
of death. Eleven U.S. transplant regions are subdivided into local areas with
individual waiting lists, and there are wide variations in organ availability
both within and between regions.

Today, some regions are able to transplant patients before they're super-sick -
with MELD scores as low as 23 - while others can't provide transplants until a
patient's MELD score reaches 35, meaning they're at risk of death within weeks,
Hirose said.

It's legal to move around for a better chance, if people know that and are able
to. For example, the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs lived in California but in 2009
had a transplant in Tennessee, which at the time had one of the shortest waits.

UNOS's proposed fix is similar to how politicians redraw voting maps: divide the
U.S. into eight new "districts" for liver transplants. That allows wider sharing
and shifts the boundaries to better mix areas where more potential donors live
with areas that have longer waiting lists.

The goal is for patients to have similar MELD scores at the time of transplant
no matter where they live. Research models suggested the change would mean the
less sick in some places, such as in the southern and northwestern states, would
wait a little longer so that sicker people elsewhere can get a new organ a
little sooner. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sean Gallup, Getty Images; Livers are offered first to the sickest
patients determined by a ranking, a so-called MELD score.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

Weather affects Hugo's produce

BYLINE: John Hageman, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


Jan. 19--Weather conditions more than a thousand miles from Grand Forks are
causing supply issues for a local supermarket chain.

Hugo's has posted signs notifying customers of adverse weather in California,
Florida and Mexico that may affect vegetable and berry supplies. Cammy Busta,
the grocer's produce director, cited El Nino as a culprit.

"We are looking at all possible solutions on a daily basis and trying our best
to fill those needs," a notice in the South Washington Street Hugo's store
stated Sunday night. The notice included a map of typical weather patterns
during El Nino.

El Nino is linked to the warming of sea surface temperatures that can
"significantly influence weather patterns," according to the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration. It occurs every few years, but it's "pretty much
spread itself" over the southern growing areas this time around, Busta said.

Busta said crops have been affected by rain, frost and cloud cover, which can
complicate shipping.

A number of produce items have been hit, including broccoli, cauliflower, sugar
snap peas and berries. Prices on some products have gone up because "demand far
exceeds the supply," Busta said.

"We've tried to hold our pricing down as much as possible," she said.

Hugo's put out the informational posters to keep customers in the loop, Busta
said.

Michael McCullough, general manager of Amazing Grains in downtown Grand Forks,
said they have been "pretty consistent" with their produce supply.

"We haven't really noticed a huge effect yet," he said. "We get it from
different suppliers than they do, as well. So their supply chains might run
differently than ours."

Roger Larson, president of the North Dakota Grocers Association, said El Nino's
effect on produce is "a problem all over."

Jason Swangstue, store director of Hornbacher's in Grand Forks, declined to
comment.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160119-GF-Weather-affects-Hugo-s-produce-0119-20160119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday

Attorney says hate crime conviction could affect officers' trial

BYLINE: Peter E. Bortner, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


Oct. 16--Thursday's conviction of two Shenandoah-area men of a hate crime in
connection with the fatal beating of an illegal Mexican immigrant could affect
the trial of three former Shenandoah police officers, the lawyer for one said
Friday.

"My concern is not that because the boys lost, I'm going to lose. I have a
concern that the jury in our case might not understand the elements of the
crime," said Joseph P. Nahas Jr., Frackville, who represents former chief
Matthew R. Nestor.

Nestor, former lieutenant William Moyer and former officer Jason Hayes, are
charged with obstruction of justice for allegedly interfering with the
investigation of the July 12, 2008, beating of Luis Eduardo Ramirez Zavala on
West Lloyd Street in Shenandoah. Ramirez, 25, of Shenandoah, died of head
injuries at Geisinger Medical Center, Danville, two days after the beating.

All three officers have resigned their positions with the Shenandoah police
force.

The former officers' trial is due to begin Jan. 10 in the Max Rosenn U.S.
Courthouse, Wilkes-Barre, before Senior U.S. District Judge A. Richard Caputo.

Caputo presided over the eight-day federal trial of Derrick M. Donchak, 20, of
Shenandoah, and Brandon J. Piekarsky, 19, of Shenandoah Heights, who were
convicted by a jury of a hate crime for violating Ramirez's civil rights under
the federal Fair Housing Act by participating in the beating. The jury also
convicted Donchak of conspiracy and obstruction of justice.

Caputo is scheduled to sentence both men on Jan. 24 -- Piekarsky at 10 a.m. and
Donchak at 10:45 a.m. -- at the same place where the trial was held, the William
J. Nealon Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse, Scranton. Both men are in
federal custody pending sentencing; the U.S. Marshals Office was not available
Friday for comment on where they are being held.

Nahas did not like Thursday's result but did not think it necessarily means his
client, who is also represented by James J. West, Harrisburg, and the other
former officers will be convicted.

"I'm dismayed with the jury's verdict because I clearly believe the government
failed to meet its burden beyond a reasonable doubt on this being a race-based
hate crime," he said. "I feel very, very sorry. My heart goes out to those boys
and their families. I don't believe that justice was served yesterday in federal
court for those boys."

However, Nahas said one conviction doesn't necessarily lead to another.

"Matt Nestor is innocent," he said. "I believe we will win at trial. I believe
the federal government will not be able to convict my client beyond a reasonable
doubt."

Nahas said he does not know what the jury was thinking when it took 5 1/2 hours
to convict Donchak and Piekarsky, but that the verdict makes him even more aware
of what he must do.

"I'm even more cognizant that I have a duty to make the jury aware of the
elements (of the crime)," he said.

Frank W. Nocito, Kingston, who, along with Philip Gelso, Kingston, represents
Hayes, was more reserved.

"We're preparing for trial," is all Nocito would say.

Enid W. Harris, Kingston, who represents Moyer, did not return calls seeking
comment on the case.

U.S. Department of Justice spokesperson Xochitl Hinojosa declined Friday to
comment on what Donchak's and Piekarsky's convictions might mean for the case
against the former police officers, and whether the department might seek to get
the two to testify against Nestor, Moyer and Hayes.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101016-RN-Attorney-says-hate-crime-conviction-could-affect
-officers-trial-1016-20101016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    October 17, 2005 Monday Michigan Edition

Proposed time change could affect Penn High School

BYLINE: By HAILEY THORNTON; Pennant Reporter

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E3; NEXT GENERATION

LENGTH: 581 words


When Indiana's proposed time change plan goes into effect, it could be a split
decision for many people in the Penn High school community. Currently, St.
Joseph County, where Penn is located, and surrounding counties are on Eastern
Standard Time throughout the year. Michigan is on Eastern Daylight time in the
summer, putting it an hour ahead of Indiana.

Now, St. Joseph County may go to Central time year round, while Elkhart County
and Michigan will be on Eastern time. That means that year-round, Elkhart and
Michigan will be an hour ahead all of the time.

Many people are upset or undecided about the time change. If different counties
around us change to different time zones, how will this affect Penn?

There are many ways dealing with different time zones can affect the Penn
community. Teachers living in the different time zones will have a lot of
confusion or difficulty in their lives. It may also cause same confusion in the
sports department. Also, students from Penn wouldn't be able to get to jobs in
Elkhart by 4 p.m. Eastern time. Since school release is 3:17, that would already
be 4:17 in Elkhart.

Dawn Troyer, an English teacher at Penn, lives in Michigan. A permanent time
difference would cause some hardships for her family.

"If St. Joe County adopted Central time, it would be a huge problem for my
family and me," Troyer said. "When you add the time difference onto an already
late school schedule, I would not be able to get home until 5:30 or later in the
evening.

"My oldest son starts school next year, and I wouldn't be home to see him
participate in after-school activities - in fact he might have difficulty even
participating since I wouldn't be able to pick him up at school until about
6:00," Troyer continued.

"I would also have far less time with him in the evening - an hour or two to eat
dinner, do homework, etc. At the other end of day - in the morning - he would
begin his school day before I would. So I lose out either way you go. If St. Joe
County was on a common time with Michigan, I would have the benefit of working
at approximately the same time as my children are going to school."

Head football coach Cory Yeoman said that if Penn plays a team in a different
time zone, the two schools will just split the time difference. If the game
normally starts at 7:00 p.m., a game against an Elkhart school might start at
6:30 p.m. That might make it difficult for parents who work until 5 p.m. to get
home, grab dinner and get to the game.

Assistant director of activities and athletics, Aaron Leniski said that other
sports will also have to deal with different starting times.

"Depending what time zone we go with, we will just have to adjust the schedule
to play later or earlier." He explained that it may just cause a little bit of
confusion because people will have to make sure they have the right starting
times.

In a survey of several businesses in Elkhart, most said that they would still
probably hire students from Penn, but that they would just have to make sure
that when scheduling them to work, they had enough time to get from school and
be on time.

All the managers agreed that it won't complicate things that much, it's just
going to take some extra time scheduling and planning ahead. Having St. Joseph
County on Central time and Elkhart County and Michigan on another time could
create a lot of confusion for people in the Penn community. But with careful
planning, the confusion can be avoided.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     July 28, 2004 Wednesday Final Edition

Face it, folks, losing Williams is no big deal

SOURCE: The Kansas City Star

BYLINE: Joe Posnanski

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY

OK, you know what? I'm sicky of Ricky. Everywhere you go now, it's all "Will
Ricky Williams come back?" That's it. Will he? Won't he? How will this affect
the Miami Dolphins? How will this affect Wall Street? How will this affect
relations with China? How will we live our lives with Ricky Williams retired?

Suddenly, we are swamped by charts showing other great athletes who retired
young.

Suddenly, we are deluged with stories about the sadness we all feel with Ricky
gone.

Suddenly, we are hit with tips for how to adjust our fantasy football draft
strategies (this is if you can find the strength to still have a fantasy
football draft).

And through it all, we have somehow forgotten one small detail.

Ricky Williams wasn't very good.

OK, that's not quite fair. He was good. Not great. But good. Williams even had
one very good season, 2002, when he led the National Football League in rushing
(mainly because Kansas City Chiefs' Priest Holmes missed the last two weeks of
the season because of a hip injury). He scored 17 touchdowns that year, too,
behind only Holmes and Seattle's Shaun Alexander.

But aside from that season, here is how many times Ricky Williams finished in
the top five in the NFL in rushing: ZERO. Here's how many times he was in the
top 10 in touchdowns: ZERO. Here's how many times he led the Dolphins to the
playoffs: ZERO.

Here's how many times he rushed for more than 15 yards in a playoff game: ZERO.
And so on.

Now we've got to watch this guy's name mixed in with Jim Brown and Barry
Sanders?

Williams is a big example of spin in America. He has been, by most measurements,
a disappointment. But you'd never know from the hype. Williams has been on the
cover of Sports Illustrated three times. He's been on the cover of ESPN The
Magazine so often you half expected them to change the name to Ricky the
Magazine. He's been continuously interviewed, perpetually plugged, advertised ad
nauseam.

And why? Is he as good as Priest Holmes? LaDainian Tomlinson? Clinton Portis?
Jamal Lewis? Not even close. He has mostly been a plodding runner who fumbles a
lot. Last season, he got more carries than anyone in the NFL, and he gained a
pedestrian 3.5 yards per carry. And don't give me this bit about how his
offensive line wasn't good -- that's the classic running back copout.

Holmes, in his past 30 games, has scored more touchdowns than Williams has
scored in his entire career.

Holmes hasn't been on the SI cover either (unless you count the little
mini-photo of him in the corner of a cover dedicated to the Oregon Ducks).

So again the question: Why Ricky? Well, of course, Williams came into the league
with a huge buildup. He won the Heisman Trophy, New Orleans traded its entire
draft to get him, he signed a goofy contract, he wore a wedding dress on the
cover of ESPN The Mag. It was a big entrance.

And ever since then he's been just plain weird. We are fascinated by weird.
Twice he's tested positive for marijuana. He was arrested for driving 126
m.p.h., but managed to get it down to 98 m.p.h. in court. He was fined $85,000
one year for being late and missing meetings. He may not have been one of the
league's most dangerous backs, but you never knew what he was going to say, what
he was going to do, how he was going to wear his hair and when he was going to
buy a one-way ticket to Asia, board a plane and quit football, which is exactly
what he ended up doing.

Williams has that cult of personality thing going, I guess. His career is pretty
similar to Mike Pruitt and William Andrews -- two more quiet players you may
never have heard of -- but Williams figures to still get a few more magazine
covers and take up 20 minutes of every SportsCenter for the next month. You can
bet that for the next few months, the big story will be Ricky: Will he stay
retired? Will he come back? Will he run for office?

Who knows? Maybe people really are interested.

Personally, though, I'm a lot more interested in a guy like Priest Holmes, who
works hard, is admired by his teammates, has not tested positive for drugs,
gains yards and scores touchdowns.

But Priest has not worn a wedding dress for a photographer yet. And he figures
to show up for training camp.

He's too reliable for superstardom, I guess.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Ricky Williams

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

BRIEF: Highway 1806 closure does not affect Huff Hills ski area

BYLINE: The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 88 words


Dec. 17--The North Dakota Highway Patrol is updating information pertaining to
the N.D. Highway 1806 road closure south of Mandan.

The road closure does not affect traffic going to the area of Huff Hills ski
area, said Sgt Duletski of the North Dakota Highway Patrol in Bismarck. The road
closure is further south of this location and in no way inhibits traffic to this
area.

___ (c)2016 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161217-QJ-BRF-Highway-1806-closure-does-not-affect
-Huff-Hills-ski-area-1217-20161217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2016 The Jamestown Sun


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

More rain shouldn't affect dropping river

BYLINE: The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 265 words


July 14--More storms and showers in the forecast today will give way to partly
sunny and cool conditions the rest of the week.

Storms Saturday night dumped 1.63 inches of rain on Burlington, but unofficial
reports of 3.42 inches in Fort Madison and 2.22 inches in Donnellson were
recorded.

Upriver from Burlington, 2.99 inches of rain was reported in LaCrosse, Wis., and
1.79 inches in Dubuque. Iowa City had 0.66 inches and Davenport reported 0.39
inches.

It's not going to affect the Mississippi River's descent. The river is expected
to drop to 19.5 feet by 7 a.m. today on its way to 18 feet by Thursday.

City of Burlington officials hope to be able to peek inside the Valley Street
lift station today to assess damage there after floodwater breached a barrier
July 5. Without the lift station, downtown businesses have been without sewer
service.

The 18-foot mark is considered major flood stage when water starts creeping into
the Memorial Auditorium parking lot. The river hasn't been below 18 feet at
Burlington since June 26.

A weak disturbance moving through the area could produce showers this morning
turning into isolated thunderstorms over the noon hour, according to the
National Weather Service.

But a weather system coming down from Canada will mean temperatures nearly 15
degrees below normal for the rest of the week, the NWS said.

Highs the rest of the week will be in the upper 60s and lower 70s. Overnight
lows will drop into the 50s.

___ (c)2014 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140714-QW-More-rain-shouldn-t-affect-dropping-river-0714-20140714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2014 The Hawk Eye


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     October 10, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Now An Open Source Solution For The Rare Disease Community

BYLINE: EFY News Network

LENGTH: 339  words


Right now, there are nearly 7,000 rare diseases, with most of them being
genetically related.

Thursday, October 10, 2013: Rare diseases can be termed as those that trouble
populations below 200,000 patients, or about 1 in 1,500 people. Right now, there
are nearly 7,000 rare diseases, with most of them being genetically related.

These diseases mostly affect the very young members in a community. Though, rare
diseases seem to affect only a small percentage of people, but in actuality,
their total affects nearly 30 million patients in the US. And, if you look at EU
figures, there are around 25 million people affected with rare diseases.
Unfortunately, this affect extends to the millions of caregivers and their
families, who have no other option than to live with the disease.

Open source for rare diseases

An effective information management platform remains one of the greatest needs
in these communities, which is often termed as a registry. The registry enables
a user to find out information about a person affected with a rare disease,
including daily symptoms, treatments, medicines, ways to deal with diseases,
devices needed and so on.

Of late, a keen group of faculty, students, and community participants came
together for the First Hackathon on Rare Diseases, which was hosted at the State
University of New York at Albany. The group discussed the ways to develop an
open source solution for an information management platform with a view to
enable the communities exploit the benefit and effect of the useful information
they can capture for the wider and greater usage.

Hackathon on Rare Diseases at SUNY Albany September 14 2013

Ed Fennell directed the hackathon group was directed who was the caregiver for
his two granddaughters and suffering with a rare disorder. He has become an
ardent supporter for the rare disease community. The group pondered upon:

Database and platform design

The symptoms reported by patients

The challenges of caregivers to communicate with medical staff

The sole needs of the rare disease community

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2013 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 20, 2012 Thursday

Edison Mission Energy's bankruptcy filing won't affect Pinnacle Wind Farm

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


Dec. 20--KEYSER, W.Va. -- Edison Mission Energy's recent bankruptcy filing will
not affect operations at Pinnacle Wind Farm at NewPage on Green Mountain,
according to Douglas McFarland, EME spokesman.

"EME's wind energy projects are not part of the chapter 11 filing," said
McFarland. "They remain a part of EME but do not rely on funding from EME and
operations are not affected -- in fact, operations at all of our energy
generation sites are ongoing as normal and as provided for under the typical
chapter 11 process."

Edison Mission Energy, the unregulated power generation business of Edison
International, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Monday with a proposal
to transfer control of the company to holders of $3.7 billion in unsecured
bonds, according to Reuters news service. The EME subsidiaries that filed for
Chapter 11 protection include Midwest Generation, which manages the company's
fleet of coal-fired plants in Illinois, according to an EME news release.

As part of the restructuring process, Edison International and EME will
negotiate agreements to ensure EME's smooth and effective transition to
operating as an independent entity following its separation from Edison
International, which is anticipated to occur by December 2014. The company's
agreement with the noteholders and Edison International is subject to bankruptcy
court approval, according to the news release.

"We are pleased to have reached this agreement, which we believe reflects the
long-term value potential of our organization," said Pedro Pizarro, president of
EME, in the news release. "This is an important first step in the process to
reduce our debt, enhance our liquidity profile and position EME for continued
operation and future success while preserving our ability to generate power
safely and reliably at our electric facilities across the country. Throughout
this process, business operations will continue in the normal course, and we
will continue to support our customers, suppliers and employees."

EME has been challenged by depressed energy and capacity prices and high fuel
costs affecting its coal-fired facilities, combined with pending debt maturities
and the need to retrofit its coal-fired facilities to comply with environmental
regulations, according to the news release.

"EME is operationally healthy, and with the support of the noteholders, we plan
to emerge from our restructuring as a recapitalized company separate from Edison
International," said Pizarro. "We believe this financial restructuring --
coupled with the existing strength of our employees and assets -- will position
us to take advantage of new opportunities while preserving our focus on safe,
reliable operations. We appreciate the ongoing dedication of all our employees,
whose commitment, focus and expertise is essential to our success, and look
forward to continuing to work with our suppliers and project partners."

EME's companies own, operate and lease a portfolio of more than 40 electric
generating sites that are powered by wind, natural gas, biomass and coal, as
well as an energy marketing and trading operation based in Boston, according to
the news release.

___ (c)2012 Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland Times
News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121220-UM-Edison-Mission-Energy-s-bankruptcy-filing-won-t-affect
-Pinnacle-Wind-Farm-20121220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

B.C., Alaska shake hands on watershed accord; But U.S. groups fear deal falls
short on protection

BYLINE: Gordon Hoekstra, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 722 words


The B.C. and Alaska governments signed a co-operation agreement Wednesday over
mines that could affect transboundary rivers, and includes a promise to develop
a joint waterquality monitoring program.

The agreement comes as pressure to address environmental concerns from Alaskan
fishing, environmental, First Nation and community groups increased after the
failure of Imperial Metal's Mount Polley mining waste dam last year.

The groups are concerned that proposed mines on the B.C. side of the border,
such as the $5.4-billion KSM gold-copper-silver mine and the existing Red Chris
mine, could leach potentially toxic metals into watersheds that would harm
salmon - the economic

and cultural backbone of many Alaskan communities.

The groups said they were dismayed by the agreement revealed Wednesday because
it does not include a mechanism to trigger the International Joint Commission
under the Boundary Waters Treaty to address their concerns.

Under the agreement, B.C. and Alaska will establish a bilateral working group on
the protection of trans-boundary waters that will be made up of provincial and
state officials. That group will be overseen by B.C. Energy and Mines Minister
Bill Bennett and Alaskan Lt. Gov. Byron Mallott and is expected to be in place
by early next year.

This group will manage the water-quality monitoring program and ensure results
are made public.

The agreement was signed by Premier Christy Clark in Victoria and Gov. Bill
Walker in Juneau.

"We have agreements with Idaho, Montana and Washington, and I think we had
probably ignored Alaska for too long," Bennett said in an interview Wednesday.

"And once the public discussion really started to take place about potential
mines in northwestern B.C., it became obvious we needed to reach out and to
start to share information."

The working group is also meant to find ways for officials in Alaska to become
more involved in B.C. environmental assessments and permitting processes of
mining and other projects.

For example, Alaska will be invited to have a seat on mine review development
committees that include B.C. government, regional government and First Nations
representatives, said Bennett, who twice visited Alaska to hear first-hand their
views on B.C. mining practices.

That way, Alaska will have representation on the ground level from the
pre-application stage of a mine project, and through the environmental
assessment and permitting process, said Bennett. The bilateral group is also
meant to find a way for Alaskan tribes, B.C. First Nations and other
stakeholders to get better access to information about mines and other projects.

Bennett said while information is already available on B.C.'s Environmental
Assessment Office's website, more effort will be made for the B.C. Energy and
Mines to post information and inspections on its website, something that has
begun following the Mount Polley failure.

The agreement also includes co-operation on other areas such as transportation
safety and emergency management.

However, Alaskan groups - which includes Salmon Beyond Borders, the Alaska
Trollers Association and the United Tribal Transboundary Mining Working Group -
said they were blindsided by the agreement.

They noted they began taking part last week in Alaska's recently-established

Transboundary Rivers Citizens Advisory Work Group, which was examining a draft
statement of co-operation on mining. They say the agreement signed Wednesday is
not adequate to address their concerns.

"The thousands of Alaskans who have spoken out and asked for an international
solution to this international problem will not stop and will certainly weigh in
with the state of Alaska on the agreement's language that is fatally flawed,"
said Salmon Beyond Borders director Heather Hardcastle.

The Alaskan groups say they believe an international review under the Boundary
Waters Treaty is the best way to develop specific binding commitments to ensure
clean water, salmon, jobs and traditional and customary practices are not harmed
by B.C. mines and that adequate financial assurances are in place to cover
long-term monitoring and compensation for damages. The agreement signed
Wednesday is not binding and it does not set out compensation measures, the
groups noted.

ghoekstra@vancouversun.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / B.C. and Alaska have inked a deal regarding mines - such as Imperial
Metals' existing Red Chris gold and copper mine - that could affect
transboundary rivers.;;  Alaska will have input on B.C. mine projects in a new
deal.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            March 11, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Pirates trying to stay on task;
The uncertainty of the team's future in Portland can be distracting to the
players and coaches.

BYLINE: PAUL BETIT Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 616 words


The Portland Pirates' players and coaches are trying to maintain their focus
during the contentious lease negotiations between the team's owners and the
Cumberland County Civic Center. But that's not so easy.

''It does affect the team,'' head coach Kevin Dineen said. ''We get asked about
it all the time. It gets us off hockey and it's a distraction.''

The team practiced at the civic center Wednesday morning for the first time
since returning from a three-game trip.

While the team was gone, the civic center's trustees responded to Pirates
managing owner Brian Petrovek's wide-ranging financial proposal for a new lease
agreement with a simpler plan of their own.

No deadline has been set for Petrovek to respond to the trustees'
counterproposal. The current lease ends on April 30.

''We all want to know,'' Dineen said. ''It's important. We all want to know
what's going on.''

None of the players or coaches profess to have any inside knowledge about the
lease negotiations.

''We know as much as everyone else knows,'' said right wing Kyle Rank, in his
second season with the Pirates. ''The first time I heard about it was two weeks
ago when it came out on the 6 o'clock news.''

Petrovek recently has talked with the managers of the Times Union Center in
Albany, N.Y., about moving the Pirates into that building next season. The AHL's
Albany River Rats have been sold, and their new owners are moving the franchise
to Charlotte, N.C.

''Obviously, we all like it here in Portland,'' Rank said. ''It's not that we
want to leave. But it's not in our control and you can't really worry about
something you can't control. It doesn't really affect us. We just play.''

Dineen was a member of the NHL's Hartford Whalers when the team moved to
Charlotte in 1997 to become the Carolina Hurricanes.

''It's not a fun thing to go through it, whether it's an organizational change
or a move,'' he said.

But Dineen said a move to another city would have more of an impact on him and
assistant coach Eric Weinrich than it would on his players.

''It's something that affects our families,'' he said.

For the past five years, Dineen and his wife, Annie, and their four children
have lived in Cape Elizabeth during the school year.

Weinrich, who grew up in Gardiner, and his wife, Tracy, have settled in Yarmouth
with their two children.

If the Pirates were to move out of Portland, Dineen said it could affect his
ability to recruit veteran players for the team.

''During the summer when I'm selling jobs, part of the sales pitch has to do
with Portland, Maine,'' he said. ''I look at a town like Portland and I can say
it is the quality city in the Northeast.''


NOTES: The AHL announced Wednesday that it suspended Dineen for one game. He
originally was suspended indefinitely for his actions on the ice while
vigorously disputing referee Chris Cozzan's decision to deny a last-second goal
by the Pirates in a 4-3 loss at Syracuse on Saturday night. Dineen, who wasn't
allowed behind the Portland bench during a 3-2 loss to Rochester Sunday, can
resume coaching the Pirates during their game Friday night against the
Manchester Monarchs at the civic center. ...

Forward Tyler Ennis, who leads AHL rookies in scoring, has been cleared to
return to the lineup after missing three games because of a concussion. ...

Rosters listing the names of the 20 skaters and two goalies from each team
eligible to play the rest of the season and the playoffs are scheduled to be
released today by the league. ...

Center Matt Caruana, who has three goals and six assists in 36 games during two
stints with the Pirates, returned to the ECHL's Gwinnet (Ga.) Gladiators.


Staff Writer Paul Betit can be contacted at 791-6424 or at:

pbetit@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 15, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

THE FREE TRADE ACCORD: Political Memo;
After Debate, Perot Is Down, but Definitely Not Out

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1213 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 13


Just three weeks ago, Representative Dick Swett of New Hampshire sounded
awestruck as he warmed up the crowd for Ross Perot at a rally in Manchester
intended to stir opposition to the North American Free Trade Agreement. "It's
very intimidating sharing this stage with such a national political leader like
Ross Perot," he said.

But now, he is not sure he would want to share a stage with Mr. Perot ever
again. "He has many people feeling he will eventually fade," Mr. Swett said
Friday night. "He has run into trouble where he has started to delve into issues
and not treated them with great depth."

His drive to defeat the trade pact has brought Mr. Perot more attention than at
any time since the Presidential campaign, but his stature has only diminished in
the polls. Yet even as political analysts argue that he should now forget any
designs he may have had on the White House -- especially after his lackluster
performance in the televised debate with Vice President Al Gore last Tuesday --
Mr. Perot remains an important player in American politics.

As candidates plot their campaigns for 1994, and 1996, Mr. Perot still figures
in their calculations.

"His fading may affect the likelihood that he will be elected President, but not
affect his ability to affect who will be elected President," said Ron Rapoport,
a professor of government at the College of William and Mary who has conducted
extensive polling on Mr. Perot.

That continuing influence reflects two advantages: the wealth of Mr. Perot (he
spent $1.7 million on a 30-minute commercial against the pact that was broadcast
last week, advisers say) and the abiding anger of a core of voters who appear
deeply attached to him.

There have been reports of Mr. Perot's political death before, notably when he
dropped out of the Presidential race last year, only to return and capture 19
percent of the vote. He has since assembled a national organization, United We
Stand America, and has hung on to a following of millions.

Thorn for Both Parties

Like George C. Wallace, the former Governor of Alabama, and the Rev. Jesse
Jackson, Mr. Perot has maintained a loyal following from his Presidential
campaign, but has been unable to expand the base. But unlike Mr. Wallace and Mr.
Jackson, both Democrats, Mr. Perot has the ability to rattle Republicans as well
as Democrats.

"Ralph Nader has been leading crusades for years," said Ed Sarpolus, a
Democratic pollster in Michigan who studies Perot voters. "But what's the one
thing he doesn't have? Money. Perot will always be a player because there will
always be this disgruntled group."

Still, Mr. Perot's decline is not merely wishful thinking by his detractors. For
months, polls have shown a steady decrease in Mr. Perot's popularity ratings.
And two national surveys show that his support dropped significantly after
Tuesday's debate, at least 10 points below President Clinton. But he still is
viewed favorably by some 30 percent of Americans, at least half of whom,
analysts say, would never abandon him.

Robert Schmuhl, chairman of the American studies department at the University of
Notre Dame, said there are no parallels to Mr. Perot's place in American
politics.

"There are any number of ironies in the emergence and prominence of Ross Perot:
that a billionaire is the champion of the working person, that someone who
clearly is singular and authoritarian in his business practices is a great
advocate of the people," he said. "But his supporters are looking beyond that --
and he is someone who symbolizes and personifies some of their frustrations."

Although they stopped short of arguing that Mr. Perot benefited from the debate,
the leaders of his organization in several states rejected the criticism that
Mr. Perot was ill-tempered and ill-prepared to debate the trade agreement with
Mr. Gore.

"Vice President Gore did politics as usual, personal attacks, the kind of thing
our supporters hate," said Kirk MacKenzie, the chairman of Mr. Perot's
organization in California. "It hasn't changed our resolve one iota."

Staying Around

While Mr. Perot is ever unpredictable, he has made clear that he will not
disappear after Congress votes on the trade pact next week. He has hinted that
he will oppose President Clinton's health care proposal, and in the debate he
made plain his interest in the mid-term elections next year. "If we have to," he
declared, "we, the people, the owners of this country, we'll clean up this mess
in Washington in '94."

Mr. Perot's threats are striking greater fear among Republicans than Democrats,
since more Republicans than Democrats identify themselves as Perot supporters.

"He can do us harm," said former Representative Vin Weber of Minnesota, a
prominent conservative. "If he goes into a Republican's district and says, 'I'm
against you,' it's a threat. That's why you see so many of these freshmen
against Nafta. They're nervous about losing a key part of their constituency.
He's becoming almost a cult leader in American politics."

Though Mr. Perot is still eyed with suspicion in the White House, he has also
become a valuable foil for the President. Labor unions and leading Democrats who
oppose the trade agreement, like Representatives Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri
and David E. Bonior of Michigan, made clear last week that they did not want to
be identified with Mr. Perot. As a result, the notion that Mr. Gore won the
debate has been left unchallenged.

Rather than praise Mr. Perot, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters
questioned why Mr. Perot represented their side in the debate. "Too bad the
organizations of working people, environmentalists, consumers, civil rights
advocates and others who oppose Nafta didn't get to play," the union said in a
statement.

Merits for Democrats

Stanley Greenberg, the President's pollster who has sounded warnings to the
Democrats about Mr. Perot, now suggests that it may be to their advantage to
keep him around.

Mr. Greenberg said he Mr. Perot could be the kind of useful opponent on health
care for the Administration that he has been on the trade accord. "Voters want
him around because he's a club they can use against Washington, against
Congress, against corruption, against gridlock, against special interests," he
said. "But voters aren't looking to Ross Perot on issues like health care and
Nafta."

Paul Begala, who has advised Mr. Clinton on how to react to Mr. Perot, blamed
the media for indulging him with the attention on which he thrives. "You cannot
say this guy will go away," he said. "Some of the reason is the media. They
don't want to hold him accountable."

In the end, it may be the media that helps diminish Mr. Perot's image. If the
pundits continue predicting the demise of Mr. Perot, it could become a
self-fulfilling prophecy, with the press not taking him as seriously.

But there is little evidence that Mr. Perot, with his quotable sound bites, is
about to stop creating what he calls "gorilla dust" -- that is, the dust that
fighting gorillas toss in the air to distract one another.

After all, not since Richard M. Nixon has a losing candidate for President
stayed so much in the public eye. And as much as he tried, even Mr. Nixon did
not manage to rebound so quickly.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                August 12, 2003 Tuesday All but Toronto Edition

Memories accentuate the positive: Researchers discover a bias toward happy
recollections

SOURCE: San Antonio Express-News

BYLINE: Marina Pisano

SECTION: Arts & Life; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 730 words

Loss, illness, setbacks -- negative events are inevitable in life. Fortunately,
researchers say, for most people pleasant events far outnumber unpleasant ones
and, it turns out, memory treats emotions associated with unhappy and happy
experiences differently. In fact, while happy and unhappy memories may be laid
down the same way, autobiographical memory is biased toward happiness.

"When people look back on their past, the emotion associated with negative
events fades at a faster rate than the emotion associated with positive events,"
says psychologist W. Richard Walker.

It's not that people forget life's painful bumps and bruises. "People remember
tragedies like folks dying, divorces and breakups, but the emotions associated
with them lose their punch. The memory details are still there. What's changing
are the emotions," says Walker, assistant professor at Winston-Salem State
University in North Carolina.

The fading affect, or emotional response, partly explains why many surveys show
people are generally happy with their lives, even if they have disabilities or
don't have much money.

Along with psychologists John J. Skowronski of Northern Illinois University and
Charles P. Thompson of Kansas State University, Walker reviewed a large body of
literature on autobiographical memory and data from about 500 personal diaries
he and others have collected over the years. The findings ("Life Is Pleasant --
and Memory Helps to Keep It That Way!") appeared in June in the American
Psychological Association's journal, Review of General Psychology.

Researchers looked both at how people recorded events in their diaries and how
they remembered them. They found real emotional fading, not just errors in
memory.

"It's the change in emotionality or affect that's interesting," says Skowronski.
"Losing your boy-friend in high school might have made you feel bad, but when
you think about it now, there's relatively little emotion associated with that
memory. When you think about the game-winning spike you might have made in
volleyball in high school, you probably still get a little bit of a rosy glow.
Positive events tend to retain their intensity."

Minimization is what researchers call the mechanism of fading emotions in memory
-- in this case, minimizing the effects of negative life events to get back to a
level of happiness.

"It's protective," Walker says. "It's the job of the human memory system not to
record information exactly, but to allow people to cope dynamically with new
challenges. It allows you to move on."

Walker's focus is how minimization works socially. "We have found in preliminary
data that when people socially rehearse their memory -- talk about it with
friends and family -- they hang on to the good stuff and get rid of the bad
stuff. Friends can offer advice and social support and serve as a sounding
board."

The bias toward happy memories and emotions should not be confused with Sigmund
Freud's theory of repressed memory. "Freud's notion was you forget the bad
[experience] and keep the emotions," Walker says. "We have actually found people
remember the bad and forget the emotions, and that's healthy."

But the fading affect doesn't work in everyone. In eight reviewed studies in
which diaries were tracked, 17 of 229 participants reported more unpleasant than
pleasant events. The researchers have begun to look at how personality and
physiological variables may affect how people experience fading emotion. In
people with mild depression, positive and negative emotions fade evenly. The
memory system bias toward happiness isn't there, researchers found.

Skowronski says one future area of study may be why some events violate the
fading-affect rule. He finds certain negative events are "psychologically open"
and have festering wounds associated with them that won't go away. Those events
don't lose their negative emotions as fast as "psychologically closed" events.

Overall, the fading affect allows people to cope with the hurts, savour the joys
and look ahead, even when the process seems to fly in the face of reality.

An example: "People always think the good old days were so good, when you know
the good old days sucked," Skowronski says. "There was terrible stuff happening,
mortality was high and you had a number of tragedies. Yet [people] often
remember the good old days as very good."

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 3, 2013 Sunday

BRIEF: Unclear how Boy Scouts' potential drop of gay ban would affect Erie
troops

BYLINE: Gerry Weiss, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 166 words


Feb. 03--The Boy Scouts of America next week is expected to consider eliminating
its national ban on openly gay Scouts and leaders.

It remains unclear how dropping the controversial sexual orientation policy
would affect local Boy Scout troops across the Erie region.

The proposal, scheduled for discussion at a national executive board meeting,
would remove the policy from the national organization's rules but still allow
local troops to decide for themselves whether to keep the ban in place.

The proposal comes seven months after one of the largest youth organizations in
the country announced it was reaffirming its policy on gay Scouts.

Some local Boy Scout leaders and parents of area Scouts believe the potential
reversal on the ban is due to declining membership and fundraising nationwide.

See Monday's Erie Times-News and GoErie.com for more coverage.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130203-EI-BRF-Unclear-how-Boy-Scouts-potential-drop-of-gay-ban-would-
affect-Erie-troops-0203-20130203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 22, 2004, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

New 'CSI' gets inside the investigators' heads

BYLINE: Bill Keveney

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 585 words

The new forensic cops on the CSI beat are hoping for the best of both worlds:
immediate acceptance from fans familiar with the first two series but enough
difference to avoid seeming like a mere copy.

Gary Sinise (Forrest Gump) and Melina Kanakaredes (Providence) hope CSI: NY
(CBS, tonight, 10 ET/PT) benefits from brand-name recognition and the signature
production quality of Jerry Bruckheimer's shows. But they also are eager to see
NY, which goes up against NBC heavyweight Law & Order, investigate the
investigators in greater detail.


Executive producer Anthony Zuiker, Sinise says, "wants to go deeper into how
this type of work could affect these people, how it affects who they are today
-- really explore that, rather than just relying on forensic science all the
time." Sinise, in his first regular TV series role, plays the leader of the NYPD
crime scene unit.

Sinise and Kanakaredes steer clear of strong comparisons to the first two CSIs,
saying they're not that familiar with them. And they praise the acting skills of
the stars of CSI: Crime Scene Investigation and CSI: Miami.

However, both say they were drawn to NY because of the emphasis on character
development, which they believe will set them apart without undermining the
investigative core of the "procedural" genre.

The NY crew comes with detailed back-stories. Sinise's Detective Mac Taylor, a
former Marine who served in Kosovo, is in therapy as he struggles to deal with
the death of his wife on 9/11. (Sinise, who was nominated for an Oscar for his
Lieutenant Dan in Forrest Gump, has his own military ties: involvement in USO
tours and a charity designed to provide school supplies to Iraqi children,
operationiraqichildren.org.)

Mac's once-close relationship with Detective Stella Bonasera (Kanakaredes) has
grown more distant after his wife's death. And Stella, a single workaholic, has
her own issues, some stemming from the childhood shock of finding the body of
her slain father, a man with a shady past.

Over the season, Zuiker says, the two characters, who have worked together for
eight years, will move to repair their relationship.

NY "is a really wonderful balance. It still gives the audience what makes CSI
the franchise special," Kanakaredes says. "I always make the analogy (of)
siblings. They come from the same parents, but they're specifically different."

The family resemblance will be apparent when it comes to solving crimes. The
unit is structurally similar, with Mac at the top and Stella second in
experience, supported by characters played by Eddie Cahill, Vanessa Ferlito,
Carmine Giovinazzo and Hill Harper.

And the crime-solving techniques will bear familiarity, save for the New York
background. Zuiker says crimes will reference New York to create a sense of
place, though most taping will take place in Southern California. (Law & Order
is shot in New York.)

"New York offers us a million stories," Sinise says.

By delving into the investigators' stories as they try to solve crimes, the
actors hope to explain what makes them tick. Sinise spent time with an
investigator who had worked 1,600 crime scenes. Kanakaredes asked real CSIs why
they got into the field.

"It wasn't just a random job they fell into. They have an unbelievable desire to
discover the truth," Kanakaredes says. "It's the same thing in Stella's life.
Various things that happened in her past brought her to this place."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY (2); Partners in crime detection:
Gary Sinise and Melina Kanakaredes explore how their work on CSI: NY affects
their characters' lives.

TYPE: TELEVISION

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

               September 13, 2003 Saturday Toronto / Late Edition

Lakers will be affected: Bryant's rape trial will have impact, coach admits

SOURCE: Agence France-Presse

SECTION: Sports; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 261 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES

LOS ANGELES - Los Angeles coach Phil Jackson said yesterday there was no doubt
Kobe Bryant's sexual assault charge will have an adverse affect on the Lakers.

"At first we were all in disbelief. Then the idea that it was going to affect
our season didn't sink in at that moment. But it will affect our season," said
Jackson at the team's training facility.

Jackson said he hasn't spoken to the Lakers star forward since August 22, the
day before Bryant's 23rd birthday. Bryant is hoping to be at the club's training
camp, which begins in two weeks, Jackson added.

"He said he hadn't touched a basketball," Jackson said. "He was still doing
therapy but physically felt fine.

"He said he was starting to think about basketball."

If proceedings move forward, Jackson wants to see court dates set as soon as
possible.

"We'd really like to see a court set a trial date that relieves the pressure of
the season, whenever that might happen."

Bryant has a preliminary hearing scheduled in Eagle, Colo., on October 9, the
day the team returns from training camp in Hawaii.

Jackson said it is up to Bryant to decide if he is ready to play games this
season, and he is confident Bryant will be able to focus once he gets on the
court.

"I think it's his choice. His genius is basketball. To do that, he's got to play
it at its highest level. I think it will provide him a space where he can do
what he does best," said Jackson.

The Lakers are planning a team meeting to discuss how to handle the extra
attention generated from the rape charge against Bryant.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Crime

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                October 13, 2016

                           Hudson City Bancorp, Inc.

                              West 80 Century Road
                               Paramus,  NJ 07652
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Hudson is a bank holding company of HCSB. Strong distribution network, enhanced
financial leverage and broad lending portfolio are key strengths of the company
even as its decline in operational performance and decrease in total deposits
are major areas of concern. Going forward, fluctuations in the interest rates,
changing regulations, and increase in the compliance costs may affect its
operations. However, positive outlook for the US card payments channel, growing
economy in the US and booming mortgage market in the US may provide ample growth
opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG DISTRIBUTION NETWORK


The company's strong distribution network helps it to serve a huge customer
base, ensuring strong top-line performance. It offers its products and services
across New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. As of December 2014, the company
had 135 branch offices including 97 branches in New Jersey, 12 branches in
Suffolk County, 10 branches in Westchester County, 9 branches in Fairfield
County, 5 branches in Richmond County and 1 branch office each in Putnam and
Rockland Counties. Such strong distribution network helps it to reach a wide
customer base, apart from providing a competitive edge over its peers.

BROAD LENDING PORTFOLIO


Broad lending portfolio of the company will allow it to attract more customers.
Hudson offers traditional deposit products, residential real estate mortgage
loans and consumer loans. The company purchases investments, and mortgages and
mortgage-backed securities and other securities issued by the US
government-sponsored enterprise. The company offers residential mortgage lending
that includes origination and purchase of first mortgage loans secured by one-
to four-family properties. The company also offers multi-family and commercial
mortgage loans. It secures commercial mortgage loans and multi-family loans by
office buildings and other commercial properties. Hudson City Bancorp also
offers fixed-rate second mortgage loans and home equity credit lines. Such a
broad lending portfolio will drive the company's top line performance.

ENHANCED FINANCIAL LEVERAGE


Enhanced financial leverage or solvency position of the company strengthens its
ability to borrow and repay money, which, in turn, enhances its business
operations. The solvency position of Hudson improved due to decrease in total
debts during FY2014. The company's total debts decreased from US$6,950 million
in FY2013 to US$6,150 million in FY2014, representing an annual decrease of
11.5%. The company's debt to equity ratio also decreased from 1.46 in FY2013 to
1.28 in FY2014. Improved solvency position indicates utilization of lower
financial leverage and its comparatively higher equity position, underlining the
better creditworthiness of the company.


WEAKNESSES:


DECREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Hudson exhibited decrease in its total deposits in FY2014, which may affect the
financial position of the company in the coming years. The company reported
total deposits of US$19.4 billion during the FY2014, with an annual decline of
9.8% over that of FY2013. Such decline in total deposits will affect the company
's financial strength and capitalization in the near future.

DECLINE IN OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE


Hudson displayed poor financial growth in FY2014during which the company
recorded significant decline in income levels. In FY2014, the company reported
revenues of US$1,278.1 million compared to US$1400.3 million in FY2013,
representing an annual decrease of 8.7% over that of FY2013. The decrease in the
company's revenues was primarily due to decrease of 14.2% in its interest income
in FY2014. During the same fiscal year, it recorded decline in its operating
income and net income. During FY2014, the company's operating income was US$263
million compared to US$305.3 million in FY2013, representing an annual decline
of 13.8% over that of FY2013. During FY2014, the net income of the company was
US$158 million compared to US$185.2 million in FY2013, representing an annual
decrease of 14.7% over that of FY2013. The company's poor operational
performance may reduce the investors' confidence and have a negative impact on
its growth prospects.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The company stands to benefit from the positive outlook for the US card payments
channel. According to in-house research, the US card payments channel, in terms
of transaction value is expected to reach US$7 trillion in 2017. In volume
terms, the channel is expected to reach 5,193.8 million cards in 2017. Growth is
expected to be driven by growing economic conditions, increase in disposable
income and the popularity of mobile commerce and online retail. As a provider of
credit and debit card in the US, Hudson is well placed to leverage this
opportunity.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2014, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.4%. It is further expected to reach 3.6% in FY2015. Positive growth
in the economy keeps a balance between exports and imports in the country,
further bolsters individual consumption and investment, and strengthens
government spending. Such economic growth is likely to enable favorable market
conditions in the country. As a provider of financial products and services in
the US, the company is well positioned to benefit from the growing economy.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming Mortgage Market in the US Booming mortgage market in the US offers
significant opportunities to the company. The US is the most active mortgage
market in the world and is expected to register substantial growth in future.
According to the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA), mortgage originations stood
at US$1,122 billion in 2014 and it is expected to reach US$1,222 billion by
2015. This is likely to enhance the demand for mortgage products and services
offered by the company, in turn driving its top-line performance.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increase in
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income earned on such sales. Increasing interest rates may adversely affect
the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases,
resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income
recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control,
including general economic conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the
money supply and policies of various governmental and regulatory authorities.
Volatile interest rates might impact the operating performance of the company as
its income and investment returns depend on the level of interest rates.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


The compliance costs for the company may continue to grow, as the current
financial crisis has led to additional regulations. The compliance burden on
banks probably increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future
crises. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors
Group, the Institute of International Finance, and the US Treasury issued
reports reflecting changes in the regulatory process and risk management
practices. The Federal Reserve also issued new regulations for mortgage
origination to guard consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory
environment and add extra pressure on banks, which are already in the process of
improving their own governance processes.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 3, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Sunday's trades

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: INDIANS GET ...


DION JAMES, OF - Age: 26. - Bats/throws: Left. - - Major leagues: 6th year, .282
avg., 14 HRs. - Best season: 1987, hit .312 with 10 HRs, 61 RBI with Atlanta.
- HOW IT AFFECTS INDIANS: Oddibe McDowell was a colossal flop. At least the
Julio Franco deal also brought from Texas 1B Pete O'Brien and 2B Jerry Browne,
who has emerged as the leadoff hitter the Indians hoped McDowell would be. James
will not play left field every day because of a weak arm. But James (.355
on-base percentage) batting No. 2 is an improvement on McDowell (.296 on-base).
The Tribe is hoping this little swap wakes up a disappointing offense.

BRAVES GET ...  - ODDIBE McDOWELL, OF - Age: 26. - Bats/throws: Left. - Major
leagues: 5th year, .246 avg., 59 HR, 127 SB. - Best season: 1986, hit .266 with
18 HR, 33 SB with Texas.
- HOW IT AFFECTS THE BRAVES: Manager Russ Nixon said McDowell will be given an
opportunity to lead off against right-handed pitching. He'll play in right,
replacing Tommy Gregg. Gregg is hitting .309, but the average has been in
decline. McDowell also can improve the outfield defense.

EXPOS GET ...  - ZANE SMITH, P - Age: 28. - Bats/throws: Left. - - Major
leagues: 6th year, 39-58, 4.06 ERA. - Best season: 15-10, 4.09 in 1987 with
Atlanta.
- HOW IT AFFECTS EXPOS: Montreal's superb, five-man rotation gets better. Smith,
28, can replace erratic Pascual Perez. The Expos, going for a championship now,
acquire better balance for their staff - a left-hander to join Mark Langston.
Their deals have thinned pitching prospects, but Dean was expendable because
they rate Marquis Grissom and Larry Walker higher.

BRAVES GET ...  - SERGIO VALDEZ, P - Age: 23. - Bats/throws: Right. - Major
leagues: 1986, 0-4, 6.84. - Best season: 1986 at Class A West Palm Beach (Fla.),
16-6, 2.47.

- NATE MINCHEY, P - Age: 19. - Bats/throws: Right. - Major leagues: None. - Best
season: 1988 at Class A Rockford (Ill.), 11-12, 4.79.

- KEVIN DEAN, OF - Age: 21. - Bats/throws: Right. - Major leagues: None. - Best
season: 1987 at Class A West Palm Beach (Fla.) .288, 10 HR, 24 SB.

HOW IT AFFECTS BRAVES: Atlanta opted for a package of potential. Valdez is a
good prospect. He'll join the Braves immediately. Dean is a first-class
prospect, a first-round draft pick in 1986. Scouts say he could develop into a
major league player. Minchey is a project.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Brussels terrorist attacks greatly affect Belgium-native Obasohan

BYLINE: Alex Byington, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 679 words


March 23--TUSCALOOSA -- Nearly a year ago, Retin Obasohan was the one flying
into Brussels International Airport.

Upon hearing the news of Tuesday's terrorist attacks in Brussels, just 30 to 45
minutes south of his hometown of Antwerp, the Alabama men's basketball senior
captain couldn't help but think back to the last time he walked the same paths
as the 34 people killed and more than 150 injured when three bombs exploded
inside the Belgium capital.

"Every time I fly here (to the United States), I go through Zaventem -- the
(Brussels) airport -- so I've been there multiple times," Obasohan said during a
news conference Tuesday afternoon, estimating he has gone through the airport
more than 15 times. "And I know exactly where that American Airlines gate is.
That's the one I take. So I'm very familiar with the ins and outs of that
airport."

Two weeks earlier, his parents and younger siblings were returning through those
same gates after visiting Obasohan for Alabama's Senior Night game.

"You want to say (it doesn't affect you), but you can't help but think about
it," Obasohan said. "Yeah, it's crazy to think that my parents and my family
were here only a couple of weeks ago. So I'm glad they made it back safely."

Three men described as Islamic extremists used bombs reportedly filled with
nails and other shrapnel, as well as chemical products and an Islamic State
flag. At least two of the suspected bombers reportedly were wearing suicide
vests. ISIS later claimed responsibility for the attacks.

"It's designed to cause chaos and fear and inconvenience, which is the reason
they hit airports, the reason they hit metros because they can shut down the
whole city," said Karl DeRousen Jr., a professor of political science and the
director of international studies at Alabama. "They're trying to inflict a cost
on the target country, so they're trying to inflict a cost upon the people of
Belgium.

"Like, alright, if you're going to be a part of a coalition that's committed to
getting rid of ISIS in a part of the world that's not even your own, you're
going to pay a price. Be prepared to pay a price."

Obasohan spoke for about 20 minutes Tuesday about the attacks.

"As a world, we can't continue hurting people. That's not what we were put on
this Earth to do. And, as we can see, it doesn't help us," Obasohan said. "(So)
I keep preaching love, because I truly believe love is probably the greatest
weapon more than anything."

Shortly after the explosions, Belgium shut down air travel through today and
ordered a citywide lockdown, which made it difficult for Obasohan to get through
to his family. That forced him to try FaceTime and Facebook.

"My family's good. They're safe and feeling well," Obasohan said. "It's good to
see my brothers, and my mother and my father smiled when I was talking to them."

Although his family and friends were safe, Obasohan knows one of those injured:
Brazilian-born basketball player Sebastien Bellin, who is a member of the Port
of Antwerp Giants, a professional basketball team in Obasohan's hometown.

"I think he got hurt and his sister put out a statement that he underwent
surgery on his back and he's feeling well," Obasohan said. "Obviously he still
had some damage done to his legs, but more than anything we're just happy that
he's still alive, because it could have turned out a lot worse."

Obasohan, who was named the SEC's Scholar Athlete of the Year earlier this month
as well as first team All-SEC following a senior season where he averaged more
than 17 points per game for the Crimson Tide (18-15), continued to speak of his
belief in a greater good.

"I just want to encourage people to have the right perspective," he said. "I
know this is painful, and I know a lot of people are hurt, and I know it's hard
to see the good in tragedy. But I truly believe that whoever's responsible for
this method for evil, our God will intend it for good. That's my take on it."

___ (c)2016 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160323-DD-Brussels-terrorist-attacks-greatly-affect
-Belgium-native-Obasohan-0323-20160323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2016 The Decatur Daily


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Surprising ways smoking affects your appearance

BYLINE: Laura Liera, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 357 words


Sept. 28--Smoking is a habit that causes changes in your skin, teeth and hair.
The more cigarettes you smoke, the faster the changes you'll start to see in
your body.

According to the latest statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, 42.1 million people 18 years or older in the United States are avid
smokers.

But how is it that a few puffs a day can affect your skin?

Bakersfield plastic surgeon Dr. Vip Dev said smoking damages blood vessels that
supply valuable nutrients to vital organs.

"Smoking can influence the skin to change immediately as nicotine causes the
smallest of blood vessels to decrease in size," he said. "Therefore, decreasing
blood supply and oxygen."

And there isn't a number of cigarettes that it takes for your skin to start
seeing a change.

Even one single cigarette can start the process of skin damage.

Those who start smoking at an early age will begin to age faster than those who
do not smoke.

Dev said smoking increases the aging process by speeding up degradation of
collagen and elastin. That's when you start seeing more wrinkles.

"Smokers can get increased lines or wrinkles around the lips that are very
difficult to treat once they appear," he said.

But it's not just your skin appearance that can age radically.

Fingertips and toes can change color over time.

The additives and tobacco in the cigarettes cause fingertips to turn yellow and
over time, even turn a bluish color due to decreased blood supply.

Although more than 3,200 people younger than 18 years of age smoke their first
cigarette each day, there are smokers that want to quit smoking.

CDC statistics say nearly seven in 10 adult cigarette smokers wanted to stop
smoking in 2011. And about 100,000 U.S. smokers are expected to ditch the habit
for good as a result of the 2012 Tips From Former Smokers campaign.

"The best way to quit the habit is to go cold turkey," Dev said. "Most of my
patients that have quit have had the most success this way."

___ (c)2015 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150928-BK-Surprising-ways-smoking-affects
-your-appearance-0928-20150928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2015 The Bakersfield Californian


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

New FCC radio band rules affect truckers, taxis, contractors

BYLINE: ELWOOD BREHMER, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 850 words


Jan. 30--Changes in Federal Communications Commission regulations regarding
two-way radio use have left Alaska truckers struggling to comply.

FCC "narrowbanding" rules went into affect Jan. 1 requiring all UHF/VHF radio
users to operate with 12.5 kHz, or narrowband radios, as opposed to traditional
25 kHz, wideband frequency radios.

Alaska Trucking Association Executive Director Aves Thompson said narrowbanding
is a "one size fits all" solution to crowded radio bands in the Lower 48. Using
12.5 kHz radios provides twice as many usable frequencies.

An FCC briefing for public safety organizations states that narrowbanding "will
relieve congestion in and result in increased channel availability for public
safety VHF/UHF systems."

Linda Peters is general manager of ProComm, a two-way radio retailer and service
provider in Anchorage. Peters said she has been working with her customers to
make sure they comply with the new rules.

"It's a tremendous business interruption," Peters said.

Radio users must reprogram their radios to operate on narrowband frequencies
while continuing to conduct business, she said.

Two-way radios often last 20 years or longer, Peters said, meaning some users
may need to buy new radios if their current device can't handle narrowbands. In
1997, the FCC began mandated all two-way radios sold in the U.S. to work on
narrowbands.

Longstanding FCC regulations require companies using two-way radios to operate
only on assigned frequencies.

In Alaska, Thompson said those regulations have largely been ignored by trucking
companies for decades because there are few radio users. Truck drivers have
crossed bands to notify one-another about road conditions, potential hazards or
to another truck carrying a wide load. Until now the FCC had looked the other
way, he said.

"It's my understanding (the FCC) took this opportunity to clean up the bands in
Alaska," Thompson said.

Fines for not complying with narrowbanding are up to $112,000 per incident,
Peters said.  The FCC used to be a sort of referee when the issue of radio
interference came up between two parties, according to Peters. It has become an
enforcement agency, she said.

"I wish I had 10 bucks for every time I had someone tell me they've been using
two-way radios for 20 years without a license and they've never seen the FCC.
That party's over," Peters said.

Peters noted that narrowbanding applies to more than just trucking companies.
She said the taxi, timber and mining industries are just a couple examples of
other groups who need to re-apply for FCC licenses.

"A mining company has to constantly add its contractors to its license or add
frequencies if it wants to communicate over radio and be compliant," Peters
said.

Bill Brownlow, transportation frequency coordinator for the American Association
of State Highway Transportation Officials in Washington, D.C., said in
mid-January he was told by FCC officials that upwards of 20,000 commercial
two-way radio licensees had not altered their licenses to become narrowband
compliant.

In late December, the Alaska Trucking Association, or ATA, applied for
exemptions with the FCC, Thompson said. The exemptions would allow for two open
frequency bands -- an "alert" band and a "chat" band -- to be used by any
two-way radio users, including public safety organizations. He said a ruling on
the exemptions is expected sometime in February or early March.

Thompson said Brownlow helped the ATA through the application process.

"We expect (the application) to go through with no problems whatsoever,"
Brownlow said.

Alert bands are available nationwide, Brownlow said, but the ATA is the first
statewide organization to apply for one that he is aware of, he said.

Thompson said a radio band open to many users is critical to Alaska, especially
if the state has to truck liquefied natural gas from the North Slope to supply
its energy needs. Such a venture would require "hundreds of trucks moving
enormous amounts of gas" he said, and something as simple as a radio band could
increase safety immensely, Thompson said.

ATA applied for channel 151.49 MHz to be the alert band, Brownlow said, because
the channel is already set aside for the same use in British Columbia by
Industry Canada, the Canadian equivalent to the FCC. There it is referred to as
the Road Resource channel and used primarily to monitor road conditions, he
said. According to Industry Canada there is only one licensee on the channel in
the Yukon Territory, Brownlow said. Which channel a chat band would be on is
unknown.

If its application is granted, as expected, ATA's license to operate on channel
151.49 MHz would apply to all ATA members, Thompson said.

Peters likened the alert band to widely licensed marine distress bands used on
ocean-going vessels.

"Our interest in this is to provide communication for our member drivers as
needed and to eventually extend the network out to other drivers," Thompson
said.

___ (c)2013 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130130-JA-New-FCC-radio-band-rules-affect
-truckers-taxis-contractors-0130-20130130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2013 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             WGNO-TV, Metairie, La.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 1, 2011 Tuesday

Egyptian Unrest Could Affect Louisiana Oil Industry

BYLINE: Anne Cutler, WGNO-TV, Metairie, La.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 261 words


Feb. 01--NEW ORLEANS --

Political unrest in Egypt is expected to peak Tuesday, with a protest organizers
hope will shut down transportation to Cairo. The protest is another effort to
oust President Hosni Mubarak after nearly 30 years in power.

Although the conflict is halfway around the world, there's a key element that
impacts us here in Louisiana. Egypt is not an oil producing country but, the
Suez Canal is a major route for oil transport. If that shuts down, it could
affect one of our biggest industries.

The U.S. Energy Department reports almost 2 million barrels of oil moving
through the canal each day, so any disruption or even threat of disruption could
cause oil prices to skyrocket. If international prices go up, it could increase
demand for oil from other parts of the world, including Louisiana. All 64 of our
parishes produce oil or gas, while oil and gas operations in the Gulf of Mexico
have a $70 billion annual impact. We spoke with Loyola University Professor
Behrooz Moazami, who said the people of Egypt know the political power of oil
and the impact it has on the world economy.

So, just how big has the impact been? Oil has jumped about 8 percent in the last
two trading sessions, but so far, the Suez Canal remains open and shipping has
not been interrupted.

To see more of WGNO-TV, go to http://www.abc26.com/. Copyright (c) 2011,
WGNO-TV, Metairie, La. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110201-5ME-Egyptian-Unrest-Could-Affect
-Louisiana-Oil-Industry-0201-20110201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5ME


                                 Copyright 2011


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 12, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Brain Part Appears to Accentuate Negativity;
Imaging Scans Used To Study Dour Outlook

BYLINE: Shankar Vedantam, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 845 words


A region of the brain a few inches behind the bridge of the nose may hold the
key to why some people have a negative outlook on life, scientists announced
yesterday.

The study published yesterday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of
Sciences is the first to examine the neurological roots of what scientists call
"negative affect," a trait that predisposes people to anxiety, irritability,
anger and a range of other unpleasant moods.

By suggesting that an unconscious disposition toward these emotions may be
molded by a specific area in the brain, the research moves into previously
uncharted waters. It is part of a broad effort by neuroscientists in recent
years to use powerful brain imaging technology to pinpoint the areas of the
brain responsible for various emotions.

"It touches on an important issue -- the relationship between individual
differences in personality and brain function," said Marcus Raichle, a professor
of radiology and neurology at Washington University in St. Louis. "There have
been for many, many years attempts to explain the differences we observe among
ourselves -- [why] we have different personalities."

"If you believe behavior and brain are related, you would have to suppose there
are differences in brain systems that lead to differences in personality,"
Raichle said.

For the study, scientists at Vanderbilt University, the Veterans Affairs Medical
Center in Minneapolis and the University of Minnesota asked 89 healthy people to
take detailed tests that measured their emotional outlook over the previous
month. The tests were designed to screen out people's mood states on the day
they were evaluated, and look instead for a pattern of emotional attitudes -- in
other words, an outlook or a temperament.

While the subjects rested after the tests, the researchers conducted brain scans
that measured changes in blood flow within their brains. The scientists found
that increased brain activity in one particular region -- the ventromedial
prefrontal cortex -- was associated with those who reported greater negative
affect.

Many factors besides physiology are responsible for personality, and other parts
of the brain are involved in emotions. But researchers say the circumstantial
evidence indicates that the ventromedial prefrontal cortex acts as a sort of
volume knob for emotions. While the emotions may be produced elsewhere in the
brain in response to stimuli, this region of the brain can make them deafening
or muted.

As a result, some people may react sharply in a situation, while others appear
unruffled. The volume knob, in other words, may be what people interpret as
temperament.

Most studies of brain activity have focused on trying to match regions of the
brain with particular moods, or abilities such as vision, language and physical
movement. By focusing on an underlying trait or a temperament in healthy people,
scientists hope to eventually understand why healthy people react so differently
to the same cues, and why people with mental illnesses have extreme responses.

In turn, this could lead to better treatments of both psychiatric medicines and
psychological therapy. Current treatments for these emotional disorders may in
fact work by affecting these same brain areas.

"There's at least one component of the biology of temperament in the
ventromedial prefrontal cortex," said Jose[acute] V. Pardo, an associate
professor of psychiatry at the University of Minnesota and one of the
researchers who conducted the study.

"In a practical sense, what we know is a person with higher activity in this
area can be predicted to have a high level of negative affect," Pardo said.
"High levels of negative affect have been shown to have a high risk of
depression and anxiety. This may begin to tie aspects of temperament to
disease."

Although negative affect may seem like the opposite of positive affect,
researchers do not find that people with diminished activity in this part of the
brain are "happier." Instead, patients with damage to the ventromedial
prefrontal cortex have previously been found to lack normal responses to
emotional cues, according to the paper.

"What you see in people with brain lesions in this area is they don't seem to be
able to appreciate risk," said David Zald, an assistant professor of psychology
at Vanderbilt University and the lead author of the study. "They can tell you
they are doing something that has a good chance of failing, but they don't have
the emotional reaction to it -- they don't have visceral arousal."

For example, Zald said, "if you are betting a lot of money, you may get a
feeling in the pit of your stomach -- they won't experience that, they won't get
as upset about it."

The example serves notice to those who might want scientists to find a way to
shut off the brain region in order not to be bothered with anxious or irritable
thoughts.

"Anxiety is often helpful to us -- it is protective," Zald said. "If you don't
have it, you're likely to not detect when you are in danger or when you are
taking too big a risk."

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Press Pass: Vang Lutheran Church remembered, Texas abortion law could affect
laws in ND, Police Blotter

BYLINE: Sydney Mook, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 688 words


June 28--Here's some of our top stories from Saturday's edition. It's your Press
Pass to some of the best stories we bring you every day.

Want your Press Pass fast? Sign up for our email alerts.

Vang Lutheran Church remembered in Dunn County

On a high hill, surrounded by a red dirt gravel road and rolling farmland, sat
what remained of the Vang Lutheran Church.

The white century-old church was burnt to its foundation on June 13 after
lightning struck the steeple. All that remained were bits of charred materials
and the memories that families had shared.

On Sunday, a memorial service was held in remembrance of the church. Families
and friends sat across from the rubble in the Vang Cemetery, where many of their
loved ones and descendants were buried.

Overturning of Texas abortion law could revive challenge to N.D. law requiring
admitting privileges

A U.S. Supreme Court ruling Monday striking down a Texas law that required
abortion clinic doctors to have admitting privileges at a local hospital could
revive a legal challenge to a similar law already in place in North Dakota.

Tammi Kromenaker, director at the Red River Women's Clinic in Fargo, the state's
lone abortion clinic, was in Washington, D.C., to hear the Supreme Court issue
its 5-3 ruling, saying she was "extremely happy" and calling it an historic
decision.

Camping restrictions at western N.D. WMAs lifted for days after Fourth of July

The North Dakota Game and Fish Department is lifting the Tuesday-Wednesday
no-camping restriction during the week of July 4 on wildlife management areas in
western North Dakota and along Lake Sakakawea that otherwise prohibit camping
during those two days of the week.

This waiver will allow overnight camping on July 5 and 6 at Bull Creek in
Billings County; Alkali Creek and Spring Creek in Bowman County; the Killdeer
Mountains in Dunn County; Camels Hump Lake in Golden Valley County; Crown Butte
Lake and Storm Creek in Morton County; and Cedar Lake and Speck Davis Pond in
Slope County.

N.D. in 'very precarious' situation of trying to predict oil, ag prices for
budgeting

North Dakota is in a "very precarious" position of not knowing where slumping
oil and agricultural commodity prices will land as the possibility of a special
legislative session looms if next month's state revenue forecast looks bleak,
the state's chief budget official told lawmakers Monday.

If the forecast predicts a significant revenue shortfall, Gov. Jack Dalrymple
will consider calling lawmakers into special session to address it through
targeted cuts or revenue transfers, as opposed to an across-the-board allotment
like the 4.05 percent cuts sustained by most state agencies in February, Office
of Management and Budget Director Pam Sharp told the Legislature's Budget
Section.

Petition calls for change to UND logo

An online petition with more than 3,600 signatures is asking the University of
North Dakota to change its logo less than a week after it debuted to the public.

The change.org petition was started by Sarah Wallace of Killdeer, N.D., on
Thursday, the day after the university unveiled its Fighting Hawks logo.

The petition is about the "complete mishandling of creating a new logo the
alumni, student body, fans, Sioux and friends can rally behind," according to
the website. It also calls for a local artist to create the logo and names
Bennett Brien, creator of the school's previous Fighting Sioux logo, as a person
who could design it.

Man claiming he's a shapeshifter enters Belfield home to 'find a lady to heal'

A Belfield resident reported to Stark County Sheriff's deputies that a tall,
250-pound Native American man knocked on her door on Sunday afternoon and then
entered her home and began speaking to her children.

The man told the children he was a shapeshifter and a healer from Mandaree who
was looking for a lady to heal.

The man then left in a white Pontiac sedan and then called the house again 30
minutes after leaving. His whereabouts are unknown.

___ (c)2016 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160628-QX-Press-Pass-Vang-Lutheran-Church-remembered-Texas-abortion-law-could-
affect-laws-in-ND-Police-Blotter-0628-20160628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2016 The Dickinson Press


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday

Athletes, scientists to tackle North Dakota Badlands to see oil boom affects

BYLINE: Katherine Grandstrand, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 802 words


April 20--All in the name of science, a seemingly unlikely pairing of athletes
and scientists will descend upon the North Dakota Badlands in an effort to
catalog the area and determine if the oil boom is affecting the wilderness from
the Killdeer Mountains to the Elkhorn Ranch to Sully Creek State Park, south of
Medora.

"Everything's still set to go," said Simon Donato, Adventure Science founder.
"We're not going to stop because of the snow, but it certainly added some
considerations for us now."

On Monday, Earth Day, Adventure Science will launch the first 100 Miles of Wild
trip through the North Dakota Badlands.

A former ExxonMobil geologist who worked in the oil sands field in Canada,
Donato is no stranger to oil development. He had heard stories about how oil
development was encroaching on the wilderness of the North Dakota Badlands.

"Our whole project -- it's a neutral project," he said. "We take no sides. We go
out there objectively and just collect data. What we want to do out there is
say, 'OK, this area is going to be expanded into. They're bringing rigs in,
they're building roads. What stands to be lost? What are they moving into? What
are they moving over?'

"Until boots hit the ground, we don't know what stands to be lost."

Joining the Adventure Science team are archaeologists Andrew Reinhard, of
Princeton, N.J., and Richard Rothaus, of Sauk Rapids, Minn. The duo had planned
a camping trip to the North Dakota Badlands last year, but had to put it off
when Rothaus broke his leg.

At the time Reinhard had never been to North Dakota, but had been backpacking in
the other 47 contiguous states.

"It was 15 below out with no wind chill, which was a little crazy," he said of
his first trip to the state earlier this year, during the Punk Archaeology
conference in early February in Fargo.

The Adventure Science trip will be his first backpacking experience here.
Rothaus has been to the Badlands several times throughout his life and had been
looking forward to the camping trip. When the pair talked about planning the
Badlands trek again, they discussed the changes happening in the area and
decided that their camping trip could be something more.

Rothaus and Reinhard had both completed Adventure Science trips before, and
thought the North Dakota Badlands would make a perfect setting for a trip. They
set about getting Donato on board.

"Now we've got a full-on expedition to go out and check the status of the
wilderness," Reinhard said.

The group will start in the Killdeer Mountains, head west to the Elkhorn Ranch
and drop south to Sully Creek State Park.

"I have a real curiosity to see what's going on in the wild spaces," Reinhard
said. "If what's going on in the Bakken formation is affecting anything -- maybe
it is, maybe it isn't we just don't know."

The scientists will start Monday and the athletes -- who Rothaus and Reinhard
admit move much quicker -- will join Friday.

"We basically combine athletes and scientists to go tackle projects that most
other people aren't really interested in doing," Donato said. "We take things
out of the lab."

The athletic team is comprised of ultra-marathoners and other endurance sport
enthusiasts, Rothaus said.

The team has mapped out their route, including camping sites, although those
might have to change due to snow and mud.

"If we have to search a little harder to find those ideal camp spots -- right
now we've got our route mapped and we've got the areas that we'd like to camp --
we've got the coordinates selected for those already," Donato said. "We will be
fluid in the field in the sense that we're going to kind of have to adapt on the
fly if the area that we wanted to camp is a mud hole because of the snow."

The snow and mud might make archeological finds more difficult, but should not
alter the rest of their mission, Donato said.

The crew will still stay in tents overnight, but participants had to provide
their own winter-camping gear before signing up, he said.

The team will not be completely alone; there will be support vehicles available
for emergencies and to move equipment from site to site.

"We're going in prepared for anything from tornados to blizzards," Reinhard
said. "If we need to bail out if things get really hairy, we'll have support,
which is really good."

This will be the eighth mission led by Donato of Calgary, Albert, Canada.

Adventure Science's first trip was a search and rescue mission after millionaire
pilot Steve Fossett disappeared in the Sierra Nevada Mountains in 2008.

The team will be updating interested parties through online resources when
available. For a complete list, visit www.adventurescience.ca.

More from around the web

___ (c)2013 the Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130420-QX-Athletes-scientists-to-tackle-North-Dakota-Badlands-to-see-oil-boom-
affects-0420-20130420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2013 The Dickinson Press


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 1, 2006 Saturday

Marijuana ruling affects decision on machine guns;
Court decides if homegrown marijuana can affect interstate commerce, so must
amateur assault rifles

BYLINE: Chris Metinko, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 300 words


A federal appeals court in San Francisco on Friday reversed its earlier decision
concerning homemade machine guns, basing its new opinion on a U.S. Supreme Court
medical marijuana ruling.

The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the federal conviction of Robert
Stewart of Mesa, Ariz., for illegal possession of five homemade machine guns. He
is currently serving a five-year sentence for the crime.

In its 2003 ruling, the court said Stewart did not violate federal gun laws
outlawing machine guns because he built the guns himself, therefore not
affecting interstate commerce. Federal gun law is based on Congress'
constitutional power to regulate interstate commerce.

That decision came into question last year after the Supreme Court ruled against
Oakland resident Angel Raich, a medical marijuana user. In that ruling, the
court said Congress has the right to regulate homegrown marijuana in individual
states because the marijuana could impact the supply and demand, thus also
affecting interstate commerce.

After that decision was handed down, the high court asked the 9th Circuit to
re-examine the Stewart case.

In the new ruling, 9th Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski said homemade machine guns,
like homegrown marijuana, has a market and therefore could impact interstate
commerce. Therefore, Congress would have the power to regulate sales of such
guns.

"Homemade guns, even those with a unique design, can enter the interstate market
and affect supply and demand," Kozinski wrote. "We therefore hold that Congress
had a rational basis for concluding ... possession of homemade machine guns
could substantially affect interstate commerce in machine guns."

Thomas Haney, Stewart's attorney, said this was likely the end of the 6-year-old
case.

Reach Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 5, 2017

                       Lady Burd Exclusive Cosmetics Inc.

                             44 Executive Boulevard
                               Farmingdale 11735
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Lady Burd Exclusive Cosmetics, Inc. (Lady Burd) is a manufacturer of personal
care products. Strong focus on quality, wide product portfolio and strong
production base are the company's key strengths, whereas geographic
concentration remains an area of concern. In the future, rising labor costs in
the US, rising counterfeit goods market,and stringent regulations may affect its
business operations. However, growth of web-based store concept, private labels
gaining momentum and increasing consumer spending in the US are likely to offer
growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG FOCUS ON QUALITY
The company's strong focus on quality helps it to build customer confidence.
Lady Burd manufactures its products in accordance with Good Manufacturing
Procedure (GMP). The company also follows the recommendations of the FDA and its
facilities are set up in accordance with CTFA Quality Assurance Guidelines. Lady
Burd uses formulas, which are in compliance with global requirements. The
products offered by the company are also animal cruelty free. Such strong focus
on quality enhances the brand image of the company.
WIDE PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Wide product portfolio helps the company to serve multiple requirements of its
customers. Lady Burd offers its personal care products under four product
categories: Color, Skincare, Mineral, and Pro Brush and Accessories. The
company's product portfolio comprises paint sealant, total correctors, liquid
blush, body glitter, lip sparkle concealers, cake eyeliner, eye enhancers,
liquid body kamaflage, exfoliating grains, perfect cleansing foam,
cleansers-deep pore clarifying cleanser, brightening liquid complex, eye and lip
wrinkle smoother, age defying eye cream, action c mist, action c foaming
cleanser, action c serum treatment. It also offers foundation primer, brow bags,
oil free pressed powder, indelible gel eyeliner, bold effect shadow, sparkling
mascara, lip treatments, facial scrub, night time renewal cream, age defying
milky cleanser, vitamin c toner, acne treatment gel, mineral loose foundation
powder, collage mineral foundation, mineral eye shadow, mineral blush, and
mineral bronzer among others. Lady Burd offers counter-top displays, accessories
and over 25 types of make-up brushes. Broad product portfolio enables the
company to cater to a broad customer base, which in turn increases the company's
revenue stream.
STRONG PRODUCTION BASE
Lady Burd's strong production base helps it in enhancing its portfolio of
offerings. The company has 60,000 sq. ft. highly advanced production facility,
which includes a modernized lab and technologically advanced contract
manufacturing equipment for all color cosmetics, skin care and hair care, among
others. It also offers a series of formulas and thousands of colors. Its service
offering includes contract manufacturing, custom printing and custom labels,
among others. Strong production base coupled with advanced technology helps Lady
Burd develop innovative products that meet growing needs of its customers.

WEAKNESSES:
GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION
Limited geographic presence increases the business risks of the company. The
company's operations are concentrated only in the US. The company's dependence
on single region for its revenues may affect its business operations, if the
region experiences any political and economical change. This also acts as an
obstacle for the expansion plans of the company, as wider reach in terms of
geography would mean reaping more benefits, eventually improving the profit
margins, attaining economies of scale and recognition on a worldwide basis.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASING CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company stands to benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by The US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
December 2015, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 0.3% or US$42.5
billion and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.3% or US$37.8
billion. The real DPI increased by 0.4% in December 2015, as compared to
increased of 0.2% in November 2015. For the entire 2015 period, PI in the US
increased by 4.5%, DPI increased by 3.8% and PCE increased by 3.8% as compared
to 2014. The real DPI increased by 3.5% and real PCE increase by 3.1% during the
same period. The company offers a wide portfolio of products under various
brands, which enjoy wide reach through its marketing activities in the US.
Growing personal income, disposable personal income and personal consumption
expenditures indicates improved consumer spending in the US, which may
positively affect the purchases of products and performance of companies such as
Lady Burd.
GROWTH OF WEB-BASED STORE CONCEPT
The company has an opportunity to increase its sales amidst the positive outlook
of electronic consumer market. According to the Census Bureau of the Department
of Commerce, during the third quarter of 2015 (adjusted for seasonal variation),
estimated e-commerce sales in the US was US$87.5 billion, an increase of 4.2% as
compared to the second quarter of 2015. For the same period, the total retail
sales were estimated at US$1,185 billion, an increase of 15.1% as compared to
second quarter of 2015. E-commerce sales in the third quarter of 2015 accounted
for 7.4% of total sales. In the third quarter of 2015, the estimated e-commerce
and total retail sales increased 15.2% and 1.6% from the third quarter of 2014,
respectively. As the company already has a sound presence in internet format,
the company could further enhance its competitive position in the ecommerce
market, which would help the company to enhance its sales through brand
awareness and user friendly features through its websites. Besides, it will save
on the operating costs, which are much lower in the online retail format as
compared to physical store format.
PRIVATE LABELS GAINING MOMENTUM
The company stands to benefit from the increasing demand for private label
products. Following a period of slow and negative economic growth, private label
sales have been rising as consumers increasingly shop to a budget. While price
is a prime factor driving private label sales, improvements in packaging and
quality have helped to remove the stigma attached to buying store brands. Lady
Burd offers a wide array of its own labeled private label products that include
skin care products, color cosmetics, mineral cosmetics, hair care products,
children's products, makeup brushes, cosmetic bags, cases and displays among
others. These products are offered under the brand Lady Burd. Thus, the company
has a strong opportunity to increase its profit margins in the future.

THREATS:
RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS MARKET
The company's business may be affected as a result of the huge influx of
counterfeit products globally. High penetration of counterfeit merchandise may
lower the company's sales and affect its profit margins. As customers mistakenly
purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, the low quality of the
products affects consumer confidence and damages the brand image of the genuine
company. According to International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) the global
economic and social impacts of counterfeiting and piracy is expected to reach
US$2 trillion by 2015. International trade in fakes is expected to increase to
US$960 billion by 2015. Through low price offerings, the imitated goods affect
the sales of the branded and genuine products. As the company deals with several
national branded products, it is exposed to such challenges. The company markets
some of its products under Lady Burd brand. Therefore, it is prone to these
challenges and any under performance of the counterfeit products may have a
major affect on the company's revenues.
RISING LABOR COSTS IN THE US
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees result in an increase in labor costs. The federal minimum
wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The
minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$7.3 per hour in January 2016. The 29
states and the District of Columbia have minimum wages more than federal rate.
These wages range from US$7.5 per hour in Maine and New Mexico to US$10.5 per
hour in Washington D.C. The minimum wage in California is expected to increase
to US$10 per hour starting 1 January 2016.Since Lady Burd has operations in the
US, such rise in minimum wages may increase its operating costs, which in turn
affects its profit margins.
STRINGENT REGULATIONS
Lady Burd has to abide by stringent regulations and specifications pertaining to
its products in its domestic and export markets. For instance, in the US, the
food, drug and cosmetics industry is regulated by Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act. The FDA oversees compliance with the regulations outlined in the
act. The FDA may conduct investigations and examinations of products. It may
also inspect establishments in which products are manufactured or held, and may
seize adulterated or misbranded products. The FDA regulates products worth US$1
trillion per year and ensures the safety of all drugs, biological products,
medical devices, animal drugs, feed and all food. Lady Burd manufactures
personal care products and sells across the US. The company has to incur
significant cost to conform to the regulations and any non conformance may
result in fines and other penalties which may be detrimental to the company's
image.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES
LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Same-day vote ruling won't affect county

BYLINE: Greg Olson, Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Sept. 29--Clerk Jill Waggener said a federal judge's decision to stop Election
Day voter registration at polling places in Illinois should not affect Morgan
County.

"This ruling is not an issue in Morgan County for two reasons: We do not use
electronic poll books in any of the precincts and we fall under the 100,000
population threshold addressed by the law," Waggener said.

A state law required counties of more than 100,000 people that use electronic
books to record voter registration to allow for Election Day registration at
every polling place. Counties without electronic polling books and below 100,000
population had to at least provide same-day registration at a centralized
location.

Voters will still be able to register Election Day, Nov. 8, and cast a ballot
for president but only at a limited number of sites, including the county
clerk's office, according to the Illinois State Board of Elections.

Democrats pushed through the same-day registration law in the lame-duck session
that followed the November 2014 election, weeks before Bruce Rauner took over
from Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn. It was billed as a way to get more people
involved in the democratic process after a trial program resulted in long lines,
particularly in Chicago.

However, a lawsuit filed last month challenged the same-day registration law.
The case ended up before U.S. District Judge Samuel Der-Yeghiayan, who found
that "while it may be true that the polling place registration option can assist
voters in certain populous counties, that option cannot be provided at the
expense of lower population counties, thereby decreasing their political
representation in Illinois."

Early voting in the Morgan County clerk's office begins today and runs through
Nov. 7, the day before the general election. Voters also may request an
application to vote by mail from today through Nov. 3.

Grace-period voting begins Oct. 12 and goes through Nov. 8. Grace period is when
qualified people can register to vote or update registration at the county
clerk's office.

"I encourage everyone to take advantage of their voting privileges," Waggener
said. "Whether a person wants to vote for every race or just one, each vote is
important."

Greg Olson can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1224, or on Twitter
@JCNews_greg.

___ (c)2016 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160929-JJ-Same-day-vote-ruling-won-t-affect-county-0929-20160929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2016 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The News Tribune

                           September 26, 2005, Monday

Former locomotive engineer blazes trail for women on the rail

BYLINE: By Kelly Kearsley

LENGTH: 857 words



On Christmas Eve this year, Tacoma Rail Superintendent Dennis Dean will retire
after three decades with the railroad, and Paula Henry, now the utility's
assistant superintendent, will take his place.

Henry, 42, has wound her way through Tacoma Public Utilities, starting in the
city's power and conservation department shortly after she graduated from
college and advancing to the railroad's second in command, a position she's held
for eight years. She's the first female superintendent of a Tacoma-owned
utility.

Henry takes the helm at a time when the city's littlest utility-that-could is
experiencing unprecedented growth.

The News Tribune recently talked with Henry about her new job, the challenges
the railroad faces and its future.


QUESTION: How will your job change as superintendent?

ANSWER: The biggest difference is having a larger role in the region. There's a
big movement to take a look at the roads and rails and how to maximize that
infrastructure. We're taking a look at the Pacific Northwest and Western
Washington, how to maximize our infrastructure and where the growth happens.

The day-to-day operations will stay with the (assistant superintendent)
position, and I'll be more overseeing the policy, the bigger picture and how the
port and other jurisdictions play a role.


Q: What do you enjoy about working for the railroad?

A: One moment you could be dealing with a senator or congressman, trying to get
more funding, and the next moment you could be in your steel-toed boots out
there looking at an issue with a mechanic.

The most exciting thing is knowing what a big difference we make globally.
Whatever is happening in Asia or around the world that affects them affects us,
and what we do affects them.


Q: You are a member of the National Association for Female Railroad Executives
and National Association for Female Executives. Are there challenges leading in
a more male-dominated industry?

A: To me, it's a non-issue if you have the skill set that allows you to do that
job. It's about knowing the day-to-day operations. For me, having been a
locomotive engineer has helped me understand the mechanical side and the
operations side. It's also about understanding how the railroad works and
especially how a municipal-owned railroad works. It's very different from the
private sector.


Q: What are some of those differences between a city-owned versus private
railroad?

A: The biggest difference is on the competition side. A municipal-owned railroad
is very public, so when we are competing with another mode of transportation,
they already know my starting point, from our finances to future business plans.

I think there's a perception out there -- that's not true -- that we can't
compete because we are municipal.

But the way we run this railroad as a utility and our cost service actually
makes us more competitive with private companies. We keep our rates down because
we don't make a profit.


Q: The city-owned railroad has doubled the number of carloads it handles in the
past seven years. What is driving Tacoma Rail's growth?

A: Our partnership with the port is key. I think there's a recognition between
both entities that their growth affects us and our growth affects them. Also our
mainlines -- the Burlington Northern and the UP -- are growing. The rails are
actively marketing to their customers, and we have to be able to handle their
customers.

Part of our growth is also being asked by the main lines to do other types of
activities, not just switching railroad cars, but also maintaining locomotives.


Q: What challenges is the railroad facing?

A: The challenge for us is very clear: It's infrastructure. We are working with
the state to look at how to maximize the use of our railroad and looking at
regional rail corridor study to determine how we can support the growth in
Frederickson, the growth at the Port of Tacoma and the economic initiatives of
all the jurisdictions we serve. Right now, we're getting ahead of the curve.

We're looking out of the railroad box, thinking about how we can talk with our
customers, change our schedules and change their type of service to accommodate
growth in the future.



THE TACOMA RAIL FILE:

--Its role: A city-owned railroad responsible for switching freight between
Tacoma industries and the major transcontinental railroads. Other divisions
serve Frederickson, Chehalis, Morton and east Olympia.

--Tracks: 204 miles

--Employees: 101

--Web site: www.tacomarail.com

--Management: Paula Henry, the railroad's assistant superintendent will become
Tacoma Rail's superintendent at the end of the year. Dennis Dean, the railroad's
superintendent, is retiring.


-----

To see more of The News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.TheNewsTribune.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The News Tribune, Tacoma,
Wash.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: TC-RAIL-WOMEN-20050926

JOURNAL-CODE: TC

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                        Copyright 2005 The News Tribune


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             June 11, 2005 Saturday

LETTERS

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 489 words


Outsourcing affects all Americans

In the last election, too many voters were preoccupied with Christian moral
issues and were under the impression that the problems of jobs outsourced and
the related trade deficits didn't have an impact on them.

Well. guess again.

Outsourcing affects us all, it even affects the price of gasoline.

Let me explain: The more jobs we outsource means that more goods and services
get created and produced in countries other than the U.S. If more outsourced
goods and services are being produced overseas rather than in the U.S., then the
higher our trade deficits will go.

Running record-setting trade deficits, like the U.S. is currently doing, has the
unsettling effect of devaluating American currency.

When the U.S. currency goes down, then just about everything imported including
energy resources (the vast majority of which are imported) goes up, way up.

So the next time you fill up your gas tank with the price of gasoline going
through the roof, remember the basic principles of Newtonian physics: "For every
action there is an equal and opposite reaction."

Brendan Boyd

West El Paso

Taxes, taxes, taxes

Congratulations to John Cook.

We survived Carter, Clinton, Ramirez and Caballero. I suppose we will survive
Cook.

I live on disability income only. My rent went up $60 per month because of last
year's tax increases.

If the taxes go up again for any reason, I will move to New Mexico -- especially
if Mr. Cook uses those certificates of obligation.

Taxes are higher here than in Los Angeles with less service. Why?

Roger Curie

East El Paso

Good news

I am very happy with the runoff election results, especially for mayor.

Over the past two years of Joe Wardy's administration, we have seen nothing but
an unopposed increase in electric, water and gas utility rates.

Property taxes went up.

Major streets like Hawkins, McRae, Yarbrough and Lee Trevino are in a state of
disrepair.

The BRAC issue was a no-brainer and Wardy put himself in the limelight trying to
take credit. El Paso has been able to handle that troop strength for the past 20
years. His negative campaign ads turned me off.

In closing, can I send my car suspension repair bill to Mayor Wardy before he
leaves office? All I can say is "good riddance."

Maria Rivera

East El Paso

Good suggestion

A few writers are trying to make us believe that if we only voted Republican
like the rest of Texas, we would get what we want from our state government.

What has happened to our medical school funding this year is simply another
example of East Texas (which I define as anything east of Pecos) doing what they
want with no regard for anyone else. This is traditional, whether the powers
that be are Republican or Democrat.

If we ever are to have any weight in state politics, we should take the
suggestion offered by Leon Metz and join the state of New Mexico.

Bill King

Anthony, Texas

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday

Are poor sperm quality and air pollution linked?

BYLINE: By Heather May The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 519 words


The microscopic air pollutants Utahns are exposed to during winter inversions
can cause babies to be born too early and too small. It may cause and exacerbate
asthma and can irreparably damage children's developing lungs.

But could it affect your ability to have children in the first place?

Maybe, according to preliminary research by a Utah infertility doctor.

Ahmad Hammoud, a fellow at the University of Utah's division of reproductive
endocrinology and infertility, recently analyzed Salt Lake City air quality data
and linked it to sperm quality data collected at the U.'s infertility clinic.

His preliminary results showed that as fine-particle pollution increased - the
peaks are in December, January and February - the ability of sperm to wriggle
and swim slightly dropped a month or two later. The delay is because it takes
sperm between two to three months to mature.

Hammoud said the decline in motility is so low that it wouldn't be expected to
affect fertility. And the correlation between air pollution and poor sperm
quality was "not very strong." But the results were intriguing enough to warrant
further study, he said.

"Air pollution is one factor among others. We need to figure out this
relationship," he said Wednesday.

The findings intrigue Cherise Udell, founder of Utah Moms for Clean Air, which
has been focused on how air quality affects children.

"That's a new take on the air pollution story that I had not heard before. It's
more fuel for the fire," she said. "The more we learn about air pollution, the
more we find it has ramifications throughout all stages of life."

Other recent studies have linked fine-particle pollution exposures during
pregnancy to premature births in California and low birth weight in Connecticut
and Massachusetts. Evidence linking air pollution to reduced sperm quality has
been mixed.

But Hammoud said there is some evidence chemicals that mimic estrogen are found
in air pollution and affect sperm.

"It's a new issue for me," said Bryce Bird, who works in the state Division of
Air Quality. He was cautious in drawing a connection, noting other factors could
be causing the change in sperm.

"When we have high [particulate matter pollution], that's also when we have the
lowest temperatures in the valley," he said.

Hammoud looked at the monthly averages of fine-particle pollution called PM2.5
from 2002 to 2007. PM2.5 is microscopic dust and soot particles released by fuel
combustion from automobiles, power plants, wood burning, industrial processes
and diesel-powered vehicles.

Eventually, Hammoud would like to determine what in the particulate matter could
be causing the drop in sperm motility. And he'd like to analyze the effects of
carbon monoxide and ozone levels on sperm, too.

He was quick to point out potential flaws in the analysis: Men with low sperm
count may have been overrepresented in his analysis. Sperm production may be
seasonal, which could be the reason for the drop instead of pollution.

Still, his data was reviewed by the American Society for Reproductive Medicine
and will be highlighted at its November meeting in California.

hmay@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                           Commerce Bancshares, Inc.

                                  1000 Walnut
                             Kansas City,  MO 64106
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


CBI is a diversified financial services provider. Improved financial
performance,capital adequacy and wide range of offerings are the major strengths
of the company, even as its decline in cash position and geographic
concentration remain areas of concern. Going forward, fluctuations in interest
rates, changing regulations and increase in compliance costs may affect its
business performance. However, growing economy in the US, expanding housing and
mortgage market and positive outlook for the US card payments channel may offer
ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


IMPROVED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The company exhibited improved financial performance during the FY2015, which
will boost its investors' confidence. The company's revenue increased from US$
1,098.4 million in FY2014 to US$1,116.3 million during in FY2015, representing a
growth of 1.6%. The improved financial performance was due to increase in the
company's interest and non-interest income by 2.2% and 0.8%, respectively, in
FY2015. In FY2015, the company also reported an increase of 0.8% in its net
income, from US$261.8 million in FY2014 to US$263.7 million in FY2015. Such
growth in revenues and incomes depicts the financial stability and will also
help the company to pursue its growth plans aggressively.

CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-à-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address company stress
tests conducted by governing bodies. The good capital management enabled the
company to strengthen its capital position. As on December, 31 2015 CBI was
required to maintain a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0%, Tier 1 capital
ratio of 6% and leverage capital ratio of 4.0% under Federal Reserve norms. The
company reported risk-weighted capital ratio of 13.28%, Tier 1 capital ratio of
12.33% and leverage capital ratio of 9.23% during FY2015, meeting the regulatory
requirements. Prudent capital management of the company strengthened its
capital, which in turn will enable it to withstand periods of stress.

WIDE RANGE OF OFFERINGS


The company's wide offerings provide an opportunity to cater to the various
requirements of the consumers and generate higher revenues. The company through
its subsidiary Commerce Bank (the Bank) offers personal, business, commercial
and wealth management products and services to individuals and corporate
customers. The products offered by the bank include checking accounts, savings
accounts, certificate of deposits, money market accounts, investment savings
accounts, personal loans, mortgage loans, auto loans, home equity loans, student
loans, business loans, real estate loans, term loans, lines of credit, credit
cards and gift cards. The services include cash management services,
international services, treasury services, foreign exchange services, investment
management services, trust services, brokerage services, insurance services,
merchant services, online banking services and mobile banking services. Such
wide range of offerings helps the company in offsetting the loss or risks
associated with a particular market.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and due from
banks declined from US$467.5 million at the end of FY2014 to US$464.4 million at
the end of FY2015, representing a decline of 0.7%. Decline in cash and due from
banks may be due to decreased value of its short-term asset holdings such as
short-term government bonds, marketable securities, and weak cash inflow.

GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Overdependence on the US market for its income may be a cause of concern for the
bank during any political or economic adversity in the region. The bank
generates majority of its income from the US market. Overdependence on a single
geographic region puts the bank at risk, as any adverse development in the
political, economic or climatic environment of the region might have an adverse
impact on the bank's business. It also restricts its market share and growth
options.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. As a provider of credit and debit card
in the US, the company is well placed to leverage this opportunity.

EXPANDING MORTGAGE MARKET


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to CBI. The
US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected to register
substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association
(MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are expected to
reach US$1,558 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand for
mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance. As a provider of mortgage products CBI is expected to get
benefit from it.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.4% in 2015 and is expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. This is likely to increase
the country's spending on financial solutions, which in turn will increase the
demand for investment portfolio services in the US. Split Rock Partners that
offers its investment management products and services in the US is likely to
benefit from such positive economic growth.


THREATS:


INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Increase in compliance costs may impact the company's operations. Compliance
costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the company's
operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased compliance costs
and additional regulations. The compliance burden on companies has probably been
increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises. The Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the Institute of
International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued reports reflecting the
changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The Federal
Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to guard
consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and exert extra
pressure on companies, which are already working on improving their own
governance processes.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 24, 1984 Friday

Disappointments behind him,   McLaughlin set for fresh start

BYLINE: LARRY MILLSON; GAM

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: DUNEDIN, FL


By  LARRY MILLSON
                           Globe and Mail Reporter
     DUNEDIN, Fla.  - That evening at the airport in Toronto, Joey
 McLaughlin was met by his wife, Robin, and son, Joey Jr.

McLaughlin, the proud father, hoisted his son aloft. He had been away
 from home for two weeks. It had been a tough trip, and never more
 difficult than that afternoon, Aug. 28, at Tiger Stadium. He had yielded
 the ninth-inning homer to Detroit's Chet Lemon with two men on base to
 turn a 2-1 Toronto Blue Jay lead into a 4-2 loss.

The Blue Jay bullpen had collapsed on the trip to Cleveland, Boston,
 Baltimore and Detroit as the club faded from contention in the American
 League East. McLaughlin became the symbol of that failure.

For the rest of the season, McLaughlin would feel the cruel edge of the
 fans' scorn. He would not pitch that much more, winding up with a 7-4
 record, nine saves and a 4.45 earned-run average.

This week, after signing a one-year contract during the winter,
 McLaughlin arrived at the Englebert Recreational Complex as the Jays
 prepare for a new season and, for him, a fresh start. That afternoon in
 Detroit, that evening at the airport, are still part of the memories of a
 disappointing season for him in the year that his club had arrived.
    'What I try not to do is to let whatever happens on the field affect
 my family life,' he said. 'Because, as many ups and downs as there are
 in baseball, if you did, then your wife could start hating you and your
 kid wouldn't know whether to say, 'Hi daddy,' or whether to go to his
 room. I do worry about it, but I don't let it affect my relationship with
 my wife and my kid. Because it's not worth it. It does affect me, but it
 doesn't affect my family life. Baseball means a lot to me, but it doesn't
 mean more than my family. When I come home and open the door and my little
 boy comes running to me and my wife kisses me, to me, that's life.
 Baseball becomes secondary to that. And I love playing the game.'
    McLaughlin finally asked his wife not to go to the games at Exhibition
 Stadium. 'She won't back down from it, but I said, 'Hey, taking abuse is
 bad enough, but I don't want you to hear it.' She is pregnant, she had a
 lot of things on her mind. She knew what I was going through. She knew
 what I was dealing with and I didn't want her to go to the ballpark and
 deal with the boos and the wisecracks. I found out a lot of things that I
 couldn't have learned without going through that. I'm a better person for
 it and a better pitcher.
    'I learned so much from last year. If I had it to do over again, of
 course, I wouldn't go through a streak like that. It's a high price to
 pay, but I learned more from that than I would have if I had done a good
 job. I had a few problems last year, but if I talked about them, it would
 sound as if I were making excuses and I don't need to make excuses. What
 happened speaks for itself."
    McLaughlin understands why the fans booed him. Still, it does not take
 away some of the hurt caused by the more thoughtless of them, some of whom
 might even be less than perfect in their own endeavors.
    'Looking back, I'm not bitter,' McLaughlin said. 'The fans certainly
 have a right to express their displeasure, or whatever. As long as they
 don't make it personal, I can take the boos. What I can't take is driving
 home in my car and having people cussing me out, stuff like that. It
 happened.
    'I was cussed out by two ladies. No, I wouldn't call them ladies. Two
 females, in their 30s. Outside of the ballpark about a mile, driving down
 Lakeshore. Traffic was slow. They said, 'Hey, who are you?' And I said,
 'McLaughlin.' And they started cussing me. A lot of people were good to
 me, too. I got a lot of letters from people saying hang in there, we're
 behind you, and all those things.'
    Then there were the two fellows down the third-base line who,
 McLaughlin says, 'weren't regulars, who would say things that would hurt
 your feelings' when he began to warm up.

If McLaughlin had been a fan, would he have booed himself? 'Maybe I
 wouldn't have booed, but I would have been displeased. I'd have stomped
 around and that. They pay their money. . . . As long as they don't throw
 anything at me.'
    McLaughlin is from Tulsa, Okla., and, in football, he is a fan of the
 University of Oklahoma Sooners and Dallas Cowboys. Neither performed to
 expectations last season. 'I booed them,' McLaughlin said.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                October 20, 2016

                           BOK Financial Corporation

                             Bank Of Oklahoma Tower
                                Tulsa,  OK 74192
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


BOKF provides is a financial holding company based in the US. Strong capital
adequacy ratio, strong top-line performance, increase in cash position and broad
product and services portfolio are the major strengths of the company, even as
its over dependence on a single division and geographic concentration remain
areas of concern. In future, fluctuations in interest rates, intense competition
and changing regulations may affect its business performance. However, strategic
acquisitions, booming mortgage market in the US, positive outlook for cards and
payment market in the US and growing economy in the US will provide ample growth
opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO


Capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital requirements
vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address stress tests conducted by
national banking regulators. The good capital management enabled the company to
strengthen its capital position. Banking institution was required to maintain a
minimum of Tier 1 risk based capital ratio of 6%, total risk based capital ratio
of 10% and Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5% respectively to qualify as well
capitalized. The company reported Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 12.1%,
total risk-based capital ratio of 13.3% and Tier 1 leverage ratio of 9.2% during
FY2015, meeting the regulatory requirements. Prudent capital management
initiative of the company strengthened its capital, which in turn will enable it
to withstand periods of banking stress.

STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


The company had reported a strong top-line performance in FY2015. The revenue of
the company increased by 5.9%, from US$1,354.1 million in FY2014 to US$1,433.6
million in FY2015. The revenue of the company increased due to increase in
interest income and fees and commission income. The interest income of the
company increased by 4.7%, from US$732.2 million in FY2014 to US$766.8 million
in FY2015. The fees and commission income of the company increased by 6.1%, from
US$621 million in FY2014 to US$659 million in FY2015. Such strong top-line
performance will help the company to grow its overall financial performance.

INCREASE IN CASH POSITION


The company maintains strong cash position to meet its day-to-day obligations.
Its cash and due from bank increased by 4.2%, from US$550.5 million in FY2014 to
US$573.7 million in FY2015. Increased cash and due from banks may improve the
working capital requirements of the company, which in turn helps in improving
the company's business operations.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps BOK Financial to serve a wide range of
customers. The company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of banking
products and services to individual and commercial clients. Its product
portfolio includes syndicate loans, credit cards, savings accounts, business
accounts, mortgage, auto loans and home equity lending. Its service offerings
includes cash management, equipment leasing and financing, institutional wealth
management, bond trustee services, investment banking services, escrow services
and trust administration services. Such a wide range of product and service
offerings drives BOK's Financials top-line performance.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Geographic concentration may hinder the growth of the company. The company
operated only in the US. In FY2015, it generated its complete revenue from the
US. Such geographic concentration of the company may expose it to adverse
changes in economical and geo political conditions of that particular region and
also deprives the company from the opportunities existing in other geographies.
Such geographic concentration may also affect the top and bottom line
performance of the company.

OVER DEPENDENCE ON SINGLE DIVISION


The company's overdependence on Commercial Banking division for major part of
its total net interest revenue remains a cause of concern. Although the company
operates through four divisions: Commercial Banking division, Consumer Banking
division, Wealth Management and Fund Management and Others division, it
generates significant part of its total net interest revenue from a single
division, Commercial Banking division. In FY2015, the company derived 55.3% of
its total net interest revenue from Commercial Banking division. Such
overdependence on Commercial Banking division may adversely affect its business
performance, if the demand of products and services offered by the particular
division declines.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
financial solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
financial solution provider in the US such as BOK Financial.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company's subsidiary bank stands to benefit from the growing cards and
payments industry in the US. According to in-house research, in terms of
transaction volume, the US payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in
2019 at a forecast period (2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards
in circulation is expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of
4.68%. The value of payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9
billion in 2019 at a forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be
driven by increase in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing
urbanization, and rising per capita income and employment in the US. The bank, a
provider of credit cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The company through its subsidiary bank offers mortgage services. The
US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected to register
substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association
(MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are expected to
reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand for
mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


The company is focusing on strengthening its existing businesses through
acquiring companies that strategically complement its existing businesses. For
instance, in March 2016, the company acquired Weaver Wealth Management, an
investment advisor based in Dallas the US. The acquisition has increased the
company's asset under management and asset under administration by about US$340
million. It expanded the company's wealth management business in Taxes. In
December 2015, BOK Financial entered into an agreement to acquire MBT Bancshares
Inc, a provider of banking services, based in Kansas City, Missouri, the US. The
transaction process is expected to be completed by the second quarter of FY2016.
The acquisition would increase the company's presence and growth opportunities
in Kansas City. The acquisition would also offer the company with an asset under
management of US$578 million, total loans of US$421 million and total deposits
of US$536 million. These acquisitions would help the company to achieve high
inorganic growth as well as enhance its market position, strengthen its
financial position and broaden its product portfolio.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATION IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the bank's business performance. Increase
in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets, including
bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing interest rates
may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the fee income
that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may adversely
affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and
leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of
income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond its
control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the bank as its income and investment returns depend on the level
of interest rates.

REGULATORY CHANGES IN THE US


The company's subsidiary bank's businesses are regulated by various governmental
and regulatory authorities in the US. The introduction of the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may pose a significant threat for the
bank's operations. Under this act, the federal government established Financial
Stability Oversight Council. The council have the authoritative power to break
up large bank's that may pose risk to the financial system due to their large
size and the council also have the authoritative power to liquidate and
restructure bank's which it is financially weak. Such act would significantly
pose threat for the banks to operate and acquire new businesses. Thus,
introduction of new government acts may have a negative impact on the bank's
growth and expansion strategies.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect BOK Financials business and profitability. The
company faces competition from private banks, foreign banks and other financial
institutions. It competes with its competitors based on various factors
including products and services, interest rates, distribution network, price,
quality and brand image. Some of its major competitors include Bank of Taxes,
Colorado State Bank and Trust, Bank of Albuquerque, Bank of Arkansas and Bank of
Arizona. Such intense competition may affect the company's market position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 22, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

Gore: Tap oil reserve to cut cost;
 Vice president casts 'Big Oil' as profiteers; George W. Bush says plan is 'bad
policy.'

BYLINE: Scott Shepard, Cox Washington Bureau

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 656 words

Hollywood, Md. --- Vice President Al Gore said Thursday the government should
tap the Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help stabilize rocketing oil prices.

Gore's proposal, coming less than seven weeks before the presidential election,
underlined the political power of the energy issue, especially in Midwestern
battleground states shaken by gasoline price spikes this summer and facing
higher costs for heating oil this winter.

Standing in front of white oil storage tanks draped with an American flag and a
campaign banner, Gore criticized "Big Oil," saying it makes unfair profits at
the expense of working families.

Gore depicted his opponent, Texas Gov. George W. Bush, a former oil company
executive, as the candidate "of Big Oil, by Big Oil and for Big Oil."

Bush responded by accusing Gore of using the 570 million-barrel emergency oil
reserve for short-term political gain at the cost of long-term national
security.

"The strategic reserve should not be used as an attempt to drive down oil prices
before an election," Bush said at a campaign appearance in Cleveland. " That's
bad policy."

The political reality, though, is that consumers are getting nervous about high
heating costs as winter approaches.

"You can hear a little bit of panic in the voices," said Beth Walther, who
handles telephone orders at Burchoil Co., the family-owned heating oil company
where Gore spoke. "They're worried about what they are going to have to cut out
of their budget to pay their heating bills."

Gore, citing those fears, urged Congress to provide $ 400 million in additional
energy assistance for low-income families.

"Today, there are families . . . all across the country who are wondering how
they are going to be able to pay for heat this winter," he said, "and those who
heat with heating oil are especially concerned."

In the long run, Gore said, the United States needs to develop its own renewable
sources of energy so that "we are free forever of the dominance of Big Oil and
foreign oil."

But energy independence is a long-term challenge, he said. "We cannot just wait
around. Families need action now."

Gore urged President Clinton to approve several 5 million-barrel swaps in which
oil from the reserve would be made available to the market through bids.  The
oil companies eventually would replace the amount taken from the reserves, with
interest.
campaign spokesman, said Summers' caution addressed the possibility of
withdrawing as much as 60 million barrels from the reserve, much more than Gore
has proposed.

And later Thursday, Summers said Gore's proposal would be a prudent use of the
reserve and could be appropriate in current circumstances.

Gore's request marks a reversal of his own position since February. Then, as oil
costs spiraled upward, he opposed using the strategic reserve to lower prices.

Lehane said the latest proposal reflects how much circumstances have changed.

"People had already purchased their heating oil last February," Lehane said.
"Now they're starting to store up for this winter. And the circumstances are
that we are on the verge of an emergency."

Bush objected to taking any oil from the strategic reserve, which he called the
"insurance policy meant for a sudden disruption of our energy supply or for
war."

The Republican presidential candidate acknowledged that high energy prices are
"a serious and real threat" to the long-term health of the economy, but he
blamed the Clinton administration for letting the country become " increasingly
dependent on foreign oil" during the past seven years.

The Texas governor said he would push for aggressive exploration of oil and
natural gas in North America, including the highly disputed Arctic National
Wildlife Refuge; expanding U.S. refining capacity; and increasing electric and
hydroelectric capacity.

Bush also promised to work with OPEC to ensure greater stability in oil markets.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
U.S. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE
>How would releasing the oil reserve affect oil and gas prices?
Analysts say the effect would be small. The administration's willingness to use
the strategic reserves to affect prices could have an impact on speculatative
purchases on the oil futures market.
>How long will it take for us to feel the benefits?
Oil price reductions at the refinery can take several weeks. Wellhead crude oil
price shifts take months. Heating oil prices are largely a function of local
supply and demand conditions.
>How would the release of oil reserve affect the refineries?
Refineries are running at 95 percent to 98 percent capacity
 and are beginning to decrease production of gasoline in order
to supply sufficient quantities of heating oil.
NATIONAL OIL RESERVES
Corpus Cristi, Houston, LaFayette, New Orleans
Sources: American Petroleum Institute; U.S. Energy Information Administration;
Research by WAYNE SNOW / Staff
/ CHUCK BLEVINS / Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 24, 1994, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TRACING CAUSES OF INFANT MORTALITY

BYLINE: Thomas Sowell Copyright Creators Syndicate Inc.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 1214 words

THOMAS SOWELL COLUMN

DATELINE: PALO ALTO, CALIF.


With all the things that were once taboo now being talked about on nationwide
television, there are other things that we are very squeamish about. One of
these is the high infant mortality rate among blacks.

Storm clouds of "racism" charges hang over any discussion of any social problems
among blacks. But as Charles Murray, among others, has demonstrated, similar
problems occur in Europe where similar policies affect whites.  Swedes are about
as white as you can get, but their illegitimacy rates are close to those of
blacks in the United States. Welfare policies that affect primarily low-income
groups affect a far wider portion of the population in Sweden, undermining
traditional families there as well.

A new study of infant mortality rates in the District of Columbia by Professor
Nicholas Eberstadt of Harvard and the American Enterprise Institute once more
demonstrates that problems that plague a particular race at a particular time
are not necessarily due to race, as such - or to poverty for that matter.

Washington has the highest rate of infant mortality in the country.  Since a
majority of its population is black, some will automatically assume that this is
due to poverty, race, racism, lack of access to medical care, poor education and
all the rest of the familiar litany of the welfare-state liberals.

In reality, other black communities with more poverty, less education and not
nearly as much access to medical care have lower infant mortality rates than
those in Washington.

The average income of blacks living in the District of Columbia is much higher
than the average income of blacks in the country as a whole.  Indeed, it is
higher than the average income of whites in Utah and Idaho.

Whether measured by physicians or hospital beds available per capita,
Washingtonians have more access to medical care than most other people around
the country.

Eberstadt has performed a public service by getting away from the usual
comparisons of blacks and whites, where all differences end up being attributed
to racism, history, poverty or the other usual suspects. His research shows that
blacks in Detroit have more than twice as high an unemployment rate as blacks in
Washington, higher poverty rates than Washington blacks - and yet the infant
mortality rate is lower in Detroit.

What is unique about Washington is the large number of babies born underweight -
a condition that puts their survival in jeopardy.

What makes it so hard for the intelligentsia - black or white - to come to grips
with facts like these is that their whole vision of the world is one in which
people are the victims of circumstances beyond their control. The very thought
that people's own behavior may have something to do with their misfortunes is a
threat to the whole house of cards of the modern welfare state.

Nowhere is that welfare state more in operation than in the District of Columbia
- and nowhere does it promote more irresponsible behavior with deadly
consequences.

While prenatal care is available, some mothers don't bother to get it.  Again,
comparing only blacks with other blacks, those mothers who don't bother to get
prenatal care are twice as likely to smoke and six times as likely to drink as
those who do. The prenatal care is not what makes the difference. It is just a
symptom of a set of attitudes.

The poverty rate among blacks in Washington is not nearly as highly correlated
with the infant mortality rate as is the incidence of illegitimacy.  Obviously,
babies aren't dying because their parents don't have marriage licenses. This is
only a symptom of attitudes and behavior.

A different study recently showed that, among black married couples where the
husband and wife both worked full-time, the poverty rate was 2 percent.  No,
that's not a misprint: 98 percent of such black couples were above the poverty
level. Again, a marriage license is not magic. It is just a symptom of certain
attitudes and behavior.

Nor is this pattern confined to blacks. As more and more whites succumb to the
social degeneracy of the welfare-state era, their illegitimacy rate has
increased fivefold since the early 1960s - and such whites are also having more
low-birthweight babies.

Whether for blacks or whites, blaming infant mortality on a lack of access to
medical care or a lack of "parenting skills" is blindly refusing to recognize
that personal responsibility is still the key. Where government policies
undermine personal responsibility, the results are literally deadly.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Capital (Annapolis, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Federal changes may affect city housing

BYLINE: The Capital, Annapolis, Md.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 479 words


Dec. 27--Judging by a flurry of media attention, the ancient philosophy of
stoicism is having a resurgence right now, with Silicon Valley billionaires
listening to talks on the teachings of Epictetus and Marcus Aurelius. A key
stoic precept comes from Epictetus: "Some things are in our control and others
not." In other words, we can't control everything that may happen to us -- we
can just control how we think about it and how we act.

That's good advice in general, and especially good advice for local officials
waiting to see if upcoming changes in federal policy by the Donald Trump
administration -- which may be dramatic in some areas -- affect what they're
doing. In the short run, the biggest question for Annapolis may be what happens
to city public housing, assuming Dr. Ben Carson -- a retired neurosurgeon and
Republican presidential candidate with no background in housing -- becomes the
secretary of the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, which
funds the Housing Authority of the City of Annapolis.

Authority officials, reasonably enough, are taking a wait-and-see approach.
There's nothing they can do about this anyway, and speculation about what Carson
might do won't be of any use. At the moment, they are embroiled with HUD
officials over whether $3 million in federal money was properly spent. Recent
federal audits found inadequate documentation of that spending, and the feds
could ask that the money be repaid.

Mayor Mike Pantelides, meanwhile, says that he has met with HUD officials about
the housing authority's problems, some of which caused him to order city
inspections of properties. He said he's excited about the prospect of Carson
taking the reins at HUD, and hopes the agency will do a complete audit of the
authority's finances, put in a better management team and provide money to help
with maintenance. "I hope to get a message to (Carson) ...," the mayor said. "It
would be a dream come true to have him come down here and walk the properties."

While we don't know if any of this will come to pass, we strongly suspect Carson
won't reverse the general HUD policy of cutting funding and pushing for
public-private partnerships. If anything, he'll accelerate it. In spite of
reluctance in the communities the Annapolis organization oversees, the number of
units under the authority's control has dropped in three years from 1,100 to
less than 800 -- and we expect that trend to continue.

Pantelides' appointees now have a majority on the city authority's board, and
it's up to them to get administrators in place who can repair the effects of
past mismanagement. But they'll just have to see what changes of direction come
from Washington -- and figure out how to cope with them.

___ (c)2016 The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) Visit The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) at
www.hometownannapolis.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161227-UU-EDITORIAL-Federal-changes-may-affect
-city-housing-1227-20161227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UU


                                 Copyright 2016


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

EcoPAS LLC (California) applies for US Patent titled as "VOLATILE ORGANIC
COMPOUND RECOVERY SYSTEM AND METHOD"

LENGTH: 255 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160355770 for US Patent, published on December 08, 2016, by
EcoPAS LLC (California), titled as "VOLATILE ORGANIC COMPOUND RECOVERY SYSTEM
AND METHOD"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Norkin; Marci; (Pasadena, CA) ; Colome; Steven D.; (Pasadena, CA)

Applicant: EcoPAS LLC   Irvine   CA   US (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
present invention provides for passive VOC recovery in the fermentation process
that does not affect or minimally affects the conditions within the fermentor
vessel and does not affect or minimally affects the conditions within the
headspace of the fermentor vessel itself while using the production of CO.sub.2
emitted during the fermenting process as the source of driving energy to move a
portion of the gaseous/vaporous material in the headspace of the fermentor
through an appropriately sized conduit to a chilled surface condensing device to
condense the VOCs (principally ethanol) for recovery and to exhaust the CO.sub.2
to the atmosphere or to recover the CO.sub.2 for other uses. The conduit from
the headspace of the fermentor to the condenser is sized to provide a flow
restriction in a selected range such that the headspace equilibria are not
affected while allowing a portion of the gaseous/vaporous material in the
headspace to move through the conduit in response to the generation of the
CO.sub.2 during the fermentation process."


LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: Cut fiber-optic line affects phone service in Floodwood, Meadowlands,
Toivola

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 116 words


Dec. 04--Landline telephone users in the Floodwood, Meadowlands and Toivola
exchanges are unable to dial out, including to 911, because of a fiber-optic
line cut north of Alborn. The break also may affect some cell phone users.

Crews are on their way to repair the break, and service is expected to be
restored about 6 p.m. today. In the meantime, people needing emergency
assistance can go to the Floodwood Police Department, or the Floodwood, Toivola,
Alborn or Meadowlands fire halls, all of which will be staffed during the
outage.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121204-DU-BRF-Cut-fiber-optic-line-affects
-phone-service-in-Floodwood-Meadowlands-Toivola-1204-20121204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

City zoning changes could affect housing project

BYLINE: Josh Mrozinski, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


May 05--A representative of Delaware-based company said Wednesday that plans for
a housing development in Scranton will continue to move forward, but
acknowledged that zoning changes proposed by city council on Tuesday could
affect the project.

Speaking a day after council formally initiated a process to change the zoning
from neighborhood/commercial to residential, Glenn Worgan of the Delaware Valley
Development Co. said he does not have a time frame for submitting plans to the
city.

"I believe we have some legal rights to move ahead until the zoning actually
changes," Mr. Worgan, company vice president and principal, said.

Mr. Worgan said "it's a different matter" if the area's zoning changes, but did
not elaborate.

Scranton's zoning ordinance says a neighborhood/commercial zone permits
apartments as well as some commercial, industrial and agriculture uses. The
residential zone permits single-family and duplexes, but not boarding houses and
apartments.

Delaware Valley Development Co. has publicly expressed interest in building 75
apartments in a 11-acre area bordered by Colliery Avenue and McCarthy and Davis
streets. That is where the council is proposing to change the zoning.

The project would not be publicly subsidized. However, the company is seeking
tax credits, which would restrict the housing units to people with income that
is 60 percent of the area's median household income. The 2009 median household
income in Scranton was approximately $34,782, according to the U.S. census. Mr.
Worgan, however, said his company was using a different standard, citing a
median income of $56,500.

On Tuesday, Councilman Jack Loscombe introduced the motion for the zoning
change, which calls for a June 7 public hearing. He said the Minooka
Neighborhood Association asked for the zoning change out of concern about the
proposed development.

Efforts to reach Mr. Loscombe and neighborhood association President John
Finnerty on Wednesday were unsuccessful.

The proposal has also been forwarded to Lackawanna County's and the city's
planning commissions for review.

City planner Don King said the city's planning commission will likely review the
council's zoning proposal on May 18.

Contact the writer: jmrozinski@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune, Scranton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110505-YT-City-zoning-changes-could-affect
-housing-project-0505-20110505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 5, 2002 Thursday

State turns up heat on Xcel

BYLINE: DAVID HANNERS Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 701 words


Although Xcel Energy claims Minnesota ratepayers won't one day be asked to bail
out the company's debt-ridden subsidiary NRG Energy, the state's Department of
Commerce said Wednesday it isn't so sure.

In a report written for the state's Public Utilities Commission, commerce
officials said that what affects NRG affects parent Xcel, and what affects Xcel
also affects Northern States Power-Minnesota, the subsidiary that provides
electricity to about 1.5 million customers in the state.

"The Department is concerned by Xcel's failure to clearly and specifically
commit not to use NSP credit capacity to support Xcel or NRG," the report said.
"The deteriorating financial position of NRG may adversely impact NSP
ratepayers."

Not so, said David Sparby, Xcel's vice president for government and regulatory
affairs.

"We've committed to protect ratepayers from the direct and indirect effects of
NRG's financial condition," he said. "We remain committed to protect our
ratepayers."

Regulators at the PUC had asked commerce officials to investigate Xcel's
financial condition after becoming concerned that problems at NRG might
percolate into Xcel's other subsidiaries. Earlier this week, attorney general
Mike Hatch filed a brief with the commission that also questions whether
ratepayers will be shielded from Xcel's and NRG's problems.

NRG, which generates and sells power on the unregulated open market, is $9
billion in debt and has until Sept. 13 to convince its bankers that it can fix
its problems. If the bankers aren't convinced, they'll demand up to $1.3 billion
in collateral on loans they made to NRG. The company says it doesn't have the
money.

Minneapolis-based NRG has said it plans to cut costs, reduce staff and raise
$1.4 billion by the end of the year by selling all of its foreign power plants
and 14 of its U.S. plants. But many energy analysts question whether the company
can unload the power plants at a decent price.

The PUC has no regulatory authority over Xcel or NRG, but it does have a sayover
what NSP-Minnesota can charge for electricity or how it does business in the
state. After NRG's problems sent Xcel's stock price into a nosedive in July,
regulators wanted assurances that Minnesota ratepayers wouldn't be stuck with
part of the bill in the future.

Xcel officials said that wouldn't happen. But as commerce officials have pointed
out, NRG's messy state has caused downgrades of the credit ratings of both Xcel
and NSP. If it costs those companies more to borrow money, then they can either
make less profit or they can pass the added cost along to consumers.

"NSP-Minnesota can't raise their rates unless they have PUC approval. That, to
us, is a really big stick and a really big protection," said Marya White, head
of energy planning and advocacy for the commerce department. "We want to make
sure ratepayers are protected right now and into the future from any further
financial situation that may string along from what's going on right now."

NSP can't raise its base rates until 2006, when its next rate case is scheduled
before the utilities commission. But the company has asked for "rate riders,"
which are smaller, incremental increases that generally accompany special
construction projects.

It is some of those riders -- and their potential to raise what Minnesotans pay
for electricity before the 2006 rate case -- that concern commerce department
officials. For example, Xcel announced in May it was going to spend $1 billion
to upgrade three of its worst-polluting power plants. The company filed a rate
rider to recover some of the cost.

But because of its worsened credit rating, it's going to cost Xcel more to
borrow the money needed to upgrade the plants. Commerce officials are concerned
the company might try to pass the extra cost along to consumers.

White said the commerce department has recommended that the utilities commission
take steps to ensure Minnesota ratepayers will only have to pay the base rate
approved in NSP's last rate case, and nothing more.

Xcel shares closed down 8 cents Wednesday, to $9.01.

David Hanners can be reached at dhanners@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5551.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday

Does your pregnancy affect baby for life?

BYLINE: Jeff Hansel, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 448 words


Jan. 05--In Monday's Life section, I wrote an article about pre-pregnancy tips
from Olmsted Medical Center's Amy Fry.

While preparing that article, I began to find references to the possibility that
what happens during the course of your mother's pregnancy might affect you for
life.

For example, the British Journal of Cancer reports that a man with an index
finger longer than a ring finger is less likely to get prostate cancer (though
that's not always true). Finger length, it turns out, is affected by the amount
of testosterone present during pregnancy.

If we switch from exposure to naturally occurring hormones to those
synthetically produced, it's not hard to imagine that there might be an impact
upon your baby.

Fry suggests you should weigh the risks of chemicals and decide for yourself
whether to be worried.

My conversation with her reminded me of my grandparents' grapevine.

Strange, I know. But bear with me.

During the late 1960s and early 1970s, big trucks trawled the gravel roads of
Iowa (and other states), spraying weeds to kill them and provide better vision
for drivers. I think the idea was also to decrease crop pests (insects) and the
spread of weeds.

But anybody who had a nearby garden quickly learned about herbicidal drift.

My grandparents had a grapevine that used to produce large bunches of dark,
purple, delicious grapes. Then, one year, the truck spray got too close and the
grapes stopped coming. I must have been about 8 years old at that time.

The grapevine died back to a sickly stalk and sat there, year after year,
producing no fruit.

It eventually began to produce grapes again -- but I was nearly middle-aged by
then. Think of that -- 20 or 30 years to recover!

It's hard to know if and when such chemicals cause harm to humans. But Fry's
view that you should at least think about what you're putting into your body
while pregnant is worth considering.

We've begun to learn about the health benefits of tomatoes and broccoli, the
risk of tobacco use and the benefits of green tea. Do you eat greasy foods,
smoke and drink alcohol while pregnant? Or do you eat organic fruits and
vegetables free of pesticides?

Forty years from now, your child might have an opinion.

Pulse on Health is a weekly column by health reporter Jeff Hansel (285-7615)
from his blog at Postbulletin.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffHansel. el

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110105-RC-Does-your-pregnancy-affect-baby-for-life-0105-20110105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2011 Post-Bulletin


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 9, 2017

              Athene Annuity & Life Assurance Company of New York

                               69 Lydecker Street
                                Nyack,  NY 10960
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


AALAC New York offers a wide range of annuity products. The company's broad
product portfolio, strong parent backing, effective distribution channels are
its major strengths, even as its overdependence on domestic markets remains an
area of concern. In future, fluctuations in interest rates, changes in
regulations and intense competition may affect the company's business
operations. However, strategic initiatives, positive outlook for life insurance
market in the US, growing economy in the US and demographic changes in the US
will provide ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG PARENT BACKING


The company's association with Athene Annuity further enhances its brand image
and market position. Athene Annuity & Life Assurance Company of New York is a
subsidiary of Athene Holdings Ltd. Athene Holdings is one of the leading
providers of insurance, reinsurance and annuity related products in the US. Its
portfolio of products include single premium immediate annuity, single premium
deferred annuity, multi-year guarantee annuity and fixed indexed annuity. Athene
Annuity has a presence in all 50 states of the US. The company's support from
its parent provides the company's operations with a strategic advantage over its
competitors, including financial support, superior brand identity and product
recognition.

BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


Broad product portfolio helps the company efficiently cater to the diverse needs
of its customer base. The company offers wide range of annuity products such as
single premium annuity, single premium deferred annuities, single premium
immediate products, and flexible premium annuities and group terminal funding
annuities. It also offers accident and health insurance products. The company
distributes its product and services through network independent general agents.
Such broad product range allows it to garner higher market share and increase
its revenues.

EFFECTIVE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS


The company maintains strong relationships with its agents and distribution
channels to remain competitive in the industry. The company offers its annuity
and insurance based products through its parent holding, gifted with large
network with presence in over 50 states in the US. Through strong relations with
the agents and independents the company is expected to grow far better. Such
valuable relationship with agents and channel partners helps in improving
operational efficiency and attain competitive position.


WEAKNESSES:


OVERDEPENDENCE ON DOMESTIC MARKET


Overdependence on the US market for its income may be a cause of concern for the
company during any political or economic adversity in the region. The company
generates majority of its income from the US market. Overdependence on a single
geographic region company at risk, as any adverse development in the political,
economic or climatic environment of the region might have an adverse impact on
the company's business. It also restricts its market share and growth options.


OPPORTUNITIES:


DEMOGRAPHIC CHANGES IN THE US


Increasing ageing population offers significant opportunities for life insurance
and annuity based companies operating in USA. In 2018, the US population aged 65
years and over is expected to account for 15.5% of the total population. This
would be due to a projected decline in the birth rate. With the US's population
aging and its birthrate falling, there has been an ongoing shift from death
protection products to individual annuities and retirement based products. With
this notion, long term savings and annuity based products are projected to grow
at a healthier pace. The company, a provider of life insurance and annuity
products in the US, is well positioned to benefit from this.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR LIFE INSURANCE MARKET IN THE US


Positive outlook for the life insurance segment in the US will help the company
in stretching its life insurance business. According to in-house report, the
insurance industry's gross written premium is expected to reach to US$2.70
trillion in 2018. The life segment's gross written premium is expected to reach
to US$731.6 billion in 2018. Low interest rates, increasing life expectancy,
demographic changes, growing market opportunity, recovering economy and
increasing mode of sales are expected to be some of the key drivers for the
growing life insurance industry. The company, which provides annuity and life
insurance based products in the US, is well placed to benefit from this growing
insurance industry.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The growing economy in the US is likely to provide new growth opportunities for
the company. According to International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate
of the US stood at 2.4% in 2014. It is expected to reach 3.1% in 2015. The
growth will be primarily driven by continued recovery in the US economy,
improving of business activities and growing economy in North America, Europe
and Asia. The growth in the US economy may result in higher demand for the
company's financial products. As a provider of annuity and insurance products
and services, the company is well placed to benefit from this.

STRATEGIC INITIATIVES


The company's strategic initiatives are likely to have a positive impact on the
company's business performance, going forward. In October 2015, Athene Holdings
ltd acquired Delta Lloyd Deutschland AG and its subsidiaries, an Amsterdam based
financial services provider. This acquisition will help company to expand in
Germany. In June 2015, the company launched New Athene Performance Elite Annuity
Suite, a fixed indexed annuity product. This product was designed to provide
retirement solutions. Such strategic initiatives of the company will increase
its product portfolio and customer base, which in turn will have positive impact
on the company's revenues.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect the market share and profitability of the
company. The company faces competition from local and international insurance
and annuties companies. It competes with its competitors based on various
factors including products and services, financial stability, ratings, broader
and more diversified product lines and more widespread agency relationships.
Some of its major competitors include American Equity Investment Life Holding
Company, Americo Financial Life and Annuity Insurance Company, Voya Retirement
Insurance and Annuity Company, New York Life Insurance Company, StanCorp
Financial Group, Inc., and Kansas City Life Insurance Company. Such intense
competition may affect the company's market position.

CHANGES IN REGULATIONS


The company is subject to extensive laws and regulations that are administered
and enforced by a number of different regulatory authorities including state
insurance regulators and National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC).
Recent key advancements in the industry are dual regulation at the state and
federal level, implementation of ORSA, principle-based reserving (PBR) and
managing cyber security threats. These authorities are or may in the future
consider enhanced or new regulatory requirements intended to prevent future
economic crises or otherwise assure the stability of institutions under their
supervision. These authorities may also seek to exercise their supervisory or
enforcement authority in new or more robust ways. All of these possibilities, if
they occurred, could affect the way AALAC New York conducts its business and
manages its capital, and may require it to satisfy increased capital
requirements, any of which in turn could materially affect its results of
operations, financial condition and liquidity.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the
company's profitability. Interest rate risk for insurance companies is a
significant factor in determining profitability. Although rate changes in either
direction may affect insurance companies operations and insurance companies
profitability typically rises and falls in concert with interest rate increases
or decreases. Changes in interest rates can affect the assets and the
liabilities of an insurance company. Insurance companies have substantial
investments in interest-rate-sensitive assets, such as bonds, as well as market
interest rate-sensitive products for their customers. Drops in interest rates
can decrease an insurance company's liabilities by decreasing its future
obligations to policyholders. However, lower interest rates can also make the
insurance company's products less attractive, resulting in lower sales and,
thus, lower income in the form of premiums that the insurance company has
available to invest. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

UW works to prep track complex for MWmeet

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. 5-13 SPTS Wyoming track-weather

LENGTH: 430 words


dre

Label: MW Outdoor Track & Field Championships

Hed: UW works to ready track complex for MW meet

By Scott Nulph

snulph@wyosports.net

LARAMIE - When the University of Wyoming got the 2014 Mountain West Outdoor
Track & Field Championships, the first emotion running through the program
likely was elation.

The second one had to be a specific kind of worry: "I sure hope the weather
cooperates."

Getting nearly a foot of snow less than a week before the start of the event may
not exactly qualify as cooperating weather.

But the good news for UW and the rest of the conference is that conditions
should be solid for the four-day meet, starting with the opening heptathlon and
decathlon at noon on Wednesday.

UW last hosted the MW outdoor meet in 2009.

"We can't control the weather. But we knew this storm was coming, so we were
prepared," UW track and field coach Bryan Berryhill said Monday.

"We've got a great facilities crew, and they've been working hard to clear the
track and the areas that

need

to be cleared. We'll have it competition- ready."

As of Monday, snow already had been cleared from the running track at the Louis
S. Madrid Sports Complex, as well as from the throwing area for the discus.

Workers will continue to clear up as many areas as possible to make it as easy
as possible for the athletes to be at their best.

"Will there be some piles of snow around? Sure," Berryhill said. "But will it
affect their (the athletes') performances this weekend? I don't think so.

"We'll have the facility ready. It's just a matter of the kids not letting them
affect them."

The forecast is favorable for the rest of the week.

With most of the snow from the storm expected to stop Monday night, a lot of it
likely will melt away.

Wednesday's forecasted high is 48 degrees with west winds at 10-15 miles per
hour. Thursday will be more of the same (with a slight chance of rain); Friday
and Saturday will be mostly sunny.

Friday's high is expected to near 60, Saturday near 65.

UW senior hurdler Taylor Gardner, a Sheridan native, said, "We won't let a
little snow slow us down. It's Wyoming weather. It's what we run in all the
time."

But other teams, especially those from California and Nevada, might have
different viewpoints.

"I'm sure their coaches are telling them to not let it affect them right now,"
Berryhill said. "Who knows when they get here and see some piles of snow?

"But by Friday and Saturday, the conditions look nice. I really don't think this
will affect (who) gets first and who gets fourth in the team competition.

"All the athletes are mature enough not to let it affect them."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CAMPAIGN '06|Amendment 43 TWO VIEWS ON ``I DO'' As Coloradans prepare to vote on
whether to constitutionally limit marriage to heterosexuals, couples on both
sides of the aisle weigh in on what wedlock means to them.

BYLINE: Kevin Simpson Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1533 words


As fall chills the air, Paul and Karen Hicks reap the sugar beet harvest on
their acreage near Berthoud, painting a pastoral portrait of the nuclear family
grounded in a 30-year marriage.

The legal definition of that institution - one man, one woman - matters to them.
And though they'd never call themselves political activists, they invested $15
and no small personal conviction in the Amendment 43 campaign to chisel it into
the state constitution.

"God set marriage up, and he sees it as a very high union and a very important
relationship," says Paul, 54. "And so the way God set it up is, in our opinion,
the way it needs to stay."

Hundreds of miles away in Craig, another couple recently took solemn vows.

Jenifer Manns and Lisa Oakley took part in a religious "union ceremony" that
isn't legally recognized as marriage by the state.

Manns, who'd been married four times previously to men, and Oakley, a
transgender widower, stretch the definition of nontraditional commitments.

"I feel it's more of a marriage - what it's supposed to be - than it was with my
other marriages," says Manns, 43.

One term, two concepts

Both couples embrace the concept of marriage, but in very different terms. And
that's the crux of the conflict over Amendment 43, experts say.

"Americans are battling about who owns the meaning of marriage," says Andrew
Cherlin, a sociologist at Baltimore's Johns Hopkins University. "It has a deep
meaning here that it doesn't have in other places. It has shifted over the last
century, but it's still central."

Marriage in Colorado has shown no significant statistical fluctuation since
1990, and the percentage of men and women in wedlock has hovered at or slightly
above the national average, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

Slightly more than 56 percent of Colorado men choose marriage and about 54
percent of women.

But while the numbers are stable, many Coloradans perceive calls for gay
marriage as a threat that would dilute an age-old institution and ultimately
affect everyone, not just same-sex couples.

"What needs protecting is the idea that there's something special about the
union of a husband and wife that justifies special treatment in law, culture and
society," says Maggie Gallagher, president of the Virginia-based Institute for
Marriage and Public Policy who has written extensively on the subject.

To Paul Hicks, who has reared three children with his wife, the possibility of
gay marriage "waters down" the traditional definition. That it might not
immediately affect his own marriage he finds irrelevant.

"It does affect society, it does affect children, and it does affect the moral
climate of the nation," he says.

But Karen, 49, worries that their Bible-based views on homosexuality will be
misconstrued.

"They're human beings created in the image of God," she says. "And we care about
them. We definitely don't want to make this an issue that people say, 'You hate
us."'

But some fear that's what's already happened - on both a cultural and legal
level, including a Massachusetts court ruling for gay marriage that said only
"animus" could drive opposition.

"If the law adopts that there's a civil right to gay marriage, then people who
oppose it are outlaws and will be treated as racial bigots," says Gallagher. "It
won't happen all at once, but that's the idea you're launching. A head-on
collision is coming."

One of eight states with marriage amendments on the fall ballot, Colorado offers
what some call a "clean" measure that targets only same-sex marriage and not
domestic partnerships, as some other states have.

In what's believed to be a first, voters statewide also will address a domestic
partnership referendum on the same ballot as a marriage amendment.

An evolving definition

Elsewhere across the country, marriage amendments of all stripes have so far
gone undefeated.

Sociologist Cherlin draws the battle lines like this:

Supporters of marriage amendments, whether motivated by religious teaching,
belief in a favored family structure or both, basically endorse a meaning of
marriage centered on having and rearing children.

Opponents tend to think of marriage as primarily about love and companionship,
rendering gender less important.

But Cherlin and other scholars note the love-and-companionship view isn't driven
by same-sex politics so much as traditional couples exhibiting new values.

"It's not gays and lesbians, it's garden-variety heterosexuals," he says. "In
general, Americans are seeing marriages in a different way than they used to.
Marriage amendments are an effort to turn back that process and reinstate an
older definition of marriage."

A significant part of the movement is firmly rooted in conservative Christian
religious values, as evidenced by the Amendment 43 initiative campaign that
leaned heavily on church involvement to gather the requisite signatures.

Funding came primarily from the political arm of Focus on the Family.

Much of the rationale for marriage amendments in general revolves around the
possibility that "activist judges" might overturn the statutory definition of
marriage as one man and one woman.

"There are a lot of people who feel the courts would be repudiating ideas that
are important to them, including religious ones," says Gallagher. "And they're
right. It's not just about delivering benefits to Adam and Steve, but it's a
public repudiation of husband and wife. It's not surprising that those people
who are most committed to marriage would be the most energized by a repudiation
of their central belief about marriage."

But a coalition of Colorado religious leaders has come out against Amendment 43,
citing Scripture and Judeo-Christian values to support their position as well.

One expert notes that religious influence in crafting laws comes with the
territory.

"All law has a moral core," says Robert Destro, a law professor at Catholic
University of America in Washington, D.C. "It always embodies somebody's view of
right or wrong. It doesn't matter where anybody gets their views, you just want
to understand them and decide if they're consistent with views of the common
good."

That perception of the common good often gets tied up in romanticized ideals of
traditional marriage, says Stephanie Coontz, a professor at The Evergreen State
College in Olympia, Wash., who has written extensively on marriage.

For thousands of years and into the late 18th century, she says, marriage was
all about economic and political alliances. For a century after that, it
codified men's authority over women's property and even their bodies - and
remnants of those laws remained until the 1970s.

"Only in the last 35 years have we redefined marriage as an association of
equals who have a right to accept their differences and negotiate their roles,"
Coontz says.

And that, she adds, marked the point at which gays and lesbians started seeking
a piece of the action.

"Having the rights to carry through on commitments you make, and the penalties
for breaking promises or trying to walk away, that's an important piece of the
social order, whatever your opinion of the morality is - unless you really
believe you can put this toothpaste back in the tube."

Conservatives "on a roll"

In Craig, Manns, 43, and Oakley, 53, say they "married" for love.

They met on the bus Oakley drives for disabled clients. They had coffee
together. They had dinner. Manns moved in. And then one day, as Manns sat
writing a poem proclaiming her feelings, Oakley - who officially changed the
"sex" designation on her driver's license from M to F in 1999 - came home
bearing a rose and a proposal.

"She said 'yes,' and I felt the loneliness feeling going away really quick,"
says Oakley, whose wife died 10 years ago.

In September, they took their vows in a ceremony that gave them spiritual
sanctification but no legal recognition.

Recent stories in some national media have said that voters this year seem far
less concerned with gay marriage than they did in the 2004 election, when the
issue was widely credited with driving conservative voters to the polls.

Is opposition really losing traction with voters?

Only if you frame the question in terms of partisan politics, as a wedge issue
for electing Republicans, says Gallagher. In terms of the marriage itself, she
adds, conservative forces are "on a roll" with court wins blocking gay marriage
in Washington and New York states.

"When I wake up the morning after the election, I expect to see more stories
about how opposition to gay marriage is running out of steam," says Gallagher.
"But I also expect to see eight more states with marriage amendments."

Staff writer Kevin Simpson can be reached at 303-954-1739 or
ksimpson@denverpost.com. -------------------------- On the Colorado ballot Nov.
7

Amendment 43

"Only a union of one man and one woman shall be valid or recognized as a
marriage in this state."

Referendum I

``The General Assembly declares that the purpose of this article is to provide
eligible same-sex couples the opportunity to obtain benefits, protections, and
responsibilities afforded by Colorado law to spouses consistent with the
principles of equality under law and religious freedom embodied in both the
United States Constitution and the constitution of this state.''

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday

Miss. River expected to rise, won't affect area

BYLINE: Rod Guajardo, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


April 23--NATCHEZ -- The Mississippi River is expected to rise next week, but
officials say the high levels are common for this time of year and likely won't
affect many Miss-Lou residents.

The National Weather Service in Jackson issued a flood warning Monday for the
river at Natchez from Sunday, May 5, until further notice.

The river is expected to rise and crest above flood stage at 49 feet on the
Natchez gauge by Wednesday, May 5. Flood stage at Natchez is 48 feet.

National Weather Service Hydrologist Marty Pope said the sudden rise is common
for this time of year, as Natchez will soon get water coming down from the Ohio
River Valley.

"As far as the Mississippi River is concerned, it's not what falls in Natchez
that makes an impact, it's what falls in Arkansas, St. Louis and other areas
that are key," Pope said. "As of now, we're getting normal spring conditions up
north, and the forecasts look fairly substantial looking forward."

Water begins to enter the former Belwood Country Club near the Natchez-Adams
County Port and Carthage Point Road at 47 feet.

Two years ago, the river hit a record level of 61.9 feet on the Natchez gauge.

Veteran flood fighters such as J.M. Jones Lumber owner Lee Jones said the
expected river levels don't have him too concerned just yet.

In preparation for the 2011 flood, J.M. Jones employees worked around the clock
to supplement the existing levees around the business to fight the river.

Jones said even though the site didn't flood, the company lost approximately $1
million in building its own levees and lost revenue.

Jones said the newly bolstered levees give him some piece of mind -- at least
until the river reaches 54 feet.

"I've always said that May 1 is the big day that you really get an idea of what
the river is going to do, so it's kind of early right now," Jones said. "Because
we've done so much work, we can handle up to about 54 feet before we have to
start doing some work on the inside to make sure everything's going to hold up."

Pope said forecasts showing small amounts of rainfall in the north should help
when the additional water coming from snow melting begins heading south.

"We should see some amounts from snow melts coming up above Minnesota probably
toward the weekend, but that's also normal," Pope said. "The best thing to do
now is just to keep an eye out on how things look and just watch what's going
on."

Jones said he's confident in the levee system surrounding his business, but that
doesn't mean he won't be watching the river closely in the coming weeks.

"You just don't know with the river," Jones said. "We don't like it being that
high, but we're not too worried about it right now."

___ (c)2013 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130423-YY-Miss-River-expected-to-rise-won-t-affect-area-0423-20130423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2013 The Natchez Democrat


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 9, 2012, Thursday

WVU FOOTBALL;
$16.9 MILLION MOUNTAINEER Holgorsen signs contract that runs through 2017 season

BYLINE: Dave Hickman, Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 936 words


INSIDE: WVU newcomers will have to contribute at corners 4B

MORGANTOWN - It took more than a year and a half since he first walked onto
campus and began work, but Dana Holgorsen finally has a signed contract.

It comes with a hefty raise over that which he was being paid under his
previously signed term sheet.

On Wednesday morning, Holgorsen walked off the practice field, signed a contract
that will pay him $2.3 million this year and then met briefly with the media
before going back to work.

"Not only does this affect me, it affects my children, this affects the whole
staff,'' Holgorsen said, referring to the stability of a six-year contract that
stretches through the 2017 season. "It affects not only the assistant coaches
but everybody in the whole building. I'm really excited to get this done and out
of the way.''

Holgorsen was hired in December of 2010 as West Virginia's offensive coordinator
and head coach in waiting under the late Bill Stewart. At the time, he signed a
term sheet that not only spelled out his duties and salaries as offensive
coordinator, but the terms under which he would work should he be elevated to
the head coaching position ahead of schedule.

That, indeed, happened when Stewart was forced to resign and Holgorsen became
the head coach in June of 2011. (He was not scheduled to do so until after the
2011 season.) But Holgorsen went through last season and beyond still working
under that original term sheet.

That document, which was binding but did not specifically spell out all of the
details normally contained in a full contract, paid Holgorsen $1.5 million last
season and was scheduled to pay him $1.725 million this season. His new contract
constitutes a raise of $575,000.

Holgorsen's first WVU team finished 10-3 and won the Orange Bowl over Clemson in
record-breaking fashion, 70-33.

The contract includes a $2 million buyout should Holgorsen leave at any time of
his own design. There is no buyout clause should West Virginia terminate the
contract without cause (violation of rules, etc.), meaning that Holgorsen would
be owed the full terms if he is fired.

"It's a significant commitment from the university to Coach Holgorsen and, in
turn, from Coach Holgorsen to the university,'' West Virginia athletic director
Oliver Luck said in announcing the contract. "We're very excited that Dana is
making a long-term commitment to us.''

Including annual retention bonuses, the total value of the guaranteed
compensation is $16.9 million over the life of the contract. That includes
$75,000 bonuses paid each December, along with two one-time retention bonuses
due in March of 2013 and 2014. The 2013 bonus is for $50,000 and the $2014 bonus
for $300,000. That's a total of $800,000 in retention bonuses.

Holgorsen's contracted salaries over the six years of the contract are $2.3
million this year, $2.5 million in 2013, $2.7 million in 2014, $2.8 million in
2015 and $2.9 million in both 2016 and 2017. That's $16.1 million over the life
of the contract.

But if he fulfills the contract and is paid the annual and specific retention
bonuses, those numbers increase to $2.375 million this year, then $2.625 million
in 2013, $3.075 million in 2014, $2.875 million in 2015 and $2.975 million in
both 2016 and 2017.

That makes the guaranteed worth of the deal $16.9 million.

Luck said the retention bonuses were simply the lay of the land.

"It's a very fluid market,'' Luck said. "I believe that Dana is a coach that
will be in demand. He's young and innovative and he has a track record of
success in a very difficult conference. We want him to make this his home long
term.''

As for the $2 million buyout, that seems to be roughly the average for college
coaches in Holgorsen's new salary range.

"I don't worry about those too much. As an assistant coach, I didn't even have a
buyout. A lot of this stuff is new to me,'' Holgorsen said. "It's just a
commitment. It's like when we are talking to a recruit and we ask, 'Do you know
what a commitment is?' By signing the contract, Oliver and I have made a
commitment to making it better on a daily basis.''

In addition to the guaranteed money, Holgorsen's perks and incentives could
easily approach $500,000 per year or more. As has been standard in WVU coaches'
contracts, he has the use of two cars, a suite or 25 tickets to each home game,
20 tickets to road games, 10 tickets to bowl games and eight tickets to men's
and women's home basketball games.

He also is allowed to keep money earned through his summer camps, a $5,000
clothing allowance and a membership at Lakeview Country Club.

As for incentives, those include amounts ranging from $75,000 to $200,000 for
wins totaling eight to 12 each season, up to $200,000 for winning an outright
Big 12 championship, $100,000 for appearing in a BCS bowl game, another $100,000
for winning a BCS game, $200,000 for appearing in the national championship game
and $250,000 for a national championship.

There are also smaller bonuses for season ticket sales, Top 25 rankings, coach
of the year awards, offensive rankings in the NCAA, team grade-point averages
and Academic Performance Rating scores.

Individually, his incentives could total more than $1.1 million in a year, but
are capped in any single year at $600,000.

That means if Holgorsen were to stay for the length of the contract and achieve
the full bonuses each year, the deal would be worth $20.5 million.

AP photo

WVU football coach Dana Holgorsen gave the thumbs up to a deal that pays him
$2.3 million this year and goes up from there.

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com or follow him at
Twitter.com/dphickman1.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 28, 2010 Sunday

Proposed budget cuts will affect classrooms

BYLINE: Morgan Wall, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 735 words


Nov. 28--As the Office of State Budget and Management (OSBM) asks government
agencies to identify areas in which to make budget cuts in the coming fiscal
year, those in education worry about how those cuts will affect students.

The OSBM asked government agencies to prepare budgets if funding is cut by 5
percent and by 10 percent in preparation for the 2011-12 fiscal year. These cuts
would come on top of the 4 percent budget reductions that are an ongoing part of
the public school budget. For education, that would equal the loss of $394
million or $788 million respectively. These reductions would be the equivalent
of eliminating state funding for 165 schools.

These additional budget cuts will come in the same year that the $738 million of
federal stimulus money will come to an end as will another $1.3 billion
generated from temporary taxes.

Across the state, fallout from this reduction in the budget would result in
teacher layoffs, larger class sizes, fewer courses and less help for struggling
students.

"This will be an unprecedented and challenging budget year," said Dr. Darrin
Hartness, superintendent of Mount Airy City Schools. "A 5 or 10 percent cut on
top of all the previous cuts will drastically change the way we deliver
instruction. It will determine how we're going to conduct business."

North Carolina is the sixth fastest growing state in student population, but
ranks 42nd in the nation in the amount of money spent on education per pupil.
According to information released by the Public School Forum of North Carolina
from 2009, the state spends roughly $8,743 per student. This falls below the
national average of $10,190 per student and well below the leading public
schools funder. The District of Columbia holds the top spot by spending $17,638
per student. If the cuts continue, North Carolina is projected to continue to
drop on that list.

"I think it really points out that maybe we don't have our priorities straight
in North Carolina," said Hartness of the report. "I am hoping the legislature
will not come back into session and put more of a burden on our county
commissioners and local administrative units."

The Race to the Top funding, for which North Carolina qualified in the second
round of applications, will send $400 million to the state over the next four
years, but that money will do little to alleviate the problems faced by most
school systems. Of the roughly $100 million available each year, around half of
that will go to local school districts while the other half will go to the
state.

The Race to the Top funding, however, is earmarked specifically for new
initiatives spelled out in the scope of work submitted by each school system to
the Department of Public Instruction and from there sent to be approved in
Washington, D.C. This means that funding cannot be used to pay for personnel,
which makes up roughly 80 percent of the budget for school systems. Race to the
Top was designed to provide additional money to public schools to help them
improve instruction and create new initiatives, not to replace other funding.

The state also is expected to receive around $200 million from the federal jobs
bill to protect teachers and other school employees from budget cuts. This will
likely be a one-time funding program that will help the problem but will not
come close to fixing it.

"At a time when everyone seems to believe that education and learning are keys
to survival in the global economy, we cannot turn back the clock," said June
Atkinson, state superintendent, in a press release. "North Carolina public
schools received less from the state's general fund in 2010-11 than in 2006-07,
even though we have at least 40,000 more students. These cuts would continue
this under-funding. We have already reduced non-essential costs. Additional cuts
will hit the classroom and hurt teachers and students."

For more information on the specific cuts proposed by DPI to the OSBM, visit
www.ncpublicschools.org and click on the link for potential budget reductions.

Contact Morgan Wall at mwall@mtairynews.com or 719-1929.

To see more of The Mount Airy News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtairynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Mount Airy News, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101128-NI-Proposed-budget-cuts-will-affect-classrooms-1128-20101128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2010


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday

Willow Creek speaker on diversity: Same boat, different decks

BYLINE: Christina Killion Valdez, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 421 words


Nov. 8--Martin Luther King Jr. said, "injustice anywhere is a threat to justice
everywhere" and "what affects one directly affects all indirectly."

Yet Victor Lewis modified those words Friday, saying, "What affects one directly
today will affect all directly another day."

Lewis, an internationally recognized leader in the field of anti-oppression
diversity work and alliance building, spoke at Willow Creek Middle School as
part of a two-day forum on dismantling racism. The program was organized by
seven local organizations.

To explain how all humans are directly connected, Lewis used the saying, "we're
all in the same boat," only he noted, "we're not all on the same deck."

If that boat had a hole in the bottom that hole would affect everyone, not just
people on lower deck, he said, just as racism affects everyone.

"The people at the bottom have a big problem," Lewis said. "The people at top do
too, even if they don't know it."

The people at bottom, however, have knowledge that is relevant to the people at
the top. Yet, for a variety of reasons, such as access, he said, they cannot get
that knowledge to the captain or the people in the first-class cabins.

The same metaphor can be used for the economic, political, education, health
care and judicial systems, he said.

"These systems are broken," Lewis said.

Even if the systems work for the people on top, if they don't work for the
people on the bottom, they need to be fixed, Lewis said.

Fixing the system, or the hole, cannot happen, he said, if there's a belief that
races are in inherent competition with each other, like a sport in which one
team wins and one loses.

"No racial justice can come out of that," Lewis said. On the other hand, "What
is good for human beings is good for human beings. If it is truly good for one
group, it is truly good for America as a whole."

Making the change will take a combination of service, sacrifice, struggle and
solidarity, he said.

"Sometimes the gains we seek will be extraordinarily painful," Lewis said. Then
referring to the recent presidential election, he said, "sometimes we just have
to vote."

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081108-RC-Willow-Creek-speaker-on-diversity-Same-boat-different-decks-1108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2008 Post-Bulletin


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                           MarketAxess Holdings Inc.

                                299 Park Avenue
                            New York City,  NY 10171
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


MarketAxess is an operator of trading platform for corporate bonds. Strong
financial performance, improved cash position and trading technology and
platform are major strengths of the company, even as cyclical trading activity
and trade errors by employees remain areas of concern. In addition, rapid
technology changes, changing regulations and fluctuations in interest rates may
affect the company's business. However, growing US economy and strategic
initiatives can provide ample opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Strong financial performance boosts investors' confidence. The company
registered a strong financial performance in FY2015. The company reported
revenues of US$303.1 million during FY2015, compared to US$262.8 million in
Fy2014, representing an annual growth of 15.4%. In addition, the company
recorded a strong growth in operating and net incomes during FY2015. The
operating income of the company was US$147.9 million during FY2015, compared to
US$118.5 million in Fy2014, representing an increase of 24.8%. The net income
recorded in FY2015 was US$96 million, compared to US$74.8 million in FY2014,
representing an increase of 28.4%. The growth of revenue and income level was
primarily attributed to increase in commission income. Strong financial
performance showcases its strong position in the market places and its strong
operational performance.

IMPROVED CASH POSITION


The company has witnessed strong growth in cash and equivalents, which in turn
helps it to meet its short-term obligations, without any difficulties. Its cash
and equivalents increased from US$168.9 million in FY2014 to US$199.7 million in
FY2015 representing an annual increase of 18.2%. An increase in cash and cash
equivalents may be attributed to increased value of its short-term asset
holdings such as short-term government bonds, and marketable securities, and
strong cash inflow.

TRADING TECHNOLOGY AND PLATFORM


The company strives to provide the most flexible architecture in terms of
bringing new technology, innovations and solutions to the market. The company's
electronic trading platform is accessible on a global basis nearly 24 hours a
day throughout the trading week. As on December 31, 2015, the company's
electronic trading platform provided access to 1,000 active institutional
investor and 100 broker-dealer clients of which more than 750 institutional
investors and 72 broker-dealer clients executed trades through the utilization
of electronic trading platform respectively. This platform offers certainty of
execution; vast capabilities to facilitate complex and demanding trading; direct
market access; fairness, price transparency and anonymity; and global
distribution, including connection through high-speed international
telecommunications hubs in key financial centers in Europe, Asia and Latin
America. In addition to this, the service provides the lowest latency connection
for its customers. Such sound technology and platform allows the group to
achieve excellence in its service delivery model and in turn enhance its
business performance.


WEAKNESSES:


CYCLICAL TRADING ACTIVITY


The business results of MarketAxess are dependent on cyclical fluctuations
experienced by the bond trading markets. The trading activity is inherently
variable and is linked to the interest rate volatility, as decreased volatility
in interest rates for a long period of time can cause decreased trading volumes
in bond markets. Such environment will affect the company's revenue generation,
especially in a low market environment. Additionally, the company's revenue
could get significantly affected by extreme volatility in trading, firm
government regulations and limited credit availability, especially in the
unstable capital and credit markets. Such cyclical trading activity coupled with
other regulatory changes could affect the liquidity of the company.

TRADE ERRORS BY EMPLOYEES


Errors while conducting trading activities by the employees may adversely affect
the financial and operational performance of the company. Any error or
misconduct in trade by the employees of the company becomes a liability to the
company, as it needs to bear the financial losses made by the employee. This is
likely to harm the reputation of the firm and also involves regulatory
sanctions. Over past few years the company has been facing several cases
involving trade errors and fraudulent activities. Such errors made by the
company's employees may harm the business activities and also harms reputation
and good will of the company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


STRATEGIC INITIATIVES


The company is taking various strategic initiatives to improve its business. In
this direction, in January 2016, the company's capital market data provider,
Trax entered in to a strategic partnership with Traiana, which helped the
company to mitigate risk related to trading. In December 2015, the company
established a new trading branch in Hong Kong and also launched Electronic Asian
Local Currency Bond Trading. In October 2015, the company expanded its business
with the addition of four dealers ABN Amro Bank, Millennium Europe, Nomura Group
and Rabobank in the European platform. Strategic initiatives such as these help
the company improve its business line, which in turn will help to expand its
customer base.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%, further it is expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Increase in
consumer consumption and purchases, decreasing unemployment rates, favorable
monetary policy and recovering world economy are expected to be the major growth
drivers for the US economy. Growth in the country's economy is likely to boost
the investment activities in the country which in turn boosts the bond markets
and increase trade volume in the country. As a provider of corporate bond
electronic trading platform, the company is well placed to benefit from growing
economy.


THREATS:


RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES


The company's information technology solution is characterized by rapid
technological changes, which may affect its business operations. To compete
effectively with its peers, the company should continually introduce new
products and services that exceed the customers' requirements. The introduction
of new technologies or the adoption of new industry standards can make existing
products and services under development, obsolete or unmarketable. Inability to
study the evolving technological landscape may impact the company's competitive
position.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates can affect the company's operational and investment
performance. The company's investment portfolio may contain interest
rate-sensitive investments, such as corporate bonds. Increase in market interest
rates would reduce unrealized capital gains on fixed income securities of the
company's investment portfolio and also reduces trading activities by the
clients. Interest rates are highly sensitive to monetary policies of government,
domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors
beyond the bank's control. Focus on crisis exit strategies and changing monetary
policies are expected to increase interest rates globally. Such volatile
interest rates could impact the company's operating performance, as its income
and investment returns depend on the level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             May 31, 2012 Thursday

Kristen Stewart not worried about film success

BYLINE:

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 385 words


Kristen Stewart never thinks about how successful her movies are going to be
when she signs up.

The 22-year-old actress - who starred as Bella Swan in the Twilight Saga - no
longer thinks about how her films affect people because she has to decide if she
likes them first of all.

"I couldn't imagine doing a project with the idea of how it's going to affect
people. It really has to affect you first, and if it does, then maybe it will
affect other people ... I think that people who don't have that are clearly
choosing things to become famous actresses. They're clearly choosing things to
make money. I mean, I love Los Angeles - I love living here. But I wish that we
could make things without the need to hit a home run every single time."

Kristen - who stars in the new movie Snow White and the Huntsman with Charlize
Theron and Chris Hemsworth - said: "I feel so extremely successful - and not
just because I can greenlight a movie now. It's because I've really only worked
with people that I truly love.

"I've only had bad experiences with one or two directors. I think it always
boils down to people not being there for the right reasons, and not being there
for the same reasons. It's a miracle when things come together. But sometimes it
just doesn't happen - and when it doesn't happen, you still have to finish the
movie."


David Beckham finds his wife Victoria "sexy" because she is such a good mother.

The couple - who married in 1999 - have four children Brooklyn, 13, Romeo, nine,
seven-year-old Cruz and 10-month-old Harper together and the soccer star
particularly loves the way his ex-Spice Girl spouse always puts their kids
first.

He said: "She's a great mum. Everything revolves around the children, as busy as
she is, and that's what I love her for. Well, there are many other things that I
love her for, but being an amazing mother is a very sexy quality and an adorable
quality."


Today's celebrity birthdays:

? Actor Clint Eastwood (Dirty Harry) is 82.

? Actor Tom Berenger (Inception) is 63

? Actress Lea Thompson (Back to the Future) is 51

? Musician Corey Hart is 50

? Actress Brooke Shields (Suddenly Susan) is 47

? Actress Sienna Guillory (Resident Evil) is 37

? Actor Colin Farrell (Horrible Bosses) is 36

? Actor Eric Christian Olsen (NCIS: L.A.) is 35

? Musician Andy Hurley (Fall Out Boy) is 32

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            April 20, 1971, Tuesday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 8

LENGTH: 221 words

Mayor Lindsay threatens to eliminate 90,000 jobs as most drastic of 4
alternatives NYC will face unless state restores and increases aid, news conf
with Budget dir Edward Hamilton; illus; is calm in predicting situation,
admitting effort to pressure Legis; presents 4 possible budgets; Gov Rockefeller
notes 90,000-man cut will return civil service to pre-Lindsay adm status, noting
Lindsay has added 70,000 jobs; 2d option, considered most likely by many
observers, would delete 50,000 jobs, 30,000 in layoffs and 20,000 through
attrition; 3d option would require no layoffs, only attrition losses; 4th option
would require no job cuts; Hamilton speculates about 2d, involving restoration
of state aid and $400-million in new taxation; Dir Harry Bronstein notes
prescribed order of layoffs; Lindsay outlines how each option would affect Fire
Dept; under 1 option 410 jobs would be lost by attrition, under worst one 3,200
jobs would be lost; outlines how each option will affect Police Dept; under 3d
option 1,800 police jobs would be lost through attrition; under worst option
14,300 jobs would be eliminated; outlines how each option will affect city's
educ system; welfare programs, hosp and med services and CUNY; outlines how each
option will affect Sanitation Dept; under worst circumstances 4,200 men would be
dropped

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                                Primerica, Inc.

                              1 Primerica Parkway
                               Duluth 30099-4000
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Primerica is a financial service provider based in the US. Strong financial
performance, favorable ratings and broad product and service portfolio are the
major strengths of the company, even as decline in cash position and
overdependence on single geographic division remain major areas of concern. In
future, fluctuation in interest rates, changing regulation and intense
competition may affect the company's business performance. However, growing
economy in the US, growing mutual fund industry in the US and growing insurance
industry in the US may provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Primerica exhibited a strong financial performance during FY2015, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The revenue of the company increased by 5%, from
US$1,338.6 million in FY2014 to US$1,405.3 million in FY2015. The revenue of the
company increased due to increase in direct premiums and commission and fees
income. The direct premiums of the company increased by 2%, from US$2,301.3
million in FY2014 to US$2,345.4 million in FY2015. The commission and fees
income of the company increased by 1.9%, from US$527.1 million in FY2014 to US$
537.1 million in FY2015. The company also reported increase in operating income
and net income. The operating income of the company increased by 4.6%, from US$
310.3 million in FY2014 to US$324.5 million in FY2015. The net income of the
company increased by 4.7%, from US$181.4 million in FY2014 to US$189.8 million
in FY2015. Such a strong growth in revenue and incomes depicts the financial
stability, and its strong position in the market place. This improved
performance will also help the company to pursue financial growth.

FAVORABLE RATINGS


The company has been consistently receiving favorable ratings, which will boost
customers' confidence in the company. For instance, in July 2015, the company
was affirmed with issuer credit rating of a- and debt rating of a-, with stable
outlook. Also, the company's subsidiaries, Primerica Life Insurance Company,
Primerica Life Insurance Company of Canada and National Benefit Life Insurance
Company, were affirmed with financial strength rating of A+ and issuer credit
rating of aa- with stable outlook by A.M.Best. The ratings reflect strong market
position, consistent earnings, strong financial leverage ratio, strong interest
coverage ratio and strong capital adequacy ratio of Primerica and its
subsidiaries. Such favorable rating showcases the strong financial stability of
the company.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps Primerica to serve a wide range of
customers. The company offers a wide range of investment and insurance products
and services to its clients. Its product portfolio includes term life insurance,
mutual funds, annuities, auto insurance, home insurance and long term care
insurance. Its service offerings includes financial need analysis services,
business retirement planning, accounts managing services, debt monitoring
services and legal consultation and advisory services. Such a wide range of
product and services offerings drives Primerica's top-line performance.


WEAKNESSES:


OVERDEPENDENCE ON THE US


Broad product and service portfolio helps Primerica to serve a wide range of
customers. The company offers a wide range of investment and insurance products
and services to its clients. Its product portfolio includes term life insurance,
mutual funds, annuities, auto insurance, home insurance and long term care
insurance. Its service offerings includes financial need analysis services,
business retirement planning, accounts managing services, debt monitoring
services and legal consultation and advisory services. Such a wide range of
product and services offerings drives Primerica's top-line performance.

DECREASE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and equivalents
declined by 20.7%, from US$192 million in FY2014 to US$152.2 million in FY2015.
Such decline in cash and equivalents may affect the working capital requirements
of the company, which in turn may affect the company's business operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
insurance solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
insurance solutions provider in the US such as Primerica.

GROWING MUTUAL FUND INDUSTRY IN THE US


Growing mutual fund industry in the US would provide the company with a new
growth opportunity. According to Investment Company Institute, the number of
mutual funds in the US reached 8,116 at the end of December 2015 and the total
net assets of mutual funds stood at US$15.65 trillion. Major Key driver for the
growing mutual fund industry was the improving economic conditions in the US,
declining unemployment rate, changing demographics and investors' reactions to
the US and worldwide economic and financial conditions are the major key
drivers. Such a positive growth in the mutual fund industry would provide the
company with an opportunity to increase its funds value and asset under
management value.

GROWING INSURANCE INDUSTRY IN THE US


Growing insurance industry in the US will provide significant growth
opportunities for the company. According to in-house report, the gross premium
written of life and non-life insurance is expected to reach US$753.9 billion and
US$1,229.9 billion in 2019, respectively. Increased life expectancy, demographic
changes, expanding working age population, rise in per capita income, rising
construction industry, technological advancements, rising vehicle sales are
expected to be major drivers for the growth of insurance industry. The company,
a provider of life and non-life insurance products in the US, is placed well to
benefit from this.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


Primerica operates in a highly competitive finance market of the US, which may
adversely affect its market share and profits. The company competes with various
investment and insurance companies based on the factors such as premiums charged
and other terms and conditions offered, products and services provided,
commission structure, financial ratings assigned by independent rating agencies,
number of clients, cash availability, reputation, selling effort and perceived
financial strength. Some of the major competitors of the company include
American Family Insurance, American Fidelity Assurance, Federated Investors Inc,
Ameica Mutual Insurance and Virtus Investment Partners Inc. Such intense
competition is likely to put the company's market position under stress and may
keep revenues under pressure.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATION IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the company's
investment income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to monetary policies of
government, domestic and international, economic and political conditions, and
other factors beyond its control. The company invests cash in new interest
bearing investments, which may yield lower than its portfolio's average rate of
return with decline in interest rates. A decrease in interest rates may also
result in buying longer-term or riskier assets in order to obtain adequate
investment yields leading in a duration gap when compared to the duration of
liabilities. An increase in interest rates may affect the value of its
investment portfolio by decreasing the fair values of the fixed maturity
securities. Therefore, a decrease in quality of investment portfolio with
changes in interest rates may cause realized losses on securities.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

New science standards open for comment

BYLINE: Morgan Jacobsen Deseret News

LENGTH: 851 words


By Morgan Jacobsen

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - Utah middle-schoolers are one step closer to getting new
science standards.

The Utah State Board of Education opened for public comment a draft of new
science standards for sixth- through eighth-graders Friday. Parents, teachers
and other members of the public will have 90 days to express support or suggest
changes to the standards online and in public hearings.

The proposed standards would incorporate recent developments in science and
bring clarity to current benchmarks, which haven't been updated in more than a
decade, according to Sarah Young, a K-12 science specialist at the Utah State
Office of Education.

"We talk a lot with the community about how much has changed in our society,"
Young said. "Not just in terms of our understanding of a lot of these science
concepts ... but additionally the research around best practices for teaching
science (and) how to effectively instruct our kids to be college- and
career-ready."

After the public review period, revisions based on the feedback will be made,
and the standards will go before the State School Board for final approval,
which is expected to occur in September.

If approved, the standards will be piloted in several districts before being
implemented statewide. Teachers will also receive training in how to implement
the standards. Assessment systems, including SAGE, Utah's year-end test, will be
adjusted accordingly.

The new standards place a heavier emphasis on engineering fields and how they
interconnect with current scientific practices. They also include technological
advancements in communication and GPS.

Each concept includes a fundamental question with specific performance
objectives establishing a baseline expectation for students. Root questions for
sixth-graders focus on the relationship between matter and energy and how it
affects Earth's systems:

* How does energy affect the structure and behavior of matter?

* How do energy and matter move in patterns that affect Earth's weather and
climate?

* How does the availability of energy and matter affect stability and change in
ecosystems?

Root questions for seventh- graders delve into how organisms are affected by
their environment:

* How does the structure and behaviors of an organism affect its ability to
grow, survive, and reproduce?

* What patterns can be observed as evidence to support changes in species over
time?

* How does the cycling of matter and energy affect Earth's evolution over time?

Questions in the eighth-grade standards go into further detail of energy and
life on Earth:

* How do matter and energy interact to form the physical world?

* How do humans respond to and interact with Earth?

* How is life maintained?

The full draft of the standards can be viewed at
www.schools.utah.gov/curr/science/revision.aspx.

Ricky Scott, a science education specialist with the Utah State Office of
Education, said the new standards would streamline current policy and allow
schools more flexibility to adjust their curriculum.

"We hope that through the streamlining that they become easier for local
control," Scott said.

Dawn Monson, a middle school teacher of 33 years and president-elect for the
Utah Science Teachers Association, said many educators are looking forward to
bringing students' foundational objectives in science up to date.

"The science teachers of Utah are eager for this change and know it's needed.
You and I know that the world has changed in the last 15 years," Monson said.
"We have to teach differently."

Toby Dillon is a parent and an IT specialist who was involved in the review
committee for the new standards. He said controversial topics in the new
benchmarks, such as evolution and climate change, have sparked debate among
parents. He also said he wishes the standards included more on computer science.

The proposed standards also bear a very close resemblance to the Next Generation
Science Standards, which were developed by a group of nationally recognized
educators and experts in scientific fields.

The close resemblance is what troubles Frank Strickland, a Utah geologist who
says the standards are also based on "poor science."

"The ones we have now are better from a scientific standpoint than what you're
considering," Strickland said to members of the State School Board on Friday.

Dillon, however, said there's a consensus among educators and parents in support
of the standards as a whole.

"I think for my money as a taxpayer, that is extremely wise to use the existing
Next Generation Standards," Dillon said during Friday's board meeting. "I'm here
to reiterate that the majority of the people of Utah like these standards."

Members of the public can give their feedback on the standards by going to
www.surveymonkey.com/s/science publicreview.

In addition to the online review, there will be five public meetings held
throughout the state where the public can weigh in on the standards. Locations
and times for the meetings are expected to be announced next week on the Utah
State Office of Education website, www.schools.utah.gov.

Email: mjacobsen@deseretnews.com

Twitter: MorganEJacobsen

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 26, 2008 Saturday

US economic crisis not to affect India much - PM

LENGTH: 273 words


Text of report headlined "US slowdown will not affect economy much - Manmohan"
published by Indian newspaper The Hindu website on 26 January, subheadings as
carried

New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday [25 January] said the
country's economic fundamentals were strong enough not to be affected by a
likely slowdown in the USA. At a joint press conference with French President
Nicolas Sarkozy here, Dr Singh said: "I am confident we can sustain our growth
momentum at 9 and 9.5 [per cent] per annum despite (the) international
situation."

Interdependent

At the same time, in the globalized world, developing economies could get
affected.

"It is an interdependent world. International financial crisis can affect
economies of developing countries like India," he said.

"We hope the USA will take effective and credible steps to check the sub-prime
crisis," Dr Singh said, even as he envisaged little impact on India.

"We won't be affected much as the foundation of the Indian economy is sound."

Bank fraud

To questions on the impact of the 7.15bn-dollar fraud at France's second biggest
bank, Societe Generale, Mr Sarkozy said it was an internal fraud and would in no
way affect the "solidity and reliability" of the country's strong banking
system.

"We will not be affected. No way can it affect the stability of the French
banking system."

On the turmoil in the global financial markets, he said: "The crisis is
radiating out of the US sub-prime issue, so there is need for more transparency
and less regulation... [ellipsis as published]. The situation can't go on like
this."

Source: The Hindu website, Chennai, in English 26 Jan 08

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 4, 2008 Friday

Plea deal won't affect other cases

BYLINE: Tara Bozick, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Jul. 4--Michael Ratcliff's plea bargain won't legally affect the cases of the
four other Victoria indicted officials' cases, one attorney said.

"I don't think it affects our case one way or the other," attorney Scot Courtney
from San Marcos said.

Courtney represents Lt. Ralph Buentello with the Victoria Police Department. A
grand jury indicted Buentello, Police Chief Bruce Ure, former city attorney
David A. Smith and Mayor Will Armstrong on charges that they leaked information
and tampered with the investigation of the former sheriff, who accepted a plea
deal on Thursday.

Buentello, Ure and Smith face charges of aggravated perjury, tampering with a
witness, official oppression, misuse of official information and criminal
conspiracy. Armstrong faces charges of misuse of official information and
criminal conspiracy. All have pleaded not guilty to all charges.

In past Advocate reports, Smith said he was worried the Ratcliff investigation
had stalled and alleged a possible cover-up by the district attorney.

"I think they are vindicated in that apparently there was something to it,"
Courtney said about the indicted officials.

While Courtney is disappointed prosecutors aren't pursuing the original
allegations in the Ratcliff case, he's glad the case will be finished before his
client's case goes to trial.

"It may prevent some legal hurdles or obstacles or problems," he said.

Wayne Meissner from Austin, Armstrong's attorney, attended Ratcliff's hearing on
Thursday but said he couldn't comment at the time.

Victoria Police Department officials chose not to comment on this case.

Greg Cagle from League City representing Ure and Randy Schaffer from Houston,
representing Smith, couldn't be reached for comment.

The next court hearing in these cases is set for July 25.

Tara Bozick is a reporter for the Advocate. Contact her at 361-580-6504 or
tbozick@vicad.com

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080704-VI-Plea-deal-won-t-affect-other-cases-0704

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2008 Victoria Advocate


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 13, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

The power of emotions Mate influences blood pressure

BYLINE: Marilyn Elias

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 307 words

DATELINE:  MONTEREY, Calif.

<>
Scientists presented new research on physical and mental health
at the American Psychosomatic Society meeting in Monterey, Calif.,
over the weekend.
<>
<>
These stories by USA TODAY's Marilyn Elias cover some of the findings
discussed at the meeting. Topics included how stress, personality
and support affect the progression of HIV infection to AIDS, how
stress plays a role in susceptibility to the common cold, and
how marriage affects one's blood pressure.
<>

MONTEREY, Calif. -- A happy marriage may be good medicine for
people with mild hypertension, and a bad marriage apparently can
drive their blood pressure up over time, a Toronto researcher
reported.

The study followed 103 couples, each with one mildly hypertensive
spouse, to see whether their marriages affect blood pressure.
Those with mild high blood pressure have a diastolic (bottom)
reading of slightly over 90.

Blood pressure readings were taken at the start, and participants
reported how much contact they had with their mates on a typical
workday. Spouses also filled out questionnaires about their marriages.

Three years later, the checks on blood pressure and marital contact
were repeated. One big surprise: The happily married were spending
nearly twice as much time together on an average workday as three
years earlier, says Brian Baker of the University of Toronto Medical
School.

And contact in these good marriages seemed to help a mate's hypertension.
Blood pressure fell by 6 points on average.

Spouses in unhappy marriages were spending just a few minutes
more together every day, but this contact was bad for their health.
More time together correlated with higher blood pressure.

Overall, the mildly hypertensive in unhappy marriages had blood
pressure 6 points higher three years later.



LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: HEALTH AND BEHAVIOR

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 12, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MISSOURI AVENUE CROSSING NEEDS OVERPASS, E. ST. LOUIS RESIDENT SAYS;
LOCAL NAACP LEADER IS URGING COMMUNITY TO JOIN HIS CAMPAIGN

BYLINE: Denise Hollinshed; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: EAST ST. LOUIS


The Rev. Johnny Scott says he believes that the train crossing in the 2100 block
of Missouri Avenue (Illinois Route 15) is a disaster waiting to happen, and he
wants an overpass built to avert it.

Scott, president of the East St. Louis chapter of the NAACP, says he fears that
an anxious motorist will collide with a train or another vehicle in an attempt
to avoid what can be a long wait for a train to pass.

Any accident, Scott believes, could become fatal because the trains will block
emergency vehicles.

He hopes to gather support through a public forum on the route.

"That's a highway. It affects the commerce and residential area," Scott said.
"You have people in a rush, and at the last minute they try to go around the
gate."

Scott said motorists even run stop signs to try to avoid being stopped by the
train.

"I'm afraid there's going to be a bad accident," he said. "I welcome
participation from residents and business people to solve the problem."

Few homes would be affected by the overpass, although Scott acknowledges that an
overpass could affect 80-year-old Officer Funeral Home.

Carl Officer, the former mayor of East St. Louis, agreed that it would affect
his family business, but he declined to talk about any specifics and referred
questions to his mother, Myrtle Officer, who is president of the family
business. She was not available for comment.

Officer recalled a public hearing about 15 years ago about an overpass.

"I had funds allocated from the state of Illinois to build five overpasses," he
said. An overpass was built on State Street.

But the public doesn't like them, Officer said. "I don't know if they will be in
favor" of one on Missouri Avenue, he said.

James Easterly, the engineer for the 10-county District 8 of the Illinois
Department of Transportation, said he had talked with Scott about the overpass
and affirmed Officer's recollection that money had been allocated for
overpasses.

"It was considered but not selected, for whatever reason," before he became
district engineer," Easterly said.

He said that IDOT now has no plans for a Missouri Avenue overpass. With an
overpass costing at least $ 5 million, and given that IDOT spends about $ 80
million annually in this district, few overpasses are considered.

Easterly said the earliest that IDOT could consider adding such an overpass to
its five-year plan would be next spring.

Factors that would be considered would be cost, accident record and frequency of
trains. If the project got district approval, it would need approval at
department headquarters in Springfield.

Easterly said that last spring IDOT included an Illinois Route 157 overpass in
Cahokia in its five-year plan.

Construction won't begin for four or five years to take care of land studies,
design, land purchase and relocation of utilities.

Easterly said the Cahokia overpass came together well because a railroad and the
village of Cahokia agreed to help finance it.

"I would encourage the Rev. Scott to do the same thing," Easterly said.

Robert Berry, railroad safety specialist for Illinois Commerce Commission, said
it would be cheaper to enforce the law than to build an overpass.

"Maybe they want to consider looking into handing out tickets to people who run
the gate," Berry said. The fine is $ 500 for running a gate.

"People will think twice before running a gate," Berry said. "Enforcement is a
major part of assuring safety at railroad crossings."

The last fatal accident at the site was on May 10, 1990.

About 11,000 vehicles use the crossing over the Terminal Railroad tracks every
day, Berry said.

Scott has drafted a letters to Mayor Debra Powell, Rep. Wyvetter Younge and
IDOT.

"It's one of the busiest streets in the city," Scott said. He said IDOT has
asked for signatures from officials to consider the overpass.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MAP (1) Photo by ODELL MITCHELL JR./POST-DISPATCH - Cars wait
for a train to clear the tracks at the railroad crossing in the 2100 block of
Missouri Avenue in East St. Louis. The Rev. Johnny Scott is asking for an
overpass at the intersection so cars won't try to beat oncoming trains across
the tracks.
 (2) Map - Rail crossing - East St. Louis - (railroad crossing at Missouri Ave.,
highway 15)

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 15, 2002 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Governors Gauge Impact of Scandals;
Corporate Misdeeds Likely to Affect November Elections, State Leaders Say

BYLINE: Dan Balz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 941 words

DATELINE: BOISE, Idaho July 14


The corporate accountability debate has spilled over into hallway conversations
of the summer meeting of the National Governors Association here this weekend,
with Democratic governors confident the issue will help their party politically
and Republicans rallying behind President Bush.

But there is not unanimity of opinion among the governors in attendance. Some
Republicans fear the White House might have to do more to prevent serious
political damage in the months ahead, while Democrats are split over how far
Congress should go to try to correct the problems in corporate America.

The governors see the corporate governance issue as one that is more likely to
affect House and Senate elections in November than the gubernatorial contests in
the states, although there are signs the issue could affect some state races in
which candidates come from the business community.

What genuinely concerns the governors is how quickly the economy can bounce
back. Republicans and Democrats here said restoration of consumer and investor
confidence will have a telling impact on whether they see any quick relief for
the revenue shortages and strained budgets they have been dealing with all year.
But there was no consensus on whether presidential cheerleading, congressional
action or new economic initiatives will get the job done.

Vermont Gov. Howard Dean (D), who is running for president in 2004 instead of
seeking reelection this November, said he has no doubt that Democrats benefit
politically from corporate misdeeds.

"Just as the Democrats are associated with things like health care and
education, Republicans are associated with business," he said. "When business
goes bad, you've got a big problem if you're a Republican. There's not one
person in America who believes that the business community and the president
aren't joined at the hip."

Dean dismissed questions about whether Democrats might be as vulnerable as
Republicans because they, too, have received political contributions from
corporations in the past decade. "Most of these corporations will give $ 1,000
to the Democrats and $ 50,000 to the Republicans, so there's not much
comparison," Dean said.

Michigan Gov. John Engler (R) said Democratic congressional leaders, in their
zeal to score political points, will overstate reality and misfire with the
voters. He was particularly scornful of Senate Majority Leader Thomas A. Daschle
(D-S.D.) for suggesting that the decline in corporate ethics has happened only
since Bush took office.

"That's preposterous on its face," Engler said. "What an absurd thing to say."

Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee (R) said he doubts that voters will see the
corporate governance issue in partisan terms and believes they are more likely
to focus their anger on corporations and corporate executives. "I don't get the
sense that people are blaming politicians," he said.

But Oklahoma Gov. Frank A. Keating (R) said all incumbents could suffer because
of the uncertainties the country faces economically and from threats of
terrorism.

"Sometimes the moons align and curse you," he said, citing the confluence of
Sept. 11, the troubled economy and corporate malfeasance. "That's not good for
incumbents, and that's not good for the country."

Keating said the country is looking for leadership on the economy. "The
president has to focus on the issues," he said. "I think he is doing so. . . .
But I hope he does a lot more. He needs to get far more aggressive in restoring
confidence."

He said what is needed is "more visibility, more of the president speaking out
on the issues, more of his team" speaking out. But Keating said the
administration's economic team does not have the standing with people that
Bush's national security team enjoys. "I don't think too many people could
answer who's responsible for the economy," Keating said.

Keating called Bush and Vice President Cheney men "of full integrity" and
expressed confidence that questions about the president's sale of Harken Energy
Corp. stock more than a decade ago and the inquiry into Halliburton's accounting
practices when Cheney was the chief executive will not turn up any wrongdoing.
But he said the administration should be as open as possible in answering
questions.

"The best policy is full disclosure and full transparency," Keating said.

Dean said Congress and the president must move far more aggressively to crack
down on corporate misbehavior. But as Democrats and Republicans in Congress vie
to show voters that they want significantly tougher standards established,
Virginia Gov. Mark R. Warner (D) raised a cautionary voice about the "frenzied
environment" in Washington.

Warner, a successful businessman before winning the governor's office last
November, said that although he favors punishing corporate executives who have
violated the law, he worries that excessive action could have the long-term
effect of chilling new investment and entrepreneurial activity.

"We have to think beyond tomorrow's headlines," Warner said.

"I think there's a balance here," he added. "There are longer-term implications
than just this election cycle."

What the president could or should be doing in this environment drew a variety
of opinions from the governors. But Warner neatly encapsulated the dilemma the
president finds himself in as he seeks to reassure the public that he has a
solution.

"The president's in a really challenging position here," Warner said. "He needs
to keep America's confidence high in the economy and keep America's confidence
in the basic business structure of the country, but not appear an apologist for
corporate America."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 24, 2012 Friday

Tupelo mail heads to Memphis

BYLINE: Emily Le Coz, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


Feb. 24--TUPELO -- Postal workers here shrugged when they learned their
mail-processing facility will move to Memphis in the latest round of closures
and consolidations announced Wednesday.

It seemed inevitable, many said.

The U.S. Postal Service, whose decision this week affects hundreds of facilities
nationwide, has eyed Tupelo since 2009. It first wanted to move its processing
operations to Grenada, then scrapped that plan and switched its sights to
Memphis.

"We've always hoped it would be saved, but sooner or later we knew something
would happen," said Kenny Long, local president for the American Postal Workers
Union.

Another employee, Patience Davis, said she knew it, too, which is why she left
her processing job to become a mail carrier.

"I jumped ship," Davis said, "because it was coming, and I knew it."

The consolidation won't take effect until summer or fall and is contingent upon
approval of a new mail delivery standard, according to the USPS website.

Mail is processed in Tupelo at the Thomas Street branch, which handles a daily
average of 100,000 pieces entering and exiting communities whose ZIP codes begin
with 388. Fifty employees work in the processing department.

Consolidation will move the entire operation to Memphis and affect 16 local jobs
with an estimated savings of $1.6 million. Post offices and other services will
remain unchanged.

The USPS approved four consolidations in Mississippi this week: Grenada's
mail-processing operations will move to Jackson; Hattiesburg's and Gulfport's
will move to Mobile, Ala.

Together, it will affect 77 employees and save the cash-strapped agency more
than $8.7 million. It also will leave the state with just one remaining
processing center -- Jackson.

Nationwide, the agency approved 223 of the 264 consolidations or closures it had
been studying since late last year. They're estimated to reduce operating costs
by $2.6 billion annually and affect some 35,000 employees.

The USPS has lost billions of dollars annually in the face of rapidly declining
mail volume. To stay viable, the agency must restructure its business model,
said Doug Kyle, USPS consumer affairs manager for the district office in
Jackson.

"If you look at the numbers," Kyle said, "it's clear something has to change or
we're not going to have a postal service even by the end of the year."

emily.lecoz@journalinc.com

___ (c)2012 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120224-TP-HLT-Tupelo-mail-heads-to-Memphis-0224-20120224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2012 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               December 14, 2005

Card skimmers eyed in Sams Club data theft;
An Alabama Credit Union official says the breach may affect thousands of
customers

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: SECURITY; A data breach involving Sams Club may have relied on the use
of illegal "card-skimming" devices to steal credit card data at the companys gas
stations, and it may affect many more people than the company said it knows
about.

LENGTH: 723 words

A victim of the recent Sam's Club security breach suggests that fraudsters may
have stolen credit card information by using illegal "card-skimming" devices
attached to the pumps at the company's gas stations. The fraudulent activity may
also have been going on for a longer period than that suggested by the wholesale
giant, and it may affect thousands of people.

Sam's Club, a division of Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  , said
in a brief Dec. 2 statement that it was investigating a security breach that had
exposed the credit card data of an unspecified number of customers who bought
fuel at its gas stations between Sept. 21 and Oct. 2. The company said it was
alerted to the problem by credit card issuers whose customers were complaining
of fraudulent charges on their statements.

Apart from saying that "electronic systems and databases used inside its stores"
were not involved, Sam's Club officials have refused to disclose what happened.
They have not returned repeated telephone calls for comment.

The breach prompted the Alabama Credit Union (ACU) to block and reissue debit
cards to about 500 of its customers after it learned of the problem last week.
The ACU was alerted to the breach by Credit Union National Association Inc.  ,
according to Kayce Bell, chief operating officer at the Tuscaloosa, Ala.-based
credit union.

The fact that one institution alone had to block so many cards suggests that the
breach may have affected a lot more than the 600 or so victims Sam's Club said
it knows about, said Avivah Litan, an analyst at Gartner Inc.  in Stamford,
Conn.

In fact, ACU President Steve Swofford, in comments a target="new"
"http://www.alabamacu.com/news/archive/visacard_breach.html" posted/a on the
credit union's Web site, said that the breach affects "many, many cardholders,
card issuers and financial institutions.

"We are certain, in the coming days, more card issuers and financial
institutions will be contacting their cardholders to take similar action to
prevent fraudulent transactions from occurring," Swofford said. "We're aware of
at least one large financial institution in Alabama that has more than 4,000
cards affected, but they have made no public announcement yet.

Dan Zerle, an employee at a large California software company who was a victim
of the breach, told Computerworld via e-mail today that he believes thieves got
his data by placing their own counterfeit card reader over the regular credit
card reader on the gas pump. "I remember the credit card reader looking
different," he said. "Unfortunately, I realized what this meant after I
discovered the fraudulent charges."

Zerle said his card information was stolen from the gas station at a Sam's Club
store in Roseville, Calif., on either Nov. 2 or Nov. 17 -- more than a month
after Sam's Club said the breaches took place -- and was used to make fraudulent
purchases on Nov. 21. " [The] thieves bought some jewelry at a shop in Sweden
with a fake card that had my number on it," he said.

Although the activity drained his checking account, Zerle said he has since been
reimbursed for the fraudulent charges by his bank, Wells Fargo & Co.  After
realizing that the theft had occurred, Zerle said he spoke filed a report with
local police, and spoke with U.S. Secret Service agents and an automated teller
machine fraud investigator at Wells Fargo.

If card skimmers were used to steal credit card data, Sam's Club is only the
latest victim of an increasingly prevalent form of credit card fraud. "Gas-pump
skimming has become the largest fraud problem for a lot of card issuers," Litan
said.

Illegal card-reading devices are increasingly being used to intercept and record
data stored on magnetic strips on credit cards when people use the cards to buy
gas, Litan said. The skimming devices, which have very small footprints, are
sometimes linked to the internal wiring of gas pumps; at other times, they are
placed externally on top of the regular card readers, where they are hard to
notice, she said.

Getting internal access to multiple gas pumps is often not hard because one key
can sometimes be used to open numerous pumps made by the same manufacturer,
Litan said. "All you need is one disgruntled employee" to compromise a number of
systems, she said.


LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Computerworld, Inc.


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               December 14, 2005

Card skimmers eyed in Sams Club data theft;
An Alabama Credit Union official says the breach may affect thousands of
customers

BYLINE: Jaikumar Vijayan

SECTION: SECURITY; A data breach involving Sams Club may have relied on the use
of illegal "card-skimming" devices to steal credit card data at the companys gas
stations, and it may affect many more people than the company said it knows
about.

LENGTH: 723 words

A victim of the recent Sam's Club security breach suggests that fraudsters may
have stolen credit card information by using illegal "card-skimming" devices
attached to the pumps at the company's gas stations. The fraudulent activity may
also have been going on for a longer period than that suggested by the wholesale
giant, and it may affect thousands of people.

Sam's Club, a division of Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  , said
in a brief Dec. 2 statement that it was investigating a security breach that had
exposed the credit card data of an unspecified number of customers who bought
fuel at its gas stations between Sept. 21 and Oct. 2. The company said it was
alerted to the problem by credit card issuers whose customers were complaining
of fraudulent charges on their statements.

Apart from saying that "electronic systems and databases used inside its stores"
were not involved, Sam's Club officials have refused to disclose what happened.
They have not returned repeated telephone calls for comment.

The breach prompted the Alabama Credit Union (ACU) to block and reissue debit
cards to about 500 of its customers after it learned of the problem last week.
The ACU was alerted to the breach by Credit Union National Association Inc.  ,
according to Kayce Bell, chief operating officer at the Tuscaloosa, Ala.-based
credit union.

The fact that one institution alone had to block so many cards suggests that the
breach may have affected a lot more than the 600 or so victims Sam's Club said
it knows about, said Avivah Litan, an analyst at Gartner Inc.  in Stamford,
Conn.

In fact, ACU President Steve Swofford, in comments a target="new"
"http://www.alabamacu.com/news/archive/visacard_breach.html" posted/a on the
credit union's Web site, said that the breach affects "many, many cardholders,
card issuers and financial institutions.

"We are certain, in the coming days, more card issuers and financial
institutions will be contacting their cardholders to take similar action to
prevent fraudulent transactions from occurring," Swofford said. "We're aware of
at least one large financial institution in Alabama that has more than 4,000
cards affected, but they have made no public announcement yet.

Dan Zerle, an employee at a large California software company who was a victim
of the breach, told Computerworld via e-mail today that he believes thieves got
his data by placing their own counterfeit card reader over the regular credit
card reader on the gas pump. "I remember the credit card reader looking
different," he said. "Unfortunately, I realized what this meant after I
discovered the fraudulent charges."

Zerle said his card information was stolen from the gas station at a Sam's Club
store in Roseville, Calif., on either Nov. 2 or Nov. 17 -- more than a month
after Sam's Club said the breaches took place -- and was used to make fraudulent
purchases on Nov. 21. " [The] thieves bought some jewelry at a shop in Sweden
with a fake card that had my number on it," he said.

Although the activity drained his checking account, Zerle said he has since been
reimbursed for the fraudulent charges by his bank, Wells Fargo & Co.  After
realizing that the theft had occurred, Zerle said he spoke filed a report with
local police, and spoke with U.S. Secret Service agents and an automated teller
machine fraud investigator at Wells Fargo.

If card skimmers were used to steal credit card data, Sam's Club is only the
latest victim of an increasingly prevalent form of credit card fraud. "Gas-pump
skimming has become the largest fraud problem for a lot of card issuers," Litan
said.

Illegal card-reading devices are increasingly being used to intercept and record
data stored on magnetic strips on credit cards when people use the cards to buy
gas, Litan said. The skimming devices, which have very small footprints, are
sometimes linked to the internal wiring of gas pumps; at other times, they are
placed externally on top of the regular card readers, where they are hard to
notice, she said.

Getting internal access to multiple gas pumps is often not hard because one key
can sometimes be used to open numerous pumps made by the same manufacturer,
Litan said. "All you need is one disgruntled employee" to compromise a number of
systems, she said.


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Computerworld, Inc.


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 2, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEW YORKERS & CO.;
A Cabby Who'll Take You (Far) Beyond the City

BYLINE: By DAN ACKMAN

SECTION: Section 14; Page 4; Column 2; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1081 words


MIDNIGHT. Midweek. Mid-universe. Cruising Times Square, Mark Allan, licensed
taxi driver and metaphysical poet, is halfway home.

Mr. Allan, a tall, gaunt man with curly dark hair and eyes that seek out light
in the Manhattan night, is the author of "Cool Algonquin," a self-published
collection of works that appeared in 1995. In all likelihood he is the only
metaphysical poet to drive a cab in New York, which he has done, he says, for 18
out of the last 28 years.

In an industry now dominated by immigrants from Pakistan and India, Mr. Allan, a
50-year-old native New Yorker, is a throwback to a time when cabdrivers tended
to be wisecracking Brooklynites or actors or artists driving nights while
waiting for their next big break.

His dual professions -- hack/metaphysician -- raise a pair of questions: How do
metaphysics affect his driving a taxi? And how does driving a taxi affect his
metaphysics?

Mr. Allan answers the first question on a long dead run, cabby talk for driving
without a passenger.

"I use metaphysics to reduce the most important parts of the work to formulas
containing all the variables affecting the work," he says. "Each set of
variables affects how you react when you're looking for a fare -- whether to
turn or go straight, whether to head to the hotels uptown or the bars downtown.

"You also have to account for variables you don't control, like the weather, the
traffic and the general sense of where the riding public wants to go. You need
your formulas, but you also have to be ready for the unexpected."

As he speaks, a fare hails him down on a deserted stretch of 12th Avenue. The
surprise customer demonstrates that "sometimes patterns don't hold."

"That's when chaos theory applies," Mr. Allan says. "Like on Wall Street, except
the money's no good."

He started driving a cab soon after getting his master's in education from
Brown.  He never taught, he said, because he was more focused on making a career
as a lyricist than in getting a teaching job.

For years, Mr. Allan worked with the songwriter Osmund J. Hovden, who Mr. Allan
says "happens to be the world's best guitarist no one has ever heard about."
Recently, though, Mr. Allan has focused more on his poetry. He said he cannot
write in New York, and he finished his collection of poems a few years ago in a
cabin in the hills outside Santa Cruz, Calif. In this house, not far from the
ocean, he used to shut down all the lights and electrical appliances and write
by candlelight.

Mr. Allan fell in love with a fare once. It was 1975, and he was on First Avenue
in the 60's near Maxwell's Plum, the white hot heart of the then-wild Manhattan
singles scene. Watching her approach his taxi, "she was one of the most
beautiful women I had ever seen," he recalled.

"I was transfixed," he added. "But when she got in I heard a male voice asking
me to go to Penn Station. I turned around and saw her boyfriend." When he sent
her off alone, Mr. Allan asked for her number.

Her name was Mary Anne Anderson, a dancer who lived in Queens.

"'At the time, I was pretty aggressive cruising the chicks," he said. "She was
reluctant at first, but later on it got hot and heavy." The two broke up after a
few months because she wanted a family and, Mr. Allan said, "I wasn't ready for
that."

In "Cool Algonquin," he wrote a poem about her:

. . . Don't worry about her handsome man

Try anyway

Getting a laugh

As you're rounding the corner

Falling in love

As you're crossing the border.

Mr. Allan prefers driving after midnight because he likes to cover ground. Fares
in the early morning are harder to find, and he has to strategize constantly,
avoiding the obvious places like Grand Central Terminal, where he says there are
too many other cabs hunting for business. Mr. Allan says he does best between 4
and 5 a.m., after most cabbies have quit for the night.

HE drives fast, his eyes peering over the wheel, noticing everything, especially
other cabs and whether they have fares. He sees people hailing taxis, people
whom mortal drivers never see. On the other hand, he seems not to see
pedestrians, whom he nevertheless manages to miss, at times just barely.

When another empty cab speeds in front of him, the race is on, since whoever is
in front is more likely to nab the next fare.  Spotting a taxi dead ahead, Mr.
Allan notes, "Right now he controls Sixth Avenue."

As Mr. Allan drives, he explains his plans for popularizing his poetry, which
failed to sell well in bookstores. In the next few months, he intends to put up
a Web site, produce a CD-ROM, a spoken-word record and T-shirts with pictures of
famous poets.  He will spread the word through live readings, starting in New
York and California. His brother, Mitchell Mark, a California software
entrepreneur, is serving as the executive producer and marketing strategist for
the project.

Mr. Allan says "infinity, doubt and certainty" are major themes in his poetry
and adds that he creates "a lot of protagonists -- omniscient, blocked, good,
evil, addled, false." His influences include William Blake and Jim Morrison.

Mr. Allan has done other things to earn a living. He sold computer software in
California. He also had his own food distribution business, running
black-and-white cookies and Linzer tortes from Brooklyn, where such treats are
plentiful, to central Connecticut, where they are not. He thinks about quitting
all the time, he says, but driving a cab has a certain pull on him.

"It's hard to break away," he explained.  "It's work that's not work. I like to
cover territory. As long as I've been driving, not a day goes by where I don't
see part of the city that I've never seen before."

Mr. Allan knows he is part of a dying breed, the native New Yorker cabby. He
used to have a number of friends in the business, but now he has just a few. The
money is also not as good as it was. Most nights he has to struggle to make $75
for himself after paying the $100 it costs to lease the cab for the night.

For now, staying behind the wheel allows him to focus on his poetry. While the
readership so far has been limited, the reaction has been almost universally
positive. Some of his customers read the book in the back of his taxi on long
runs and, he said, were "metaphysically freaked out by it."

But what excites him most are plans to record his work and read it in public.

"The readings are going to be killer," he said. "You can't even imagine what it
sounds like."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "Infinity, doubt and certainty" are major themes in the poetry
of Mark Allan, who says his influences include William Blake and Jim Morrison.
(Christopher Smith for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

Higher flood-level definitions won't affect FEMA claims

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


Jan. 21--OTTUMWA -- Are you ready for higher flood levels?

The National Weather Service (NWS) is looking at changing the definitions of
flooding for Ottumwa.

The weather officials said it's part of a larger redefinition for Iowa, and the
threshold for moderate flooding would go up 7 feet while major flooding would go
up by 6 feet.

But that doesn't mean citizens will have to deal with more water before they can
get any help on flood insurance.

Jerry Zogg, the NWS hydrologist, who is heading the project, said the endeavor
"is an effort" to make sure the facts on the NWS website are what's actually
happening.

"This has no bearing on flood insurance and won't affect premiums. Also, it
won't change having the flood insurance as determined by FEMA," he added.

NWS officials are proposing changes to the definitions of what constitutes flood
stage, moderate flood stage and major flood stage. In Ottumwa, the definition of
flood stage for the Des Moines River would remain at 11 feet.

Josh Stevens, Wapello County's emergency management coordinator, said he and
Wapello County Engineer Brian Moore have reviewed the county's data, "which may
or may not be accurate.

"[The NWS officials] are trying to make sure 'moderate flooding' is really
moderate," Stevens said. "The Des Moines River has changed and for a long period
the information was inaccurate."

Stevens also noted Jerry Zogg is an expert on flood levels.

On Friday Zogg said the weather service was reviewing current levels for flood
stages, both moderate and major, and "not just Ottumwa." He said it pertains to
every single location where the NWS provides flood warnings.

"We serve 51 counties and we're looking at many locations," Zogg said.

Since 2008 he's talked with co-workers and officials about how the flood stages
may be too low. In working with officials and the flood impact information, Zogg
learned many details about the impact of storms.

"The information might tell them at 5 feet that Main Street has water on it and
it's a way to communicate what's happening at a given stage," he said.

Zogg received input from officials in his area and elsewhere in Iowa and the NWS
has input from local leaders and photographs from many areas.

"We're glad your newspaper ran the story because we serve a large area and won't
know what the locals know," he added. "We're working with local officials and
Ottumwa leaders have responded."

Part of what Zogg and the NWS are working on is what the levels will be and
that's yet to be determined. The levels may be called "moderate" and "major,"
but they won't be as high.

Zogg said their intent wasn't to belittle any impacts a family receives after
"their house goes to water." The NWS is asking for input because they may not be
aware of citizens' concerns.

"We don't want to be too low or too high. We don't want to say moderate flooding
is occurring when it's not," he said.

The reason state officials pursued the project was to gather local input and to
improve their services. Zogg said the NWS radar is high tech but they still
can't see everything that's happening.

"We rely on spotters and law enforcement to tell us what's going because we
won't see everything from Des Moines," Zogg said.

___ (c)2012 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120121-OT-Higher-flood-level-definitions-won-t-affect
-FEMA-claims-0121-20120121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2012 Ottumwa Courier


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday

Can you live this fantasy (football) life?

BYLINE: Randy Hollis Deseret News

LENGTH: 631 words


Fantasy Football has taken over my life. It happens right around this same time
every year, when the National Football League season kicks into gear. Fantasy
Football ? or FFB, as I and my fellow addicts like to call it ? affects the way
I watch NFL games.

It affects my attention span at church. It affects the way I sleep at night.
Sometimes, unfortunately, it even affects the way I treat my wife and kids. No
longer do I watch NFL games each week and simply root for my favorite teams ?
the Colts and 49ers ? to win. Instead, nowadays I'm much more interested in how
"my" guys ? the ones I selected in my FFB Draft this year ? are doing on any
given Sunday. For the uneducated (and, fortunately for them, the unaddicted),
Fantasy Football consists of a group of team "owners" ? a group of friends,
co-workers, or perhaps even hundreds of strangers participating in the same
league online ? drafting a lineup comprised of top NFL players who each fantasy
owner would love to have on his team. Then, each NFL player's statistics ?
passing, rushing and receiving yards, touchdowns, field goals, defensive
categories, etc. ? are used to determine the top scores and subsequent weekly
and season-long winners. You can play for cash prizes, M&Ms or simply for
bragging rights, but Fantasy Football is part guilty pleasure and part bad
habit. And once you're hooked, it's a tough one to break. FFB's first cousin is
all those various Pro Pigskin Picks (PPP) formats out there ? pick 'em leagues
in which participants try to pick each of the NFL's weekly winners. PPP isn't
nearly as intrusive on a football fan's life as FFB, but either one can lead to
SZS ? Sunday Zombie Syndrome, which involves watching the highlight reels over
and over again, and certainly can't be a good thing. When it comes to watching
NFL games on TV, Fantasy Football distorts one's viewing enjoyment. Last Monday
night, for example, the Chiefs were trying to hang on to a seven-point lead
against the Chargers, who had driven down inside the Kansas City 10-yard line
with time running out. And there I was, in my family room, cheering like crazy
for the Chargers to tie it up and send the game into overtime. And why? Because
I'm a Chargers fan? Certainly not. No, the reason for my sudden San Diego fandom
was that Chiefs' running back Jamaal Charles was only eight yards short of 100,
which would give my FFB team a 10-point bonus if he reached it. So, as any
self-respecting FFB bozo would do, I figured if the game went into OT, then
Charles might get a couple more carries and hit the 100-yard plateau, thus
adding to my team's score for the week. Yes, you're right, it seems sorta sick,
twisted, demented ? they all apply ? oh, and lots of fun, too. For the next four
months, FFB will be a focal point of my existence. I've got to decide whether I
want Peyton Manning, Drew Brees or Aaron Rodgers to be my team's top
quarterback. I'd love to have Johnson & Johnson ? Chris and Calvin ? as my
running back/wide receiver tandem. Of course, last week, the Texans' Arian
Foster ? who? ? was the guy to have on your team. But who knew? And I pity the
poor owner who took the Packers' Ryan Grant (injured in Week 1 and out for the
season) with a high draft pick. Tom Brady or Tony Romo? Randy Moss or Larry
Fitzgerald? Steve Smith or the other Steve Smith? So many players, so little
time. And quicker than you can spell T.J. Houshmandzadeh, somebody else will
have a breakout game or go down with an injury. That adds to the fun/frustration
of Fantasy Football. And in January, I'll check myself into FFBR ? Fantasy
Football Rehab ? otherwise known as the offseason, for eight months. Until the
next NFL season starts again. For some of us, it's the longest eight months of
the year. e-mail: rhollis@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2011 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                 April 21, 2011

                      Verso Technologies, Inc. (Inactive)

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Wide Business Range

   Verso is engaged in manufacturing, delivering and supports hardware and
software service solutions principally to large wireline, cellular, wireless and
satellite carriers, with wide business ranges. It also delivers communications
network solutions to various customers such as carriers, enterprises,
governments and government related entities. The company products and services
include Softswitch Solutions, Edge C5 Softswitch Solution, PSTN C4 Softswitch
Solution, Access Compression Solutions, NetPerformer Integrated Access VoIP
Routers, Enhanced Services Solutions and the products list includes I-Master
Pre-paid, Rating and Billing Platform, Integrated Access Devices, Verso Verilink
Products, The broad portfolio of products of the company ensures the assurance
for the products at the time of market demand fluctuations.

Diversified Key Customers

   The company established strong customer's base. The major customers of the
company includes Singapore Telecom, Telekom Malaysia, Korea Telecom, Chunghwa
Telecom, NTT, KDDI, China Telecom, China Mobile, Telkom, KPN Verizon, Telstra,
Telecom New Zealand. These are the customer companies of verso which are the
major service providers, emerging international providers, and US carriers. Its
majority of the customers are key players at global level. The customer base of
the company could ensure the growth in its market share and cross selling.

Revenue Stream of Technology Group

   The company generated strong revenue in 2007 compared to 2006. The over all
revenue generated by the company increased by 19.1% in 2007 compared with 2006.
Technology group also recorded strong revenue stream in 2007 compared with 2006.
Its revenue from technology group increased by 23.2% in 2007 compared with 2006.
The total assets of technology group also increased by 4.8% in 2007 compared
with 2006. The Technologies group provided the base for the company to maintain
a CAGR at 15% during 2004 and 2006. The increased revenue of technology group
could help the company to maintain overall revenue.
Weaknesses:

Declined Liquidity

   The company recorded weak liquidity in 2007 over 2006. The working capital of
the company decreased from $ 38 thousand to $ 12200 thousands in 2007 over 2006.
Its current ratio declined from 99% in 2006 to 63% in 2007. The company's
liquidity ratio also declined 66% in 2006 to 43% in 2007. This is because of
purchase price payable for acquisition, current portion of credit facility,
accounts payable and current portion of notes payable. The declined liquidity of
the company and operating ratio's may adversely affect the company's future
business operations and its financial conditions.

Overdependence on North America

   The company generates 43% of its sales from international markets and 57% of
sales from domestic markets in 2007. It generates 57% of its sales in 2007 from
North America followed by 16% from Asia, 16% from Europe, 7% from South America
and 4% from South Africa. Due to its overdependence on North America, the
company increases its susceptibility for various economical and political risks
which impacts its overall competitive position.

Negative Returns

   The company accounted negative returns i.e. loss during last few years. It
recorded weak revenue in 2007 compared with 2006. The gross profit of the
company declined by 5.7% in 2007 compared with 2006. Net loss during 2006
through 2007 increased by 52.2% and the operating loss of the company for fiscal
2006 was $12.1 million and the net losses of the company accounted $17.7 million
in 2006. These losses were due to the increase in total operating expenses and
other expenses of the company in 2007 over 2006. It also incurred operating
losses from the continuing operations. The continued negative returns may
adversely affect the company and its survival in the market.
Opportunities:

Increasing Internet subscribers

   The company's core business is providing services and support voice over
broadband, voice over internet protocol and internet usage solutions. The
internet subscriber base is expected to have high rate of growth in the coming
years and with the increase in revenues of broadband. The US internet market is
expected to increase to $250 million users by 2010. The demand for broadband and
narrowband business is expected to reach 250 million and compound annual growth
rate of the internet market could be 5% and reach to $59 million by the end of
the year 2011. The increase in growth for internet market may ensure the growth
and profitability of the company.

Increasing US Spending in Telecommunication Industry

   The total spending in the U.S. telecommunications industry was $950.7 billion
in year 2007. The U.S. telecommunications industry is estimated to grow at 9.0
percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) from period 2006-2009 by reaching the
value of $1.2 trillion. This growth is due to increase in network equipment,
wireless devices, wireless services, services in support of equipment, Internet
access, unified communications, videoconferencing public room services and Web
conferencing. As the company manufacture, deliver and provide the hardware,
software and service solutions to cellular, wireless, wireline and satellite
carriers, the increase in US Spending in Telecom industry will lead to growth in
demand of products and services of the company.

Demand in US Wireless Market

   The company principally operates its business in the US. The US wireless
market grown up at higher rate in recent years and the trend is likely to
continue in the coming years also. According to Telecommunication Industry
Association (TIA), the overall wireless market will grow at CAGR of 11%, from
the year 2005 to 2009. The wireless equipment market is expected to grow at CAGR
of 8.3% from year 2007 to 2009. The total spending on wireless infrastructure
support services in the US will grow at a CAGR of 14.1% from year 2007 to 2009.
This strong growth in US wireless market could enhance the financial position of
company.
Threats:

Intense Competition

   Verso is the major market player both locally and internationally. It faces
competition from many large and small firms as it serves U.S. local, state and
federal governments. The competition in the industry continues to intensify. The
current competitors of the company are 8e6 Technologies, ADTRAN, Inc.,
Alcatel-Lucent, Alliance Fiber Optic Products Inc, APAC Customer Services Inc.,
Ardent Communications Inc, Avaya Inc., Carrier Access Corporation, Celtron
Technologies Ltd, Cisco Systems, Inc., ClientLogic Corporation, Computer and
Technologies Holdings Ltd and Convergys Corporation. The negative shades of the
competition affect the profit margins and customer retention.

US Economic Downfall

   The major market of the company is the US. According to the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) the GDP of the US will continue to slow down to 4.1% in
2008, due to downfall in the US economy. It is estimated that the GDP of the
world will fall to 1.5% in 2008 and it will continue to fall in the coming
years. This downturn in US market could negatively affect the demand for
products in the US market. This could prohibit the growth of the company in the
US market.

Regulatory Issues

   The regulations and policies of federal, state and local bodies may affect
the subsidiaries and affiliates of the company. The company overall business is
subject to the jurisdiction of national and supranational regulatory authorities
in the market. Government laws and regulations have direct affect on business
and investment facilities of the company. The customs duties and other Import
and export regulations also have direct impact on its business operations. These
laws and regulations may restrict the business activities of the company and
lead to an increase in costs which either would reduce operating margins or
potentially decline the customer base. Accordingly, these laws and regulations
may adversely affect the performance and financial position of the Company.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Company Statement
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               December 15, 2016

                             The Finish Line, Inc.

                              3308 N Mitthoefer Rd
                            Indianapolis 46235-2332
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
The Finish Line, Inc. (Finish Line) is a specialty retailer offering footwear,
apparel and accessories across the US. Multi channel selling strategy, product
and brand diversity, along with strong financial performance are the company's
main strengths, whereas lower inventory turnover ratio and dependence on a few
suppliers remain as major areas of concern. In the future, increase in
counterfeit products, expansion by competitors and rise in manpower costs may
impede the company's performance. However, growth of online retail, increase in
consumer spending in the US and expanding retail market in the US are likely to
provide growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
PRODUCT AND BRAND DIVERSITY
Finish Line's comprehensive product range, which includes established brands and
private labels, allows the company to address different customer requirements
and attract customers to its stores. Finish Line offers product through two
categories: Footwear and Softgoods. Footwear category offers footwear under five
core sections: basketball, athletic casual, running, fitness and seasonal.
Softgoods category offers apparel such as tops, pants, outer wear, shorts,
jackets, running wear, fleece, sports and casual wear, and fitness wear
alongside offering accessories including athletic bags, backpacks, sunglasses,
watches and shoe-care products. It offers each season's collection of athletic
and casual footwear and clothing of global brands such as Nike, Brand Jordan,
Skechers, Adidas, Puma, Under Armour, Reebok, New Balance, Timberland, Asics,
Converse, Polo and Lacoste. Diversified product base and established global
brands and private label brands appeals to a wide range of customers and
provides choice to suit varying requirements and budgets.
MULTIPLE CHANNEL SELLING STRATEGY
The company's products are sold through traditional stores and online, which
increases the company's direct-to-consumer business. As of April 2016, it
operated 589 Finish Line stores in the US with an average retail space of 5,552
sq. ft. in 44 states of the US and Puerto Rico, it operated 392 department
stores, with an average retail space of 1,216 sq. ft. in 37 states of the US,
District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico and 72 JackRabbit stores, with an average
retail space of 3,649 sq. ft. in 17 states of the US and District of Columbia.
The company operates an e-commerce website - www.finishline.com and a mobile
commerce based website - m.finishline.com. In FY2016, the company's website had
496,000 visitors per day and it upgrades the quality and functionality of this
website frequently. Finish Line advertises through social media websites.
Diverse retail and marketing channels helps the company to gain brand awareness,
store traffic and sales.
STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Finish Line exhibited a steady revenue growth during the review year. In FY2016,
the company reported revenue of US$1,888.9 million as compared to US$1,820.6
million in FY2015, representing annual increase of 3.8%. The increase in the
revenue was primarily due to 5% increase in the footwear segment, digital
comparable sales increased by 14.5%, and the comparable store sales increased by
1.8% in the FY2016. The company opened eight brick and mortar stores, one new
branded shop, opened one JackRabbit, acquired four JackRabbit stores. The
improved financial performance of the company may help fuel its future growth
and expansion plans.

WEAKNESSES:
LOWER INVENTORY MANAGEMENT
The company reported decline in the inventory turnover ratio during the review
year. In FY2016, Finish Line reported inventory turnover ratio of 3.5 compared
to 3.6 in FY2015. Its inventory turnover ratio was lower than one of its key
competitors, Nathan's Famous, Inc (Nathan's) which reported value of 89.6 in
FY2016. Lower inventory turnover than competitors indicates that the company
takes more days to clear its inventory in comparison with its competitors. With
the given turnover ratio, Finish Line takes 105 days to sale its inventory
compared to 4 days by Nathan's. The decline in the turnover ratio and higher
inventory turnover days signify that the company incurs high inventory carrying
costs, which affect its operating performance.
DEPENDENCE ON A FEW SUPPLIERS
The Finish Line relies heavily on a small number of suppliers for its
merchandise purchases. In FY2016, The Finish Line procured its merchandise from
75 suppliers, whereas 89% of its merchandise was from five suppliers. Its
largest supplier was Nike, which accounted for 73% of its merchandise in FY2016,
where the company was strongly dependent on Nike. Any adverse development in
Nike's distribution channel, financials, and manufacturing units would strongly
affect the company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
If any of these five vendors suffer losses in their businesses this may cause
disruption in the procurement and supply of merchandise and affect the flow of
goods to The Finish Line.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company might benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
May 2016, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 0.4% or US$69.8
billion and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.5% or US$63.5
billion. The real DPI increased by 0.4% in April 2016, the same increase as
compared to March 2015. The company offers diverse portfolio of products under
various brands, which enjoy wide reach through its massive presence in the US.
Growing personal income, disposable personal income and personal consumption
expenditures indicates improved consumer spending in the US, which may
positively affect the purchases of products and performance of companies such as
Finish Line.
GROWING GLOBAL ONLINE SALES IN THE US
The company stands to benefit from growing online retailing, which provides
consumers the convenience of shopping from home. With the increase in
interactive methods and limitless content, the retail e-commerce is growing at a
faster rate. According to the report published by the Census Bureau of the
Department of Commerce in May 2016, the estimated retail e-commerce sales in the
US for the first quarter of 2016 was US$92.8 billion, an increase of 3.7% from
the fourth quarter of 2015. The estimated retail e-commerce sales in the US for
the first quarter of 2016 were increased by 15.2% from the first quarter of
2015. E-commerce sales in the first quarter of 2016 accounted for 7.8% of total
sales. Finish Line's retails its products through online websites:
www.finishline.com and , www.run.com across. In FY2016, the company updates its
digital sites and upgrades its mobile application to attract customers and
enhance their experience. This transaction enables the company to expand its
business into the dealer-to-dealer online space in the US market.
EXPANDING RETAIL MARKET IN THE US
The company stands to benefit from growing retail market in the US. According to
in-house research, the retail sales in the US grew by 2.9% in 2014 and expected
to reach US$3,630.1 billion in 2019 growing at a CAGR of 3.1% during 2014-2019.
Food and grocery is expected to lead with a share of 47.9% of overall retail
sales, followed by apparel, accessories, luggage and leather goods (16%), home
and garden products (14.7%), electrical and electronics (9.3%), furniture and
floor coverings (3.5%), Books, news and stationery (2.7%), Sports and leisure
equipment (2.7%), health and beauty (2.5%), and Music, video and entertainment
software (0.9%) in 2019. For instance, in FY2016, the company invested US$66.1
million to open eight new brick and mortar stores, one new department store, one
new JackRabbit store. The company plans to invest US$55-60, of which US$40
million for opening seven new brick and mortar stores and remodeling 80-90 brick
and mortar stores, US$10 million for the up gradation of digital platform, and
US$5 million for remodeling of 50 department stores. These investments would
enhance the company's capabilities to explore expanding US retail market.

THREATS:
RISING LABOR COST
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees result in an increase in labor costs. The federal minimum
wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The
minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$7.3 per hour in January 2016. The 29
states and the District of Columbia have minimum wages more than federal rate.
These wages range from US$7.5 per hour in Maine and New Mexico to US$10.5 per
hour in Washington D.C. The minimum wage in California increased to US$10 per
hour starting 1 January 2016. In FY2016, the company employed 14,300 employees.
It has taken several initiatives to expand its stores, which requires increasing
its employee base. Therefore, rising manpower cost may impact stability and
operational efficiency of the company.
INCREASE IN COUNTERFEIT PRODUCTS
The huge influx of counterfeit products could affect the company's business
operations. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise could lower the company's
sales and affect its profit margins. Customers could mistakenly purchase
counterfeit products bearing fake labels, low quality of the products affect
consumer confidence and spoils the brand image of the genuine company. According
to the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), counterfeiting and piracy are
estimated to cost G20 countries over US$125 billion every year. It is also
estimated that approximately 2.5 million jobs could be destroyed by
counterfeiting and piracy. Through low price offerings, the imitated goods
affect the company's financial performance and brand image. As the company deals
with several national branded products, it is exposed to such challenges.
EXPANSION BY COMPETITOR
Competition is high among the athletic shoes, apparel and accessories business..
Competition within the industry is generally on the basis of the sales,
maintaining low cost, customer service, price of the product and brand equity.
The company mainly faces its competition with local sporting goods and athletic
specialty stores. The company's key competitors include Bakers Footwear Group,
DSW Inc., Foot Locker, Inc., Genesco Inc., Lewis Drug, Inc., Lumber Liquidators
Holdings, Inc., MarineMax Inc., Nathan's Famous, Inc., Nebraska Book Company,
Inc., Shoe Carnival, Inc., The Sports Authority, Inc., and Wolverine World Wide,
Inc. While major retailers undertook expansion programs to match the growth
rate, the market also witnessed consolidation involving mergers and acquisitions
and expansion strategies. In June 2016, Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. (Boot Barn)
opened two stores in council bluffs, Iowa and Brentwood, California. In February
2016, DSW Inc. announced to open 14 new stores in spring 2016 to expand its
presence in different geographies. Such consolidations within the sector may
result in large companies intensifying competition that may cause the company to
lose out on certain customers.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
ANALYSIS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
COMPETITORS
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES
KEY EMPLOYEE BIOGRAPHIES
LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                       July 23, 2004 Friday CITY EDITION

GUIDANT FORECASTS $70M IN CUTBACKS
REDUCTIONS WILL AFFECT ARDEN HILLS DIVISION

BYLINE: JIM McCARTNEY, Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 516 words


Guidant Corp. said Thursday it would cut as much as $70 million in expenses this
quarter to reflect its declining cardiac stent business and the anticipated loss
of market share in heart failure devices to St. Jude Medical.

The cutbacks will affect research and development at Guidant's cardiac rhythm
management division in Arden Hills, although company officials declined to say
by how much. The expense reduction also means layoffs in its stent division,
which is split between California and Ireland, but the company did not say how
many.

"It will affect cardiac rhythm management through cutbacks in the support
organization and in research and development," said Guido Neels, chief operating
officer at Guidant. "But cardiac rhythm management is the growth engine for the
company, so the effect will be minimal."

Depending on how much research and development is cut back in Arden Hills, some
employees could see their duties shift and some contract workers could see their
hours scaled back, said Jan Wald, a securities analyst with A.G. Edwards & Sons
in Minneapolis.

"I've been there for a couple of these -- I think it means some projects will be
delayed and some employees will be redeployed," said Wald, a former engineer for
Guidant.

On Thursday, Guidant reported second-quarter net income of $126.5 million, or 39
cents a share, compared with a year-earlier loss of $97.1 million. The earnings
were reduced by a $49 million charge for costs related to drug-coated stent
research and development. Sales rose 1 percent to $938.8 million, as a 46
percent drop in stent sales to $120 million was offset by a 21 percent growth in
defibrillators to $456 million.

Third-quarter sales probably will fall to between $890 million and $930 million,
from $937.8 million a year-earlier, the Indianapolis-based firm said. Guidant
anticipates losing some of its 40 percent share of the $1.9 billion market for
implantable defibrillators now that Little Canada-based St. Jude Medical is
selling a heart failure version of the device in the U.S.

Meanwhile, sales of Guidant's bare stent have been falling as doctors switch to
more advanced drug-coated versions made by Boston Scientific and Johnson &
Johnson. Guidant is developing its own drug-coated stent, but that likely won't
hit the U.S. market until late next year or in 2006. In the meantime, the
company has a marketing deal to help Johnson & Johnson sell its drug-coated
stent, and got about $17 million from that marketing deal in the quarter,
according to Glenn Reicin, a Morgan Stanley analyst.

Guidant's shares fell 2 percent Thursday, down 95 cents to $50.55.

GUIDANT

Second Qtr. ended June 30

(in thousands, except per share)

2004 2003

Revenue $938,800 $926,600

Net Inc. $126,500 $(97,100)

(loss)

Per Share $0.39 $(0.32)

Six Months

Revenue $1,872,900 $1,784,500

Net Inc. $265,900 $(3,700)

(loss)

Per Share $0.83 $(0.01)

Jim McCartney can be reached at jmccartney@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5436.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Schwarzenegger adds California touch to Fla. climate conference

BYLINE: DINAH VOYLES PULVER - ENVIRONMENT WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: MIAMI


MIAMI -- California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger joined Gov. Charlie Crist on
Thursday in calling for Americans everywhere, but especially in Washington, to
do more to solve the world's energy crisis and help curb global warming.

In a luncheon address, Schwarzenegger continued the pep rally theme of Crist's
two-day climate summit in calling for more action to wean the country off fossil
fuels and develop renewable energies such as solar power.

The country needs an innovative, long-term energy policy to reduce its addiction
to oil, Schwarzenegger said.

None of the various solutions politicians are grasping for to solve the energy
crisis, such as nuclear power and offshore drilling, is going to be a quick fix,
he said. "Anyone who tells you this will bring down our gas prices anytime soon
is blowing smoke."

The Austrian native regaled his audience with funny remarks, even taking
good-natured digs at speculation that Crist could become John McCain's running
mate and at federal law that allows only those who are born in the U.S. to
become president.

Comparing California and Florida, Schwarzenegger said both states have governors
who are "nice and tan."

Each state has a governor than can run for vice president," he said. Pausing, he
added, "You're right. Only one of us can run. But he can run, and I can vote for
him."

Throughout the summit that concluded Thursday, Crist called on governments and
businesses everywhere to work together to solve the globe's energy crisis.

What really excites me about this issue is, it doesn't just affect Florida; it
doesn't just affect America; it affects people around the world," Crist said.
"Working together we can truly affect the future of the planet."

A half-dozen officials from governments around the world, including Germany and
Israel, talked about what their countries are doing to cut greenhouse gas
emissions and use more renewable energy.

Germany, for example, leads the world in solar power, and the United Kingdom is
launching a huge effort on the northof Scotland to harness wave energy.

Most underscored a recurrent theme presented in the conference: that combating
global warming represents economic opportunity.

In an earlier session Thursday, officials from Sarasota, Gainesville, Chicago
and Miami discussed what counties and cities are doing to lower emissions and
how that can create jobs.

The greatest economic opportunity ever presented in the history of our species
is this next challenge, coming up with all the solutions to get away from fossil
fuels," said Harvey Ruvin, the Miami-Dade clerk of court.

Ruvin, who has a rap song on climate change on You Tube, also said the nation
needs to begin talking about adapting to the changes that have already been set
into motion by global warming, such as sea level rises.

We've got to keep an eye on what we've done already," Ruvin said. "Every
emission from every tailpipe from every car that has ever been on the road is
still up there."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2008 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2008 News-Journal Corporation


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     October 19, 2000 Thursday 1ST EDITION

Springs economy on a roll Optimism abounds in business survey

BYLINE: By Erin Emery, Denver Post Southern Colorado Bureau,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 532 words


COLORADO SPRINGS - The forecast for the Colorado Springs  economy in 2001 is
pretty much the same as it has been for the  past decade: sunny and bright.

That's the bottom line of a study conducted by two professors  at the University
of Colorado at Colorado Springs. Professors Jeff  Ferguson and Tom Zwirlein
recently sent more than 2,500 surveys to  area businesses to find out what's
going on.

They found optimism. Of the 250 businesses that responded to  the survey, 83
percent indicated that their performance exceeded  expectations in 2000, and 82
percent expect that 2001 will be even  better than 2000. The professors
presented their report Wednesday  at the fourth annual Southern Colorado
Economic Forum at the  Antler's Adam's Mark Hotel.

The reasons for economic optimism are clear: There were 4.3  percent more jobs
in 1999 than there were the previous year, and  those jobs paid more - an annual
average of $ 30,676, also a 4.3  percent increase over the previous year. In
addition, housing  starts were on the rise: 4,587 single family and townhome
building  permits were issued in 1999, an 8.9 percent increase over 1998.

'In some ways, it's a little bit of a boring story,'  Zwirlein said. 'Of the
last three years, we've been telling pretty  much the same story.'

The forecast for 2001, the professors say, is for more  growth, although it will
probably not be at the explosive rate  that it has been in the past few years.
And they recognize there  is some anxiousness concerning the volatile stock
market, rising  oil prices and unrest in the Middle East. That nervousness could

  affect consumer spending, which could affect retail and durable  goods
sectors.

'They're worried about uncertainty,' Zwirlein said. 'And not  only are there
some economic factors right now that are causing  uncertainty, like the stock
market and oil prices going up, but I  think there's a lot of uncertainty about
some of the ballot issues.

'How will these ballot issues affect our economy? How will  they affect the
growth that we've experienced in Colorado? How  will they affect the educational
system? How will they affect  congestion? I just don't believe, quite frankly,
that if we have  an anti-growth measure (Amendment 24) that it's going to stop
growth. ... At least half of the population increase these days -  at least half
- is caused by births over deaths,' Zwirlein said.

One of the biggest jolts to the Colorado-Springs-area economy  is the opening
later this year of an Intel plant on Garden of the  Gods Road. The plant will
employ 1,000 people to make flash memory  chips. The computer chipmaker also may
open a second site,  employing as many as 2,500 people.

'I think it's going to have a really big impact,' said  Ferguson. 'I think it is
really going to round out the high-tech  cluster. We have Hewlett-Packard and
Agilent Technologies here,  and Atmel and MCI, Compaq. It really makes us a
player. It's also  a huge project, not only in terms of the number of workers
they're  going to need, but in the secondary market, in retail and support
services.'

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                         Springleaf Finance Corporation

                          601 North West Second Street
                             Evansville,  IN 47708
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


SFC is a financial services holding company. Distribution network and product
portfolio are the key strengths of the company, even as its financial
performance and cash position remain areas of concern. In future, interest
rates, rules and regulations, and competition may offer challenges to the
company. However, the mortgage market in the US and economy in the US may
benefit the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


DISTRIBUTION NETWORK


Strong distribution network helps the company to serve a huge customer base,
ensuring strong top-line performance. The company offers credit insurance, and
consumer finance products and services to individuals and businesses. It
distributes its products and services through its subsidiaries and branches
across the US, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. As on December 31 2015, the
company operated through 800 branch offices across 27 states. The company also
distributes its insurance products through the company's subsidiaries, Merit
Life Insurance Co. and Yosemite Insurance Company, which are licensed in the 46
states, the District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands of the US. Such strong
distribution network helps it to reach a wide customer base, apart from
providing a competitive edge over its peers.

PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio enables it to enhance its scalability to
cater to distinctive requirements of its clientele. The company offers a range
of financial products and services. Its portfolio includes Retail Financing,
Retail Auto Financing, Correspondent Lending and Personal Loans. It also offers
insurance such as Credit Life Insurance, Credit Accident and Health Insurance,
Credit Property and Casualty Insurance, Credit Involuntary Unemployment
Insurance Policies, Group Annuities, Term Life Insurance, Disability Income
Protection Policy, Creditor-Placed Insurance and Child Insurance Plans. It also
offers services such as Real Estate Services, Management Services and Claims.
Such broad product and service portfolio drives the bank's top-line performance.



WEAKNESSES:


FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The company witnessed weak financial performance in FY2015, which is an area of
concern. It reported revenues of US$1,907 million during FY2015, compared to US$
2,463 million in FY2014, representing a decline of 22.6%. Decrease in revenue
was primarily due to decline in the total of other revenues by 70.8% in 2015. In
addition, it recorded decline in operating and net income levels. It recorded an
operating income of US$144 million in FY2015, representing an annual decline of
80.9% over the previous year. Its net income was US$129 million in FY2015,
compared to net income of US$755 million in FY2014, representing an annual
decline of 73.8% over the previous year. Such weak financial performance will
affect investors' confidence on the company.

CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and cash
equivalents declined from US$749 million at the end of FY2014 to US$321 million
at the end of FY2015, representing a decline of 57.1%. This may also be
attributed to decreased value of its short-term asset holdings such as
short-term government bonds, marketable securities, and weak cash inflow.


OPPORTUNITIES:


ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.4% in 2015 and is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. Positive growth in
the economy keeps a balance between exports and imports in the country, further
bolsters individual consumption and investment, and strengthens government
spending. Such economic growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions
in the country. As a provider of consumer financial services in the US, the
company is well positioned to benefit from the growing economy.

MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,663 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand
for mortgage products and services offered by the company, which in turn will
drive its top-line performance.


THREATS:


COMPETITION


The financial services markets are highly competitive which could adversely
affect the company's profitability if the company fails to retain and attract
clients and customers. SFC's competitors include captive finance companies,
global and domestic commercial and investment banks, community banks and leasing
companies. Some of the key competitors of the company include Altiva Financial
Corporation, AppOnline.com, Inc, First Mortgage Corporation, HomeGold Financial,
Inc and CIT Group Inc. The company competes principally on the basis of
structure, financing terms, client service and price. Furthermore, the
competitive factors include industry experience, asset and equipment knowledge,
and strong relationships. The competition for the company also comes from the
existing small players and new market entrants. It should come up with an
innovative way of serving its customers, so as to sustain in the highly
competitive financial services market.

INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including the company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and
consequently the fee income that was earned on such sales. Furthermore,
increasing interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay
the principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are
highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control, including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and policies of
various governmental and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might
impact the operating performance of the company as its income and investment
returns depend on the level of interest rates.

RULES AND REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in the US. The introduction of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act may pose a significant threat to the company's
operations. Under this act, the federal government established Financial
Stability Oversight Council. The council has the authoritative power to break up
large companies that may pose risk to the financial system due to their large
size and the council also has the authoritative power to liquidate and
restructure companies which are financially weak. Such act would significantly
pose threat to companies to operate and acquire new businesses. Thus,
introduction of new government acts may have a negative impact on the company's
growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 29, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Power outage affects CVTC, downtown

BYLINE: The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 114 words


July 29--A power outage forced the closure of Chippewa Valley Technical
College's Business Education Center Tuesday morning as well as several downtown
Eau Claire locations.

Mark Gunderman, CVTC communications specialist, said the campus building at 620
W. Clairemont Ave. lost power at about 9 a.m. and was preceded by a few
computers losing power. All employees were sent home.

Gunderman said the outage did not affect other campus buildings.

An Xcel Energy spokesperson said power was restored to those sites by afternoon.

___ (c)2015 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150729-EW-BRF-Power-outage-affects-CVTC-downtown-0729-20150729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2015 The Leader-Telegram


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

Are NFL players coming out?;
Ayanbadejo says 'sooner,' not later

SECTION: C; Pg.3

LENGTH: 301  words


BALTIMORE (AP) - Former Baltimore Ravens linebacker Brendon Ayanbadejo says up
to four NFL players may soon come out as gay, according to a published report.

"I think it will happen sooner than you think," Ayanbadejo told The Baltimore
Sun. "We're in talks with a handful of players who are considering it. There are
up to four players being talked to right now and they're trying to be organized
so they can come out on the same day together. It would make a major splash and
take the pressure off one guy. It would be a monumental day if a handful or a
few guys come out.

"Of course, there would be backlash. If they could share the backlash, it would
be more positive. It's cool. It's exciting. We're in talks with a few guys who
are considering it. The NFL and organizations are already being proactive and
open if a player does it and if something negative happens. We'll see what
happens."

Ayanbadejo, 36, was cut by the Ravens earlier this week. A strong advocate of
gay marriage, he initially suggested the roster move stemmed from his
controversial stance.

"If they didn't like what I was doing, they would have cut me a long time ago,"
Ayanbadejo said. "I'm a special-teams player and you can find somebody to do
what I did for less than half that value."

Ayanbadejo spoke openly about his belief in gay marriage in the days leading up
to the Super Bowl. That echoed a stance he took in November, before Maryland
voted to pass a law approving gay marriage.

"It's something I've been passionate about a long time," he said after the
election.

"Even though it doesn't affect me directly, it affects a lot of my friends. It
affects my family. It affects Ravens fans. It affects Marylanders. I've worked
very hard on it; I'm especially proud of the Marylanders who went out and voted
and made a difference."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 18, 2012 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

When the Ice Melts

BYLINE: By C. CLAIBORNE RAY

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Science Desk; Q & A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 262 words


Q. Could the melting of ice at the poles affect the tilt and rotation of the
Earth?

A. Melting ice from polar regions is one of numerous processes that affect the
speed of Earth's rotation, said James Davis, Lamont Research Professor at the
Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University. It also affects the
tilt of the axis of rotation, by about one degree per million years, he said,
and NASA has measured alterations in the gravity field as well.

''Melting polar ice enters the oceans as water,'' Dr. Davis said, ''and one
effect of this process is to move mass around on Earth's surface.'' The shifting
weight also causes material to move around inside the planet, thereby changing
its shape. The combined effect of these motions, he said, ''is to make Earth
less round and more squished from pole to pole, compared to the Equator.''

This net mass shift slows the Earth's spin rate, just as a spinning ice skater
pushes out her arms to slow down, Dr. Davis said. That has the effect of
lengthening the day: Recent calculations indicate that loss of mass in Greenland
and the Antarctic makes the day about 0.6 milliseconds longer per century.

At the same time, however, Earth is still changing shape in response to the
massive melting from 23,000 to 10,000 years ago -- coincidentally decreasing the
day by about the same 0.6 milliseconds per century.

C. CLAIBORNE RAY

Readers may submit questions by mail to Question, Science Times, The New York
Times, 620 Eighth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10018, or by e-mail to
question@nytimes.com

DRAWING (DRAWING BY VICTORIA ROBERTS)

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/09/18/science/does-melting-polar-ice-affect
-earths-tilt-and-spin.html

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 8, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Personal Health

BYLINE: By Jane E. Brody

SECTION: Section C; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk; Health Page

LENGTH: 1076 words


BEFORE puberty, migraine headaches afflict boys and girls in equal numbers. But
once the adolescent flow of sex hormones begins, migraines start to affect more
girls than boys. By adulthood, at least twice as many women as men are plagued
with these life-disrupting headaches, which make them feel sick all over.

For decades, people have tried to account for this difference. Many lay people
and professionals alike mistakenly attributed it to traits like perfectionism or
nervous anxiety, to sexual conflicts or to deep-seated emotional problems that
they believed were more characteristic of women than of men. But in recent years
as the neurochemistry of sex hormones and migraines has come to be better
understood, a rather clear-cut biological explanation for this all-too-common
affliction of women has emerged.

In at least 60 percent of women with migraines, their headaches are often or
solely set off by changing levels of sex hormones that are either produced
naturally or administered as medication or for contraception. The headache
typically occurs at or just before the start of menstrual bleeding and sometimes
midway through the period or, more often, at the time of ovulation.

Recent studies strongly suggest that the headaches and the symptoms of nausea,
mood disturbance and ultrasensitivity to light and noise that often accompany
them stem from an abrupt drop in previously high levels of estrogen. Women who
suffer from the syndrome, called menstrual migraine, also often complain of
suchmenstrual discomforts as fluid retention and breast tenderness.

"Women are not imagining these headaches, and they are not a psychiatric or
psychosomatic phenomenon," said Dr. Stephen D. Silberstein, a neurologist at the
Comprehensive Headache Center at Germantown Hospital in Philadelphia. "The
headaches result from real biochemical changes in the brain."

Unfortunately, he added, "most physicians and even most neurologists are not
aware of menstrual migraine and what can be done to prevent or treat it."

Hormonal Headaches

Women are most likely to begin having migraine headaches in their teen-age
years, and fully one-third of women with menstrual migraine got their first
headaches with their first menstrual periods. For approximately one woman in
seven with migraine, the headaches occur only in relation to their menstrual
cycles or treatment with sex hormones. They may not always get a migraine at the
time of menstruation, but when they do, it is always set off by a shift in
hormone levels.

But in the majority of women with menstrual migraine, the headaches can also be
caused by other factors, like a food, alcohol, irregular eating or sleeping
habits or excessive stress. A particular trigger, like alcohol, may not always
result in a migraine, Dr. Silberstein said, but when it is combined with the
normal premenstrual or mid-cycle hormonal shift, migraine is a common result in
susceptible women.

In most women with menstrual migraine, the headaches disappear in pregnancy,
when blood levels of estrogen are continuously high until the baby is born.
Menopause can bring an end to the headaches, though they sometimes get worse
after a woman stops menstruating.

The use of oral contraceptives containing estrogens taken for only part of the
month can set off or aggravate menstrual migraine. Postmenopausal treatment with
replacement hormones may also make the headaches worse.

Why They Happen

Estrogens affect the action of serotonin, an important neurochemical that
affects moods, acts on cells in the brain's vomiting center and can cause
inflammation of blood vessels and membranes in the skull. During a migraine
headache, Dr. Silberstein said, cell receptors for serotonin are turned on,
allowing this neurochemical to work overtime.

Serotonin also affects the production of endorphins, which are natural
narcotics. In menstrual migraine women may have a deficiency of endorphins,
suggesting that the headache or some of its symptoms may result from withdrawal
of internally produced narcotics.

Hormone-like chemicals called prostaglandins are also active during menstrual
migraine. Women prone to these headaches seem to have more than the usual amount
of prostaglandins in their uterus and blood. The actions of prostaglandins
include an increase in the sensitivity of the nervous system to sensations like
pain, light and noise, so that stimuli not usually bothersome can become
extremely painful.

Attacking the Problem

Start by keeping a headache diary. Each time a headache starts, record all
possible aggravating circumstances, including foods and drinks consumed, changes
in your usual sleeping and eating habits, rises in stress and stage in your
menstrual cycle. After a few months examine the diary for reasonable
associations.

You may find no relation to anything other than the stage of your menstrual
cycle. Or you may find that your headaches often follow the consumption of
alcohol, but only when you drink alcohol just before your period or midcycle,
when you ovulate. If it is the latter, it would be logical to avoid alcohol on
days of heightened sensitivity. Other common trigger foods include cheese,
chocolate and red (but not white) wine. Staying up unusually late or skipping
meals may also be triggers at certain times of the month.

Migraine sufferers would be wise to maintain regular sleeping and eating
patterns, Dr. Silberstein said.

Self-treatment with a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug like ibuprofen (Advil
or Nuprin) helps many women with menstrual migraine. For others, prescription
medication may be needed to control the headaches. Among the possibilities are
preventives like propranolol (Inderal), to be taken for about 10 days a month
starting several days before the expected onset of menstruation.

To treat the actual headache, there are more potent anti-inflammatory drugs
available by prescription, as well as ergotamine and its derivatives, including
an injectable drug called dihydroergotamine (DHE). But there is little evidence
that popular remedies like diuretics or vitamins prevent or abort menstrual
migraine.

For women on hormone therapy, a change in the type used may bring headache
relief. Dr. Silberstein said physical exercise is beneficial because it
stimulates the release of endorphins. Similarly, he said, many women with
menstrual migraine say sexual activity and orgasm often avert an incipient
headache.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC:  High levels of estrogen affect serotonin, a brain chemical that acts
on cells in the brain's vomiting center and can cause inflammation of blood
vessels and membranes in the skull.
Diagram: "Hormones and Headaches"

Serotonin also affects the production of endorphins, which are natural
narcotics. In menstrual migrains, women may have a deficiency of endorphins.

Higher than normal levels of hormone-like prostaglandins in the uterus and blood
are associated with menstrual migraine. Prostaglandins make the nervous system
more sensitive to pain, light and noise. (Source: Dr. Stephen D. Silberstein)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Dear boss, I'm pregnant, divorcing and having open-heart surgery

BYLINE: Geoff Williams, Reuters

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 705 words


You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal to all your
coworkers. But at home, your life is like a country song - breakups, babies,
debts, diseases, the truck broke down and the dog is sick. Assuming your job
isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill?

Sharing personal details at work can be a difficult terrain to navigate. Tell
all early and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your
personal life affects your work. But overshare and you can marginalize yourself
at the one place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the most
anxiety provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule, you
should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance.

If you have a soft fuzzy workplace and consider your boss your friend, you may
feel like telling more. Interestingly, workers' views on sharing may be affected
by their age, says Amy Lynch, a Minneapolis consultant, who offers corporate
seminars on managing multiple generations in the workforce.

"Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to share private info, even
if it impacts performance," she says.

Generation X tends to share personal dramas since, "withholding it might be
unethical because it affects team performance."

Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that kind of info with everybody.
They Facebook it."

If you want to share with your colleagues, tell your boss first, says Niraj
Tenany, chief executive of Netwoven, a tech firm in Milpitas, Calif., with 45
employees.

You could be putting your friend in an uncomfortable, or even jobjeopardizing,
position if you hand them work-related information before telling your
supervisor.

Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tenn., firm with 125 employees.

"Yes, I care and I am happy for you but only share what is relevant to your work
position."

If it's inevitable your employer will learn your news, get it out there early.

For pregnancies, three months is probably good timing, says Allison O'Kelly of
Moms Corps, a professional flexible staffing firm.

"After that, I would tell because you don't want to look like you're holding
back. You want to look helpful."

Offer a solution at the same time that you bring up the topic. If you need to
take time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which
colleagues could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the
evenings.

"You want to get the news out there early so your employer has more time to
prepare and support you, and so they don't feel blindsided," says Nicole
Williams, connection director at LinkedIn and author of several career books,
including Earn What You're Worth.

Marty Kotis, president and CEO of Kotis Holdings, a Greensboro, N.C., shopping
centre developer, appreciated it when one of his employees gave him two months
notice before the employee was going to be sidelined with back surgery.

"It gave us a chance to discuss how we were going to cover the work flow," says
Kotis.

Some corporations have employee assistance programs (EAPs) run by third party
companies to help staff with personal problems.

They can save a company money, says Sarah Hulsey, the talent manager at Rising
Medical Solutions, a Chicago-based consulting firm that advises companies on
health benefits. If an employee can get help working out a knotty problem like
finding daycare for a dependent parent, that can save hours and days of work
time.

But there's another reason, says Hulsey: "The EAP is there so we don't have that
personal information shared in the workplace."

There are good reasons for companies to support valued employees. "The more
flexible I can be," Kotis says, "it helps me retain some really good staff
members."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 31, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

Dutchman Flying In Open;
McEnroe Grounded

BYLINE: David Aldridge, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C2

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, Aug. 30, 1989


Once upon a time in a movie Butch Cassidy looked at the posse following him and
the Sundance Kid and wondered aloud, "Who are those guys?"

Paul Haarhuis, a qualifier from Florida State by way of Savannah, Ga., by way of
Holland, created the same singular reaction from just about everyone at the U.S.
Open tonight by walking into John McEnroe's home town and knocking off the
fourth seed by a 6-4, 4-6, 6-3, 7-5 margin.

So ended another perplexing Open for McEnroe, who hasn't gotten through the
quarterfinals here since 1985. Last year he was eliminated by Mark Woodforde,
but at least he wasn't alone; Woodforde was on a good run and the Australians
had a banner year here, knocking off a whole bunch of seeds and getting Darren
Cahill into the semifinals.

But McEnroe was the only seed to fall today, and the fact that it was to a guy
ranked 460th in January (and 240th in February and 140th in March) was baffling.

"I had just played so well, and I had had a good year," McEnroe said. "I just
let the conditions and the situation affect me too much. There was too much
going on, and I didn't use it to my advantage. I let it work against me, and I
let all of the distractions really affect me. I should know being brought up in
New York what to expect from being in New York, and I let it affect me
adversely."

Meanwhile, the stranger in town was talking about how to live here on $ 2 a day.

"It's not expensive at all," said Haarhuis, who had to get through a 128-man
draw last week just to qualify. "One of my [Florida State] teammates lives in
New York and he arranged housing in Manhattan. It was very cheap."

Haarhuis, 23 and ranked 115th, beat McEnroe with a booming serve and crackling
passing shots. Was McEnroe off? Certainly. He converted 59 percent of his points
at net, far below his usual percentage.

But Haarhuis, who upset Slobodan Zivojinovic at the French Open, converted 72
percent of his first serves into points and, more impressively, 65 percent of
his second serves, rendering McEnroe's artistry at the net useless. He gave up
nothing on his racket in the last two sets, waiting for the moment when he could
cash in on McEnroe's sloppy service game.

"In my games I served well," Haarhuis said. "I had an easier time serving in my
games and that kept me in the race, and I was hoping for just one big break."

Said McEnroe: "It was just one of those days. I just didn't feel that great.
Sometimes you don't feel great and you play well. Sometimes you play lousy. . .
. It was a long day [the match, which was supposed to complete the afternoon
session, didn't get started until 5:49 p.m. and lasted until 9:08], and there
was a lot of watching. I had expected to get on a couple of hours earlier."

Haarhuis has taken the usual export route to the United States, winding up a top
30 player at Florida State, but he had quite an interesting way station.
Somehow, he wound up playing two years for Armstrong State College in Savannah
after leaving his native Holland.

"A friend of mine went there as a freshman," he said. "That year I was
graduating from high school in Holland and I wrote him a letter. I said I was
interested in coming to America but I didn't know anybody."

Armstrong was the only college that offered him a scholarship.

"I wrote to some big schools like Pepperdine," he said. "I got all nice notes
back."

After Haarhuis put away a final forehand volley, he went to the stands to
embrace some of his Florida State teammates, some countrymen and his longtime
coach.

"Henk van Hulst," he said. "He's a Dutch guy. Got that?"

Thanks.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, QUALIFIER PAUL HAARHUIS CELEBRATES UPSET VICTORY OVER JOHN
MCENROE. AFP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 22, 1994, Tuesday

Letters IN MY OPINION Let's stick with natural milk

BYLINE: JERI ANNE HAMPTON, Atlanta

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 11

LENGTH: 393 words


The Editors: Bovine somatotropin (BST) milk is of great concern to me and to
many people I know. The Food and Drug Administration says BST milk is safe and
that years of research have gone into it. The FDA previously said the BST
hormone affects cows only, not any other species. When research showed that BST
does affect other species, the FDA retracted that statement, saying it affects
"a few species" but has no effect on humans.

So little research has been done on BST's affect on humans that Europe has
banned BST milk for eight years until further research can be done. The FDA's
label advising farmers on the use of the hormone admits that it could cause an
increase in "visibly abnormal milk." Hormone- derived milk is not the same;
scientists note that BST milk is likely to contain more antibiotic residues,
bacteria and somatic cell count (pus).

BST causes cows to have swollen leg joints, enlarged udders with sores on them
and sicknesses requiring more treatment with antibiotics. There is no benefit -
just considerable danger - to consumers in quality, taste and shelf life. The
only benefit I see is more dollars for the big drug companies that sell BST, and
then sell more antibiotics because of BST's side effects.

We already have a milk surplus that is subsidized by our taxes. If large dairies
flood the market with 15 percent more milk, it may drive small farmers out of
business. On the other hand, farmers who don't use BST may become very popular.

I love cheese, butter and milk products, and I am willing to pay a higher price
for quality. If farmers will sign affidavits that they produce milk naturally,
and suppliers will label their products as produced without added BST, most
people will prefer it and will buy it.

Use your buying power as a parent or consumer to protect the health of our
children. Ask your school cafeteria to search out natural milk from cows not
"revved-up" on BST. Which do you want for your child, natural milk or milk with
antibiotics, bacteria, pus and unknown health dangers?

Let all dairy products be labeled and let consumers choose. Demand labeling and
refuse to buy BST tainted milk.

Jeri Anne Hampton is a child-care professional. She has lived in Atlanta since
1982. An alto, she sings with choirs, makes character appearances at children's
birthday parties and enjoys swimming.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940830141

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Jeri Anne Hampton

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                        Bimini Capital Management, Inc.

                                3305 Flamingo Dr
                             Vero Beach 32963-1731
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Bimini Capital Management, Inc. is a mortgage real estate investment trust
(REIT) in the US, investing in mortgage-backed securities. Broad portfolio of
products and services and strong investment strategy are the key strengths of
the company, even as geographic concentration remain major areas of concern. In
future, fluctuations in the interest rates, stringent regulations and increase
in compliance cost may affect its business performance. However, growing economy
in the US and recovery in US housing market may provide ample growth
opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad product and service portfolio is a major strength. The
company is a mortgage real estate investment trust (REIT). Its wide portfolio of
mortgage backed securities enables it to meet the diverse requirements of
customers, which in turn helps it to retain and expand its existing customer
base. Bimini Capital invests in the residential mortgage backed securities (MBS)
issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) and the Government National
Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae). The company's portfolio of MBS include
fixed-rate MBS, adjustable-rate MBS, hybrid adjustable-rate MBS, balloon
maturity MBS, and structured MBS that include interest only securities, inverse
interest only securities and principal only securities. Such broad product and
service portfolio drives its top-line performance.

STRONG INVESTMENT STRATEGY


Bimini Capital's strong investment strategy enables the company to increase
returns on its investments. The company is aimed at providing risk-adjusted
total returns to its investors over the long term through a combination of
capital appreciation and the payment of regular monthly distributions. It also
intends to achieve its investor-oriented objective by investing in and
strategically allocating capital between pass-through Agency MBS and structured
Agency MBS. Bimini Capital identifies alternatives to generate income from the
net interest margin on its leveraged pass-through Agency MBS portfolio and the
leveraged portion of its structured Agency MBS portfolio. The company also
generates interest income from the unleveraged portion of its structured Agency
MBS portfolio. Such investment objectives help the company in creating a strong
value proposition for its customers.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Overdependence on the US market for its income may be a cause of concern for the
bank during any political or economic adversity in the region Bimini Capital
Management, Inc. has operations only in the US. It generates all of its revenues
from the US. The company's overdependence on a particular market puts the
company at a major disadvantage as compared to its competitors, who have a
global presence and benefit from varied revenue sources. Overdependence on a
single geographic region puts the company at risk, as any adverse development in
the political, economic or climatic environment of the region might have an
adverse impact on the company's business. It also restricts its market share and
growth options.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The growing economy in the US is likely to provide new growth opportunities for
the group. According to International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate
of the US stood at 2.4% in 2014. It is expected to reach 2.8% in 2016. The
growth will be primarily driven by continued recovery in the US economy,
improving of business and construction activities, declining unemployment rate
and increasing demand for currency. The growth in the US economy may result in
higher demand for the company's financial products..As a provider mortgage
related securities products, the company is well placed to benefit from this.

RECOVERY IN THE US HOUSING MARKET


The US housing market is poised for recovery, as the effects of the subprime
crisis reduce and the positive reinforcement offered by the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) takes effect. During the global economic crisis, the
industry's growth was tapered due to a low number of residential construction,
infrastructure development and institutional construction projects in the
country. The global financial crisis also adversely affected consumer
confidence, causing a decline in foreign investment in real estate.
Domestically, factors such as increasing unemployment rates led to a rise in
credit defaults, which impacted the demand for residential properties. However,
as per in-house research, low interest rates, a decreasing unemployment rate,
increase in infrastructure spending and improving market fundamentals are
expected to drive the growth in the US construction industry, at a CAGR of 7.1%
over 2014-2018 to value US$1.6 trillion in 2018. Demand for residential
construction, the largest category in the US construction industry, is expected
to increase over the forecast period at a CAGR of 11.2% over 2014-2018, to value
US$711 billion in 2018. Construction activity in residential sector will be
driven by demand-side factors, such as growth in single-family housing and the
rising urbanization rate, as well as government support and state investment in
affordable housing schemes. In addition, low mortgage rates, stabilized home
prices and a decrease in foreclosure rates will stimulate the residential
construction market. Banks are in a strong financial position, and companies in
the US are expected to have a sufficient cash surplus and are projected to
increase their investments. Therefore, recovery in the US residential
construction sector may provide significant growth opportunities to Bimini,
which invests in mortgage-backed securities.


THREATS:


INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Compliance costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the
company's operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased
compliance costs and additional regulations. The compliance burden on company
has probably been increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future
crises. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors
Group, the Institute of International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued
reports reflecting the changes in the regulatory process and risk management
practices. The Federal Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage
origination to guard consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory
environment and exert extra pressure on companies, which are already working on
improving their own governance processes.

STRINGENT REGULATIONS


The company is subject to various government regulations. The government has
enacted, or may enact law, or regulations that restrict or prohibit some
provisions in some programs or businesses that the company participates in. The
recently effective changes in loan originator compensation, qualified mortgages
requirements and other regulatory restrictions may adversely affect business of
the company. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has finalized its
rulemaking implementing strict residential mortgage loan underwriting standards
enacted under the Dodd-Frank Act. The Act and that rulemaking impose significant
liability for violation of those underwriting standards, and offer certain
protection from that liability only for loans that comply with tight limitations
on upfront fees and that do not contain certain alternative features such as
balloon payments. Those requirements, which become effective in 2014, may affect
the company's ability to originate residential mortgage loans or the
profitability of those operations

FLUCTUATIONS IN THE INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in non-performing assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                Michigan Edition

WNDU won't confirm layoffs;
Official says 'staffing decisions' will not affect quality of news.

BYLINE: By ED RONCO, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 299 words


SOUTH BEND -- Staffing changes at WNDU-TV will not affect the quality of the
station's newscasts, an official with the TV station's parent company said
Tuesday.

During a conference call to discuss the first-quarter results of Atlanta-based
Gray Television, Jim Ryan, chief financial officer, said the company "recently
made some staffing decisions" at the station.

He did not confirm specifically, however, whether those decisions involved
layoffs.

The station said it employed 123 people when it was purchased by Gray from the
University of Notre Dame for $85 million in March.

"We've tried to be careful and prudent in arriving at those (staffing) decisions
and certainly are sensitive to the impact of the individuals," Ryan said.

The changes will not affect the quality of WNDU's news gathering, Ryan said.

The company's first and foremost concern when making any staffing decisions is
to "be very, very careful that we don't do anything we believe will damage the
news product," he said.

"We are ... committed not only in the South Bend community, but in all of our
communities, to delivering the very best news product we can."

Gray posted a loss of $3.4 million for the quarter ended March 31, down 361
percent from the same quarter in 2005, when the company had a $1.3 million
profit.

The company, which owns more than 36 television stations in 30 markets, said it
expects to have a good year ahead, especially with revenue from increased
political advertising leading up to what's expected to be a hotly contested
congressional election in November.

The closest Gray stations are WILX in Lansing, WIFR in Rockford, Ill., and WMTV
in Madison, Wis.

The company's stations reach 5 percent of total U.S. TV households.

Its shares closed down 6 cents to end Tuesday at $7.65 on the New York Stock
Exchange.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 16, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR Edition

STEWART TRIES TO POINT WAY TO BETTER RESULTS

BYLINE: Vahe Gregorian Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 432 words


Senior Paul O'Liney scored 50 points in three NCAA Tournament games last season
(he was suspended for the first-round game against Navy). Other than O'Liney,
Missouri's current players have scored a total of 22 points in the tournament:
Julian Winfield has four, Jason Sutherland nine, Derek Grimm five and Chip
Walther four.

O'Liney's suspension last season came after a fracas at a Columbia bar the night
before MU left. Stewart said he had no plans to implement a curfew this week,
although he coincidentally held an early Sunday morning practice.

Stewart said he expects to see better results from Grimm and Sutherland, each of
whom have struggled through the last few weeks.

"I see them (both) in that category as coming back and being better prepared to
play," Stewart said. "I think Jason was bothered by injury (his elbow) and then
by the bashing he took in the different areas of reporting.

"Derek is not an instinctive athlete. He is a made athlete who has good shooting
skills. He's more of an 'A to B' player than he is instinctive. . . . So he's
going to get a little tired of it, and then he's going to come back."

Spy Satellite: Stewart said MU didn't expect to make any special use of game
film of Indiana's 80-61 walloping of Kansas.

"Each ballclub affects another ballclub in their own way," Stewart said. "We
will affect Indiana, and Indiana will affect us, much differently than Kansas
did. So, while you watch it to see what they're doing or how they played
somebody, it may not apply to you."

Keep On Truckin': When MU first went to the West Regional in 1986, the hotel
accommodations in Ogden, Utah, were Spartan. But Stewart is convinced times have
changed and that MU's No. 8 seed ought to make things cushy in Boise. "We should
have running water," he said.

In Utah last year, Stewart recalled, Wisconsin-Green Bay was assigned to the
Flying J truck stop.

"They did meet a lot of people who were in the trucking industry," he said,
"which is good, because there's a lot of nice people."

Tip-Ins:

Friday's game, Stewart said, will have special meaning for freshman Scott Combs,
a native of Paoli, Ind.

Unwanted coaching tip: Grimm has played sparingly through the Big Eight season,
but there is at least one way he apparently could help the offense-challenged
Tigers. He is MU's most successful 3-point shooter, making 45.8 percent (33-72).

Mizzou fans interested in receiving game notes and statistics during the NCAA
Tournament can do so through the Fax Scoreboard. Just call 1-800-334-5FAX from
the handset of your fax machine.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 27, 1995, Monday, FIVE STAR Edition

RELIGIOUS GROUPS TACKLE SUBSTANCE ABUSE

BYLINE: Helen T. Gray 1995, Kansas City Star

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY -


ADDING a religious perspective to information about substance abuse is an aim of
a new program of Jewish Family & Children's Services.

The agency started its substance abuse program last year and offered it for the
first time to religious groups last month.

The four-part program deals with issues such as how addictions affect the
community, the effects addictions have on the whole family and the way addiction
affects various types of people.

In January, about 60 Kansas City high school sophomores from confirmation
classes of Temple B'nai Jehudah and Congregation Beth Shalom and their parents
were the first religious group to participate in the program.

Rabbi Joshua Taub, associate rabbi at B'nai Jehudah, said the program provides a
good outlet to deal with issues of substance abuse from a religious point of
view.

"Judaism has a great thing to say about substance abuse," he said. "Very often
kids are told, 'Just say no.' We can't simplify it. We are talking about issues
of self-esteem and self-worth. Offering a religious perspective - that is not
just a punitive one - gives them another valuable perspective.

"Young people generally are experimenting, testing and exploring. And they may
not be conscious that, at the same time, they are making statements about how
they value themselves. These things (drugs and alcohol) may make them feel good,
but they mistake that as a remedy for their pain. Religious systems provide us
with an opportunity to define our lives in a way that helps us deal with our
pain."

Karen Agron, manager of development and community relations for the agency,
noted that schools are providing education about substance abuse, but find it
difficult to involve parents.

"Bringing the substance abuse education program together with the religious
community gives the information more meaning," Agron said. "The values of any
religious group can have a far greater impact on the students regarding the
importance of taking care of your body and not abusing drugs and alcohol."

Nancy Carlson, addiction and recovery specialist, one of the course presenters,
said religious groups seldom deal with the abuse of chemicals.

"It has been the 'no-talk' rule in the family and a 'no-talk' rule in the
religious family. But I think that is opening up."

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                October 13, 2016

                          Bank of America Corporation

                        Bank of America Corporate Center
                              Charlotte 28255-0001
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


BOA is a leading provider of banking, investment, asset management and other
financial and risk management products and services. Broad product and service
portfolio, strong banking network and market recognition are the bank's key
strengths. However, a weak revenue performance and overdependence on the US
remain areas of concern. Going forward, fluctuations in interest rates, an
increase in compliance costs and changing regulations may affect its business
operations. However, a booming mortgage market in the US, economic growth, and a
positive outlook for the cards and payments industry will provide ample growth
opportunities.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG BANKING NETWORK


A strong branch network helps the bank generate operational efficiencies. BOA is
one of the world's largest financial institutions, serving individual consumers,
small- and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of
banking, investment, asset management and other financial and risk-management
products and services. As of December 2015, the bank served more than 48 million
consumer and small business relationships in 40 countries through a network
4,800 banking centers and 15,800 ATMs. Additionally, it has strong online
banking network with 31 million active users and 17 million mobile users. BOA
offers support to 3 million small business owners through a suite of online
products and services. Such a network provides the bank with a competitive
advantage while catering to a diversified customer base.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


A broad product and service portfolio helps the bank to serve a range of
customers. The bank offers banking, investment, asset management and financial
and risk-management products and services. Its portfolio includes checking
accounts, savings accounts, personal loans, business loans, auto loans, debit
and credit cards and retirement solutions. The bank also offers treasury
management, foreign exchange, online banking, investment advisory, investment
banking and private banking services. Such a broad product and service portfolio
drives the bank's top-line performance.

MARKET RECOGNITION


Strong recognition of BOA opens new growth avenues for the bank. BOA is one of
the largest financial institutions in the world, has a robust brand image in its
domestic and international market, reflected through various awards. In January
2015, the bank was named 2015's Military-Friendly Employer by G.I. Jobs
magazine, and Bank of America Merrill Lynch was recognized as Structured
Products House of the Year by Risk magazine. During the same month, Bank of
America Merrill Lynch won eight awards for transaction banking innovation and
excellence from Treasury Management International. In 2015, Bank of America was
recognized as a Top Financial Services Company in the CDP S&P 500 Report, The
Banker, Bloomberg World's Greenest Bank rankings and DJSI North America. Market
recognition in the form of awards will help it gain new business.


WEAKNESSES:


WEAK TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


The bank witnessed weak top-line performance in FY2015, which is an area of
concern. It reported revenues of US$93,056 million during FY2015, compared to US
$95,181 million in FY2014, representing an annual decline of 2.2%. decline in
the company's revenue was primarily due to decrease of 2.1% and 2.3%, in its
interest and non-interest income in FY2015. Such a weak to-line performance will
affect the investors' confidence on the company.

OVERDEPENDENCE ON THE US


The bank's dependence on the US for its revenues may affect its business
operations if the country experiences any political and economical change.
Although the bank has a presence in Asia, EMEA, Latin America and the Caribbean,
it generated 86.8% of its total revenues (net of interest expense) from the US
in FY2015. Overdependence on the US is a business risk.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast-period
CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is expected reach
1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of payment card
transactions is expected to touch US$7.6 trillion in 2019 at a forecast period
CAGR of 5.69%. Growth is expected to be driven by an increase in mobile
penetration, a rise in retail sales, urbanization, and rising per capita income
and employment in the US. BOA, a provider of debit and credit cards in the US,
is placed well to benefit from this.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.4%. It is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. This is likely to
increase the country's spending on financial solutions, which in turn will
increase the demand for banking and financial products and services in the US.
As a provider of financial products and services in the US, BOA is well
positioned to benefit from the growing economy.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to BOA. The
US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected to register
substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association
(MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are expected to
reach US$1,558 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand for
mortgage products and services offered by the company, which in turn will drive
its top-line performance.


THREATS:


CHANGING RULES AND REGULATIONS


The bank's activities are highly regulated by the various governmental and
regulatory authorities in the countries of its operations. Laws and regulations
applied at the national, state or local level generally grant government
agencies and industry self-regulatory authorities' broad administrative
discretion over the activities of the bank. The change in government policies
and regulations may adversely affect the companies' growth and expansion
strategies. These legal proceedings will consume time of the bank's senior
management. If the bank fails to address these proceedings in an appropriate
way, its reputation may be harmed and it can be subject to additional legal risk
which in turn, increases the size and number of claims and damages asserted
against the bank or subject the bank to enforcement actions, fines and
penalties.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the bank's business performance. An
increase in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including a bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Increasing interest rates may adversely
affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and
leases, resulting in an increase in non-performing assets and a reduction of
income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond its
control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the bank as its income and investment returns depend on the level
of interest rates.

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


The compliance costs for the bank may continue to grow due as the current
financial crisis led to additional regulations. The compliance burden on banks
probably increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises. The
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the
Institute of International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued reports
reflecting the changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices.
The Federal Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to
guard consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and add
extra pressure on the banks, which are already in the process of improving their
own governance processes.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 14, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Mayor's Job Austerities Take the Ax to New York's Poorest

SECTION: Section A;  Page 16;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 226 words


To the Editor:

Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has promised that his proposed reduction of the New
York City municipal work force by 15,000 jobs will not affect "essential
services." Yet the real question appears to be not if these cuts will affect
essential services, but whose services they will affect.

The administration has announced that it will cut 3,600 jobs from the Department
of Social Services, the agency serving the city's poor. This proposed cut comes
on top of a previously announced cut of 1,000 jobs in the same agency.

Thus, nearly one-third of Mayor Guiliani's 15,000 job cuts are targeted at New
York's poorest.

These cuts do not represent a trimming of fat at the agency. Each welfare
caseworker is already responsible for nearly 200 clients. These huge caseloads
result in thousands of erroneous terminations of welfare benefits, causing
needless hardship among the city's poor. The proposed cuts will only make an
abysmal system even worse.

Mayor Guiliani's singling out of the Department of Social Services demonstrates
that he is not willing to make the "tough" fiscal decisions he promised. By
targeting the most vulnerable, he has merely opted for the easiest, and most
cowardly, choice of all.

CHRISTOPHER J. MEADE
Sinsheimer Public Service Scholar, New York University School of Law
New York, March 4, 1994

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 19, 2017

                                 CME Group Inc.

                               20 S Wacker Drive
                               Chicago,  IL 60606
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


CME serves the risk management and investment needs of customer across the
world. Broad products and services portfolio, strong financial performance,
market recognition and improved cash position are its key strengths, even as,
seasonality in trading activity remains major area of concern. In future,
fluctuations in interest rates, changing rules and regulations and risk from
terrorism may affect the group's business operations. However, growing economy
in the US, strategic agreements and new product and service launches are
expected to offer ample growth opportunities to the group.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


IMPROVED CASH POSITION


The group has witnessed strong growth in cash and equivalents, which in turn
helps it to meet its short-term obligations, without any difficulties. The
group's cash and equivalents increased from US$1,440.8 million in FY2014 to US$
1,765.1 million in FY2015, representing an annual increase of 22.5%. An increase
in cash and equivalents may be attributed to increased value of its short-term
asset holdings such as short-term government bonds, and marketable securities,
and strong cash inflow.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The group exhibited strong financial performance during FY2015, which will boost
its investor's confidence. During FY2015, the group recorded total revenue US$
3,326.8 million compare to US$3,112.5 million in FY2014, representing an annual
increase of 7%. The primary reason for increasing revenue in FY2015 was increase
in clearing and transaction fees, market data and information services and
access and communication fees by 6.4%, 12.1% and 4.1% respectively over FY2014.
The group also recorded strong growth in its operating and net income during
FY2015. In FY2015, the group's operating income was US$1,988.7 million, as
compared to US$1,768.4 million in FY2014, representing an annual increase of
12.5%. In FY2015, the group recorded an increase of 10.6% in its net income from
US$1,127.1 million in FY2014 to US$1,247 million in FY2015. Such a strong growth
in revenue and income levels helps the group to pursue its growth plans
aggressively.

BROAD PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PORTFOLIO


Broad products and services portfolio of CME provides scalability to the group
in catering to the various requirements of its customers. CME provides
exchange-traded derivative contracts include futures and options based on
interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural
commodities, rare and precious metals, weather and real estate. It also offers
hedging solutions, speculation and asset allocation services, interest rate
sensitive instruments, equity ownership, changes in the value of foreign
currency, credit risk and changes in the prices of agricultural, energy and
metal commodities. The breadth and diversity of each of its product lines and
the variety of their underlying contracts is beneficial to the overall
performance of the group. Such diversified products and services portfolio
ensures a strong market share for the group and consistent revenues.

MARKET RECOGNITION


Strong recognition of CME opens new growth avenues for the group. CME is one of
the leading and most diverse derivatives marketplaces. The group has a robust
brand image in its market, which is reflected through various awards being
conferred on it for its strong and quality operations. In February 2016, the
group was honored with Best Futures Exchange at Markets Media's 2016 Markets
Choice Awards. In the same year, it also received Exchange of the Year award by
Risk Awards Team. In 2015, the group was recognized by Futures and Options World
for the International Exchange of the Year for Asia award at the fourth FOW
Awards for Asia 2015. Market recognitions in the form of awards showcase the
group's outstanding performance, as against its peers in specific areas, and
will help it gain new businesses easily.


WEAKNESSES:


SEASONALITY IN TRADING ACTIVITY


The business results of CME are dependent on seasonal and cyclical fluctuations
in its operations. The trading activity is inherently variable while the group
has a substantial fixed cost proportion, which is independent of such activity.
Such environment will affect the group's revenue generation, especially in a low
market environment. Additionally, CME's revenue could get be significantly
affected by extreme volatility, firm government regulations and limited credit
availability, especially in the unstable capital and credit markets. Such
seasonality in trading activity coupled with other regulatory changes could
affect the liquidity of the group.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The group stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at 2.4%
in FY2015. It is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. Increase in consumer
consumption and purchases, decreasing unemployment rate to 4.8% in Fy2017 as
compared to 5.3% in Fy2015 and favorable monetary policies are expected to be
the major growth drivers for the US economy. This is likely to encourage
spending on financial products and services the country. As a provider of a wide
range of financial solutions in the US, the group is well positioned to benefit
from the growing economy.

NEW PRODUCT AND SERVICES LAUNCHES


Recent product launches by CME will help in driving its revenue by enabling it
to serve a huge customer base. In February 2016, the group introduced a new LNG
DES Japan (Rim) futures contract. This new contract will help in managing LNG
price risks in Japanese energy markets. In January 2016, the group announced the
launch of six new West Texas Intermediate (WTI) Houston (Argus) Crude Oil
futures contracts for three consecutive years. This launch will help the group
in increasing the volume of WTI traded in Houston which in turn increases the
customer relations with the group and also help in generating revenue through
increased customer trading. Such new product and service launches are likely to
expand the group's customer base, which in turn will drive its revenue.

STRATEGIC AGREEMENTS


CME's strategic agreements with other companies are likely to have a positive
impact on the group's business performance, going forward. In this direction in
March 2016, the group entered in to a selling agreement with CyrusOne, Inc., a
global provider of data centre services, under which, the group announced the
selling of its Chicago data center in Aurora, III and entered in to a 15 year
leasing contract to continue its electronic trading platform, CME Globex. This
will enhance the co-location services with CyrusOne and helps in attracting new
customers through co-location services. In the same month, CME entered in to a
collaborative agreement with Duco Technologies, a global provider of data
control services to utilize Duco's fee control processing technology. The
collaboration helps the group to control its fee structures and also enables
accuracy between parties and eliminates manual work. Such strategic agreements
of the group will increase its efficiency and customer base, which in turn will
have positive impact on the group's revenues.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the group's business performance.
Interest rate risk for trading companies is a significant factor in determining
the revenue of the group. Changes in interest rates affect the trading cycle of
the group which in turn influences its business operations and revenue received
in the form of fees from trading activities. Interest rates are highly sensitive
to many factors beyond its control, including general economic conditions,
inflation, recession, unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various
governmental and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact
the operating performance of the group as its business operations and investment
returns depend on the level of interest rates.

CHANGING RULES AND REGULATIONS


The group's activities are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. CME, having its presence across various nations including the US,
the UK and the European Union, and is subjected to be regulated by the
respective regulatory agencies present in these nations. Changes in existing
regulatory framework or implementation of a new government laws and policies in
these nations may affect the operations of the business as the group should
comply with the changing regulatory reforms. For instance, the implementation of
Dodd-Frank Act in the US may less benefit the group as it requires additional
capital requirements in order to comply with the set regulatory frameworks.
Further, in the UK and European Union its business operations are regulated by
the Bank of England, Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), European Securities and
Markets Authority (ESMA), Markets in Financial Instruments Regulation (MiFIR),
Capital Requirements Regulations IV and Market Abuse Directive respectively.
Recent changes in these regulating bodies would impact the business operations
of the group. These legal proceedings will consume time of the group's senior
management. In addition to this, if the group fails to address these proceedings
in an appropriate way, the group's reputation may be harmed and it can be
subject to additional legal risk which in turn, increases the size and number of
claims and damages asserted against the group or subject the group to
enforcement actions, fines and penalties.

RISK FROM TERRORISM


The group may be more likely to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty
of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations than other companies.
Terrorist attacks are impossible to predict and can affect the financial
markets, which in turn may impact the business operations of the group and also
affects the business continuity plans. The companies under derivatives industry
maintain significant security protection measures and also establish backup
sites in the event of an attack. These security measures and contingency plans
implemented by the companies may be inadequate to prevent significant
disruptions in their business, technology or access to the infrastructure
necessary to maintain their business. This is likely to result in the closure of
trading and clearing facilities and affects trading volumes and also impacts the
data recovery and backup systems maintained by the companies. Such damages to
the facilities and business operations of the group due to terrorist attacks may
have a material adverse effect on the business, operating results and financial
conditions of the group.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          February 11, 2009 Wednesday

Roadshow: New white streetlights shouldn't affect Lick Observatory

BYLINE: By Gary Richards Mercury News

SECTION: TRAFFIC; News; Local; Columnists

LENGTH: 640 words


Q How will the new white streetlights in San Jose affect Lick Observatory? I see
that they can be dimmed, but did the city decide that the observatory is not as
important as other issues or did officials discover that the white lights won't
affect the observatory any more than the yellow lights did? "... Lick has made
some significant discoveries, and the light issue is a significant one. "...
These new street lights could affect not just Lick but also Foothill College and
all astronomers, whether for scientific research or simple stargazing.

Brian West, Ceal Craig, Wayne Rosing, Lee Ann Schlatter, Paul Bradshaw and many,
many more

A While the yellow lights now in use do make it easier to see the night sky,
Lick should be OK for a couple of reasons. The new lights can be dimmed, as much
as 50 percent at times when Lick's astronomers are doing their work. In
addition, the color of the lights can be changed to yellow. And the new lights
beam straight down, with little light seeping toward the sky.

Q I hate the yellow streetlights in San Jose as much as the next person, but to
spend $1,000 a light to change them is insane. "... It costs $20 million to
replace $20,000 lights? Holy smokes. I want that contract. Is this program run
by the Pentagon?

Linda Vlcek, Michael Schwerin and more

A Whoa. First the city believes the cost will come down to about $500 a light
before long. Second, even at the higher cost, the savings in energy use, the
longer life span of the new lights   15 years vs. four or five for current
lights   plus rebates from PG&E all mean that the city could break even in five
years.

Q I lived in San Jose for six years and I hated those yellow streetlights. I saw
lots of near-accidents that I think were because people didn't notice the yellow
traffic lights, which blended in with the streetlights. And I drove through a
few before I noticed. It's about time they change to new lights.

Nanette Logue

Monterey

A Many agree with you.

Q I read about drivers getting a toll-ticket violation crossing the Benicia
Bridge even though they paid. I cross this bridge twice a week and would never
think to run through without paying. A couple of years ago, as I approached the
toll booth one night, the car in front slowed, but then accelerated through the
toll booth without paying. I was next to enter, paid the $4 as usual and was off
on my merry way. Then I received a ticket in the mail stating that I did not
pay, with a photo of my car's license plate included. I replied that I never ran
the toll booth and that I had watched a car ahead of me doing so. The ticket was
dropped. However, how does the camera operate? Does the toll collector hit a
button as the car passes through? If so, was the toll collector a bit late
taking the photo that night, and will I have to go through the aggravation of
fighting another ticket if this happens again?

Steve Straker

Roseville

A Bridge officials believe you mostly likely fell victim to a toll collector's
inadvertent push of the wrong button. Cameras are on at all times to capture
license plate numbers. The toll collector pushes a button to indicate a paid
vehicle. In the event that a car drives through without paying, the toll taker
presses another button to indicate a violation. This likely was an instance of
the toll person simply confusing the two buttons. This seldom happens, but it
does happen.

Q How are westbound vehicles going to get to south Interstate 880 or Highway 17
from westbound Stevens Creek Boulevard under the new proposed interchange at
Valley Fair?

Bill Brasher

A A new traffic signal will be created at the intersection where the south I-880
ramp feeds onto Stevens Creek. Drivers on Stevens Creek will be able to turn
left or right at that light to head south to the freeway.

Contact Gary Richards at mrroadshow@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5335.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

The rate of students graduating to become teachers is plummeting; UNC hopes to
stem the tide before it starts to affect District 6

BYLINE: Tyler Silvy, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1338 words


May 21--Bret Robinson remembers what the University of Northern Colorado spring
teacher job fair was like 20 years ago as a newly minted teacher from UNC in
1988.

Robinson, now the superintendent for Pawnee Re-12 School District in Grover,
lined up in a frenzy with another 1,200 eager graduates hoping for a job.

"It was like the stock market bell," he said. "Now it's a totally different
ballgame."

Now districts across the state feel a shortage of teachers nationwide, but
that's especially true for rural districts such as Robinson's, which features
about 80 students in grades K-12.

In the past five years, Robinson has left the job fair by noon on the second
day. He didn't even attend this year.

UNC, the home of that prestigious teacher job fair and a university that built
its reputation on preparing teachers (it was once known as Colorado Teacher's
College), knows the problem all too well. Since 2010, UNC has watched enrollment
in its teacher preparation programs plummet from a high of nearly 4,000 in 2011
to just 2,900 last year. The state is expected to graduate only 2,000 next year,
and it needs twice that amount, education officials say.

"I've thought about that a lot," said Eugene Sheehan, dean of UNC's College of
Education. "So what can higher ed do?"

Nearly a quarter of teacher graduates in Colorado come from UNC. So any change
the Greeley university makes could have widespread effects.

Sheehan has a few of those changes in mind, some of which are already underway.

Those changes include reaching out to high school students to build interest in
teaching and attracting students in nontraditional fields, like engineering, to
the profession.

Any of those paths must overcome potential teachers' fears from an increasing
workload and mandates on how to do their job and a perceived lack of earnings
potential compared with other professions.

What's the problem?

For decades, the U.S. Department of Education has put out a list of teacher
shortage areas by state.

From 1991-95, Colorado had a need for special education teachers. Today, that
list has expanded to art, music, drama, foreign languages, math, science, and
yes, special education.

Most of those are hard to fill in rural districts, and Greeley-Evans School
District 6 feels it, too. Still, in Greeley, the positions are filled for the
most part.

There are states that are worse off than Colorado (Oklahoma, California). There
are states that are doing better (Connecticut). But every state has seen its
list of needs increase as the number of people pursuing teaching as a career has
decreased.

In most industries, a shortage of workers forces a pay increase to fill the
shortage. That's not the case in teaching, Sheehan said.

Tax dollars -- or lack thereof -- put a damper on opening up the checkbook to
solve the teacher shortage.

Instead, we look for ways to make it easier to become a teacher. In Oklahoma
this past fall, hundreds of emergency teaching licenses were approved. Programs
like Teach for America or other alternative (fast-track) routes account for an
increasingly large proportion of classroom teachers.

Sheehan thinks UNC plays a role in solving that problem, not only in crafting
attractive programs, but in advocating for a profession UNC officials and
professors truly believe in.

He has an educator preparation program to sell, but Sheehan says those
"short-route" programs don't adequately prepare future teachers.

"The woman I pay 15 bucks to do my hair probably has more hours of training than
some of these programs do," Sheehan said.

That problem is compounded when you consider that a lot of these short-route
programs are for tough school districts, such as those with high levels of
poverty, in inner cities or in turnaround schools, Sheehan said.

District 6 fits that profile, and yet there's no indication it's had to use
"short-route" programs to fill its classrooms yet. Its starting salary is higher
than most surrounding districts, and the district's Chief Human Resources
Officer, Kevin Aten, said the district had a long line of interested applicants
at this year's teachers fair.

Aten said the line was longer than normal -- rare even in the past few years.
Still, Aten is concerned, saying Colorado is producing half the number of
teachers it needs each year.

'All the fun is gone'

Nancie Atwell won $1 million for being the world's best teacher after she was
awarded the first Global Teacher Prize from the Varkey Foundation, which works
to improve education for underprivileged students. But when she was asked about
whether people should become teachers, she said, essentially, "no."

She cited Common Core standards and state-mandated tests, and educators
everywhere said, "Exactly!"

"It has become so hard to be an educator anymore," Robinson said. "All the fun
is gone ... there's so much red tape, so many hoops to jump through. I've got
teachers wearing so many hats and doing things they never, ever dreamed would be
part of their job."

Sheehan said he thinks those stressors can rub off on high school students who
otherwise might be interested in the profession.

"They're seeing the teacher, and if they're perceiving that teaching is overly
stressful, then the career isn't necessarily as attractive," Sheehan said.

But there are high school students interested in the profession, and UNC is
keying in on them.

For years, UNC has worked with the Colorado's Teacher Cadet program, which molds
interested high school students into future teachers.

UNC has hosted events for these cadets the past three years and has seen
participation balloon from 40 to 150 to 300 students. If it grows any more,
Sheehan joked they'd have to host the breakfast at Butler Hancock Sports
Pavilion.

Getting high school students interested in becoming teachers is one solution,
but what about college students?

Well, UNC has an answer to that in the form of a partnership with the Colorado
School of Mines. The institution known for spitting out whip-smart engineers,
mathematicians and scientists also has some students -- about 90 -- who are
interested in becoming teachers. The program has been up and running for a
couple years now, and UNC helps get those School of Mines students into some of
the hardest-to-fill positions in K-12 -- namely secondary math and science
teaching roles.

The students take about half of their classes at Mines and the other half at UNC
fulfilling teaching requirements.

Students who come to UNC without a firm plan for what to study also are fair
game for Sheehan and company. To that end, UNC has spent more than $100,000 in
the past five years upgrading technology to make its program attractive. Some
faculty members believe the university should spend more, Sheehan admits. After
all, technology is pretty big in the K-12 world.

UNC recently revamped its education technology program to better align with what
future teachers will be expected to know.

In the meantime, UNC is working with districts such as District 6 and others to
determine what they look for in teachers and how UNC can help meet that need.

The university also has teamed up with District 6 on a Project Teacher Find
scholarship, worth $2,500 per year over four years. The institutions have gone
from offering a couple scholarships to seven this year. Some districts offer
more money, but they also require students to come back and work for their local
district. District 6 doesn't do that, but Aten said he gives away plenty of
business cards. Aten said everything helps when it comes to curbing the
shortage.

And yet Sheehan thinks there are some good things going for the profession.

"You get to see the light bulbs go on," Sheehan said. "You get to see yourself
making a meaningful difference in kids' lives."

-- Tyler Silvy covers education for The Greeley Tribune. Reach him at
tsilvy@greeleytribune.com Connect with him at Facebook.com/TylerSilvy or
@TylerSilvy on Twitter.

___ (c)2016 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160521-GY-The-rate-of-students-graduating-to-become-teachers-is-plummeting-UNC
-hopes-to-stem-the-tide-before-it-starts-to-affect-District-6-0521-20160521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2016 Greeley Tribune


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Automotive News
                                 Print Version

                               December 21, 2015

Climate pact: Regulations are a given, attitudes aren't

BYLINE: Jesse Snyder; jsnyder@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 12 Vol. 89

LENGTH: 520  words


It's too soon to see how the Paris climate agreement will affect the auto
industry. But any time 195 countries agree to alter energy usage to prevent
runaway climate change, it's clear the automobile's future is altered.

Experience best prepares people to handle challenges. And our experiences are
informed by personal moments of sudden insight.

It's that aha moment when the abstract becomes real, when "This doesn't affect
me" suddenly does. When a vaguely accepted, obscure factoid crystallizes to "I
get it."

I've had moments that changed my mind.

I am a son of Detroit, a third-gen Motor City kid steeped in honking V-8s and
drag strip heroes. Sure, leaded gasoline always seemed unhealthy. Air inversions
sounded awful but didn't affect flat-landers like me. When California passed
stringent air-quality rules in the mid-1970s, I briefly wondered if it was
overkill.

Until my first trip to Los Angeles. Flying into LAX over Riverside and Ontario,
I glanced down at the pattern of houses and streets, then noticed that closer to
the mountains, the smog thickened and houses disappeared under brown air.

I thought of children living there. At that moment, I got California emissions
laws.

Daily exposure can have a similar effect. In the 1990s, our family lived 54
miles from the Automotive News office in L.A. Most mornings, I'd crest the Simi
Valley pass and see that orangy-brown air inversion hovering below. Descending
into that witch's brew, you involuntarily gasp, wishing you could hold your
breath until dinner.

Dirty air isn't all last century. I knew air quality in India was bad before
going there in 2008, but in Delhi, I was startled by gray smog - inside the
airport terminal. Outside, among swarming two-cycle motorcycles, the air was
even worse.

I'm not fond of excessive regulation. But the auto industry has survived decades
of tight rules. In fact, the auto industry's growth to 85 million light vehicles
a year is possible only because of those rules.

Don't believe me? Without huge gains in fuel economy, emissions and safety,
there wouldn't be enough resources, fuel or demand to support this much volume.

Besides, does anybody really want the good old days? You know, leaded gas and
carburetors. And no seat belts, airbags or laminated safety glass.

Of course not.

Exactly how much regulation is excessive? My views have changed.

Seeing California smog firsthand didn't trigger a conscious call to action. But
since then, this Detroit boy hasn't bought a vehicle with an engine larger than
2.6 liters. In 1966, my '53 Buick Super V-8 got 8 stinking miles per leaded
gallon. My current ride averages 36 mpg. I'm delighted I can't smell its
exhaust.

Attitudes about auto regulations shift, even within the business. A proposed
rule? Onerous, impossible. About to take effect? Possible, barely. A year later?
Not nearly as awful as that new proposal.

There will always be new auto regulations as conditions and public expectations
change. Our attitudes shape whether new rules are a constant irritant to resist
or a challenging opportunity to gain an edge.

Maybe we need more aha moments to keep ourselves flexible.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AN


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 28, 2011 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

New Mortgage Limit May Set Buyers Back

BYLINE: By VIVIAN S. TOY

SECTION: Section RE; Column 0; Real Estate Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1139 words


FOR most potential buyers, the impending change in mortgage limits is just
another obscure wrinkle in federal policy. But for some New Yorkers, it could
mean the difference between buying and not buying a new home.

On Oct. 1, when the limit on federally guaranteed loans drops to $625,500 from
the current level of $729,750, hundreds of buyers in the city and nearby suburbs
will either have to come up with larger down payments to stay under the new
limit or face the prospect of applying for jumbo loans -- anything above
$625,500 -- which have higher interest rates.

For some buyers, neither option will be viable, and they have set Sept. 30
contract deadlines in hopes of closing on their new homes before the change
kicks in.

''Across the country this is not a big deal,'' said David Maundrell, the
president of aptsandlofts.com, ''but in New York, because our prices are where
they are, it's going to be an issue.''

The lower limit will primarily affect buyers searching for homes that cost
$750,000 to $1 million. In Manhattan, that means one-bedrooms and smaller
two-bedrooms. In Brooklyn, it will mainly affect two-bedroom properties.

Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the appraisal firm Miller Samuel, estimated
that the new limit would affect about 7 percent of transactions in Manhattan,
which had about 10,000 sales in the past year.

''It's not a catastrophic impact,'' he said. ''But it doesn't help, in a market
that's already facing many challenges.''

June Phillips, a senior vice president of Halstead Property, said that
throughout the summer ''all my buyers who were looking for a place under $1
million had the jumbo limit in mind, because they knew they'd have to put more
money down after Sept. 30.''

Since purchases in New York City, especially co-op purchases, can take as long
as two months to close, it is already too late for buyers who are not already in
contract to calculate their costs using the higher limit, she said.

In 2008, before the housing and mortgage markets imploded, the national limit
for government-insured, or conforming, loans was $417,000. But afterward, to
help keep markets moving, the limit was raised to $729,750 in areas with high
median home prices, like California, New York and Washington D.C. ''But
considering the housing market still needs a push,'' Mr. Maundrell said, ''it's
bad timing to lower the limit now.''

For Peggy Leung and her husband, Bill Hanff, timing is so crucial that Ms. Leung
has been contacting the developers of their nearly completed East Williamsburg
building at least once a week to see how close it is to getting a certificate of
occupancy.

The couple cannot close their deal, even though they have their financing lined
up, until the building receives its final permits. ''I check so much with them
that I'm afraid they're going to stop responding,'' Ms. Leung said. ''But if
this doesn't happen, we're going to have to keep renting until I don't know
when.''

The two, who now rent an apartment in Gramercy Park with their 18-month-old son,
Milo, are in contract to buy a one-bedroom duplex with a recreation room and a
yard for $749,000. They qualified for a Federal Housing Administration loan,
which allows them to put just 3.5 percent down and borrow $722,000. Their
carefully drafted contract permits them to duck out of the deal and get their
deposit back if the building does not receive its approvals by Sept. 30.

Their mortgage broker, Ross Weinstein, said he had encouraged them to write the
deadline into their contract. Even though there remains a chance that the
current limit may be extended, he said, it is not a high priority for Congress
right now. And he doesn't think Ms. Leung, who has her own interior design firm,
and Mr. Hanff, a Web site designer, would qualify for a jumbo mortgage, which
they would need under the lower limit. Most jumbo mortgages, also known as
nonconforming mortgages, require at least 20 percent down and a credit score of
720 or more.

Mr. Weinstein, who is the managing partner of Exclusive Capital Consultants,
said that given how long it can take to close a deal in New York City, Wells
Fargo and other banks stopped operating under the $729,750 mortgage limit on
Aug. 15. That means that anyone looking to borrow $700,000, for example, would
already be given a jumbo mortgage rate, which is typically about half a point
higher than the rate for a conforming mortgage and could cost borrowers an
additional several hundred dollars a month.

Chris Siciliano, who with his wife, Doreen, is in contract to buy a house in
Katonah, N.Y., said they had not found out about the upcoming limit change until
they made an offer a few weeks ago. They had always planned on borrowing less
than $729,750, because that would keep the mortgage rate at 4.5 percent, instead
of 5.2 percent.

''It's not a crazy difference,'' Mr. Siciliano said, ''but money is money, so we
wanted to stay away from that jumbo rate.''

The current owners of the house wanted to set the closing for Sept. 30, but when
Mr. Siciliano's mortgage broker told him about the new limit, he insisted that
they close before Sept. 23. ''If we're going to be that close to the rate
deadline,'' he said, ''we wanted a little cushion to protect ourselves.''

The contract releases them if the seller for some reason pushes the closing
beyond Sept. 30.

Mr. Siciliano, who is a creative director at World Wrestling Entertainment, said
that if necessary, he and his wife could probably find a way to increase their
down payment and borrow less than $625,500, ''but that would really be a stretch
for us.''

He also said that because they ''did something very untraditional'' with their
last purchase, ''this time we really wanted to do everything by the book and as
simple as possible.'' They bought a condo at the height of the market with an
interest-only adjustable-rate mortgage, and he said that when values dipped and
the rate adjusted, ''we were very fortunate to not get underwater the way a lot
of other people did.''

Mark Logue, the branch manager of Thoroughbred Mortgage in Rye Brook, N.Y., said
that the Oct. 1 change seemed to have prompted more applications for
refinancings as well as for new mortgages. ''We typically see things slow down
in July and August,'' he said, ''but there's been no downtick on the
high-balance loans because people knew that deadline was coming.''

Mr. Logue also said many of the brokers with whom he deals in Westchester were
concerned that the lower limit would reduce the pool of potential buyers for
certain properties and weaken an already struggling market.

With fewer people qualifying to borrow as much as $729,750, he said, the market
for homes priced from $850,000 to $1 million ''could start to see some price
reductions,'' because buyers who might have been able to offer $950,000 will now
be able to offer only $850,000.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ON A TIGHTROPE:  Peggy Leung and Bill Hanff, and their son,
Milo, in East Williamsburg at the apartment they hope to buy before Sept. 30 for
$749,000, borrowing $722,000. After Sept. 30, the limit on federally guaranteed
loans drops to $625,500 from $729,750. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ANDREA MORALES/THE NEW
YORK TIMES) (RE4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Pasadena Star-News (Pasadena, CA)

                           December 29, 2001 Saturday

Basketball: Lakers Notebook;
Shaq's condition may cause future problems

BYLINE: By rule he's not eligible to play until Jan. 4, and whether his
arthritic right big toe will allow a comeback that soon, not even he knows. No
matter how much better the toe might eventually feel, doctors say the condition
can return at any time.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 306 words


LOS ANGELES Shaquille O'Neal sat out his third consecutive game Friday, offering
no insight as to when or in what condition he will return.

So Lakers coach Phil Jackson will be wary of O'Neal's comfort level and will do
what he can do protect his health. But that won't necessarily include a cutback
in playing time, Jackson said.

O'Neal is averaging 36.1 minutes, down 3 1/2 minutes per game from last season,
and down considerably from the 40-plus minutes he averaged in the 1999-2000
season.

"You know, it's the kind of malady that I don't think there's one thing or
another you can really do," Jackson said. "Weather affects it, humidity affects
it, cold will affect it. I don't think you can say a lot of minutes is what will
affect it. ... Just the practice time will probably be cut a little bit."

The Lakers, always in the market for a big man to relieve O'Neal anyway, might
renew efforts to obtain a suitable backup.

"I don't think it's likely, but we have to consider it," Jackson said.

Doctors ordered Chick Hearn not to entertain visitors in his first week home
after open-heart surgery, but that hasn't kept the Lakers' gabby broadcasting
legend from entertaining his many friends.

Hearn has been on the phone often the last few days, and all reports indicate
he's sounding great.

"We were on the phone for about 10 minutes, and I had to get him off the phone,"
said broadcast partner Stu Lantz. "Otherwise, I think we'd still be talking."

Hearn is hoping for a return in early February, possibly the Feb. 6 home game
against Chicago, the Lakers' last game before the All-Star break.

Lakers pregame host Larry Burnett said he spoke with Hearn earlier Friday, and
that he had a message for his fans.

"He said, 'Tell everybody I love them, and I'm coming back,' " Burnett said.

- Howard Beck

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                           December 29, 2001 Saturday

Basketball: Lakers Notebook;
Shaq's condition may cause future problems

BYLINE: By rule he's not eligible to play until Jan. 4, and whether his
arthritic right big toe will allow a comeback that soon, not even he knows. No
matter how much better the toe might eventually feel, doctors say the condition
can return at any time.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 306 words


LOS ANGELES Shaquille O'Neal sat out his third consecutive game Friday, offering
no insight as to when or in what condition he will return.

So Lakers coach Phil Jackson will be wary of O'Neal's comfort level and will do
what he can do protect his health. But that won't necessarily include a cutback
in playing time, Jackson said.

O'Neal is averaging 36.1 minutes, down 3 1/2 minutes per game from last season,
and down considerably from the 40-plus minutes he averaged in the 1999-2000
season.

"You know, it's the kind of malady that I don't think there's one thing or
another you can really do," Jackson said. "Weather affects it, humidity affects
it, cold will affect it. I don't think you can say a lot of minutes is what will
affect it. ... Just the practice time will probably be cut a little bit."

The Lakers, always in the market for a big man to relieve O'Neal anyway, might
renew efforts to obtain a suitable backup.

"I don't think it's likely, but we have to consider it," Jackson said.

Doctors ordered Chick Hearn not to entertain visitors in his first week home
after open-heart surgery, but that hasn't kept the Lakers' gabby broadcasting
legend from entertaining his many friends.

Hearn has been on the phone often the last few days, and all reports indicate
he's sounding great.

"We were on the phone for about 10 minutes, and I had to get him off the phone,"
said broadcast partner Stu Lantz. "Otherwise, I think we'd still be talking."

Hearn is hoping for a return in early February, possibly the Feb. 6 home game
against Chicago, the Lakers' last game before the All-Star break.

Lakers pregame host Larry Burnett said he spoke with Hearn earlier Friday, and
that he had a message for his fans.

"He said, 'Tell everybody I love them, and I'm coming back,' " Burnett said.

- Howard Beck

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 16, 2013 Sunday

Food insecurity affects many here

BYLINE: D.E. Smoot, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 990 words


June 16--Access to enough nutritious food to live an active and healthy
lifestyle is tough for tens of thousands of eastern Oklahoma residents and could
get even tougher.

Food insecurity impacts 18.3 percent of the 70,600 people who live in Muskogee
County, and it's not much better for those in surrounding counties. Of the
17,500 children in Muskogee County, 4,602, or 26.3 percent, are considered food
insecure.

This information comes from Feeding America, in findings from its Map the Meal
Gap project. The county-by-county analysis is based upon 2011 data collected by
the Economic Research Service arm of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

The analysis comes as the U.S. Senate passed a farm bill that would cut about
$400 million annually from the food stamp program. A bill working its way
through the U.S. House of Representatives would cut even more -- $20 billion
during the next 10 years -- from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program.

Local experts say food insecurity affects everybody, not just those who struggle
to put food on the table. Research shows food insecurity and poverty "can
dramatically alter the architecture of children's brains, making it impossible
for them to fulfill their potential."

"There is nothing getting better here," said Kate Richey, a policy analyst for
Oklahoma Policy Institute in Tulsa. "The reason it looks a little better
(statistically) is because the past three years have been so bad -- any
improvement is just because people are climbing out of that recession."

Richey said she hasn't seen anything policy-wise at the state or federal level
that would increase food security in Oklahoma. Congressional funding cuts that
appear inevitable, she said, will exacerbate an already pressing problem.

The high level of food insecurity experienced  by nearly two of every 10
Oklahomans can be traced to two factors. Richey said the imbalance stems from
wage stagnation and inflationary pressures that pump up the cost of groceries.

"The price of an average basket of food has risen more than 28.8 percent since
2005," Richey said. "Over that same period of time, wages have not risen at all.
There are people out there working full-time jobs who still can't afford the
basic necessities."

The USDA's Economic Research Service found U.S. households began economizing
food purchases in December 2007 because of recessionary pressures. Average
household income, after being adjusted for inflation, fell from $60,533 in 2006
to $59,067 in 2009.

Food prices peaked in 2008, rising at a rate of 5.5 percent annually before they
began to decline in February 2009. The cost of groceries continued to climb at
about 3.8 percent a year, contributing to a 4.96 percent decline in spending on
food from 2006 to 2009.

Maggie Hoey, communications and marketing manager for the Community Food Bank of
Eastern Oklahoma, said one factor in food insecurity here is the swelling ranks
of underemployed and working poor.

"A lot of people we see are working, but their earnings are too low to cover the
costs of even their most basic needs," said Hoey, noting the Tulsa-based food
bank provides food through 450 partner programs in 24 eastern Oklahoma counties.

Both Hoey and Richey said they are keeping an eye on developments in Washington.
Hoey said proposed cuts to SNAP funding in the House farm bill would have a huge
impact "on people here at home."

"We understand the need to reduce the deficit," Hoey said. "But we cannot do it
on the backs of people who really do need our help."

Besides proposed cuts to SNAP funding, analysts with the Center on Budget and
Policy Priorities say food stamp recipients could see their benefits shrink
beginning Nov. 1. If Congress fails to renew provisions authorized by the 2009
Recovery Act that temporarily boosted SNAP funding, a family of three could see
benefits cut from $240 to $300 a year.

That cut is significant, considering SNAP benefits average about $1.40 a meal
per person after subtracting the additional funding provided through the
Recovery Act. That falls 47.2 percent, or $1.25, short of the $2.65 average cost
of a basic, healthy meal here.

Doug Walton, coordinator of the Muskogee County Turning Point Coalition's food
and fitness initiative, said allowing the temporary SNAP funding to lapse could
compound the problem.

"I think I understand where the cuts are coming from -- the need to balance the
budget is there," Walton said. "I just believe we have other areas where
spending could be cut that is less critical to people who struggle day-to-day to
live in a dignified way to put food on their tables."

Walton said Muskogee residents are fortunate to have a farmers' market where
SNAP benefits are accepted. Recipients can buy fresh, locally grown produce and
meat there and SNAP benefits can be used to buy food-bearing plants.

Walton and Richey said while food stamps help low-income families become food
secure, a more permanent response would be increased investments in education
and job-training to equip residents with skills needed to earn a sustainable
wage.

"People do not voluntarily make a decision to be dependent upon somebody else
for their basic needs," Richey said. "Until we adopt policies that promote
broad-based economic development that creates jobs that pay a living wage, we
will never be able to cut these programs."

Until that day arrives, Richey said, it would be cruel to arbitrarily deny those
who deal with food insecurity access to one of the most basic things in life.

Reach D.E. Smoot at (918) 684-2901 or dsmoot@muskogeephoenix.com

Online

For county-by-county comparisons of food insecurity for the entire United States
and more information about the Map the Meal Gap project, navigate to
http://feedingamerica.org/hunger-in-america/hunger-studies/map-the-meal-gap.aspx
.

___ (c)2013 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130616-XK-Food-insecurity-affects-many-here-0616-20130616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2013 Muskogee Phoenix


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             May 17, 2012 Thursday

Consumption of high sugar foods could affect brain: Study

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Sweeteners

LENGTH: 365 words



HIGHLIGHT: A diet rich in processed sugar may affect the brain, impairing memory
and learning, according to study conducted on rats by researchers at University
of California Los Angeles (UCLA).


A diet rich in processed sugar may affect the brain, impairing memory and
learning, according to study conducted on rats by researchers at University of
California Los Angeles (UCLA).

Published in Journal of Physiology, the report also stated that the food high in
omega-3 fatty acids, including flaxseeds, salmon and walnuts could counteract
the loss.

According to researchers, the new study is the first to expose the influences of
the sweetener on the brain, while previous studies only revealed the harmful
affects of fructose through its role in diabetes, obesity and fatty liver.

The study included two groups of rats - one group consumed fructose solution as
drinking water for six weeks, while the second group also consumed omega-3 fatty
acids in the form of flaxseed oil and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA).

DHA is believed to be essential for synaptic function - the ability of brain
cells that enable memory and learning to transmit signals to one another.

Before beginning the experiment diet, the rats were fed standard rat chow and
trained on a maze twice daily for five days, where the scientists placed visual
landmarks to help the animals learn and memorise the way.

Following a six-week study, the researchers observed that the second group of
rats navigated the maze comparatively faster than the rats that did not consume
omega-3 fatty acids.

The study researcher Fernando Gomez-Pinilla said that the DHA-deprived animals
also developed signs of resistance to insulin, a hormone that controls blood
sugar and regulates synapses, and the insulin's power to influence the brain
cells was also lost.

"Because insulin can penetrate the blood-brain barrier, the hormone may signal
neurons to trigger reactions that disrupt learning and cause memory loss,"
Gomez-Pinilla added.

The researchers believe that fructose is the key reason behind the brain
dysfunction of DHA-deficient rats.

Sources of fructose in the Western diet include cane sugar and high-fructose
corn syrup, a liquid sweetener.

The new UCLA study was funded by the National Institute of Neurological
Disorders and Stroke.

Image: The new study is the first to uncover the influences of sugar on the
brain. Photo: JadeGordon.

LOAD-DATE: June 07, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Flight Cutback by Continental Shouldn't Affect Denver Airport Debt, S&P Says

                             April 11, 1994, Monday

Keith DuBay

DATELINE: DENVER


Continental Airlines' decision last week to cut another 21 flights out of Denver
was expected and should not affect Denver International Airport's debt rating, a
Standard & Poor's Corp. official said Friday.

Continental said that it will reduce the number of daily Denver flights to 86
from 107 as part of a 1,000-employee layoff throughout the company's system. The
cuts are scheduled to take place this summer.

The cutback in flights out of Denver was widely predicted after Continental told
employees early last month that it was transferring two thirds, or about 1,400
employees, of its crew base from Denver and that eventually the entire crew base
would be moved. Continental has said it loses $100 million a year in Denver.

Analysts and city officials say the cutbacks effectively signaled the airline's
concession of defeat to United Airlines for the strategically placed Denver
market.

Standard & Poor's analyst Todd Whitestone said the latest cutback, which affects
Reno; Portland, Ore.; and Billings, Mont., flights, was not significant enough
to affect the BBB rating on Denver International's $3.2 billion in bonds. The
airport rating is on the rating agency's CreditWatch with negative implications,
pending the successful opening and early operation of the airport. Opening day
is scheduled for May 15.

Whitestone said the flight reduction "was something we had anticipated because
of the staff reductions. What we're concerned about is if they draw back
further. Eighty-six flights within itself is not a dramatic announcement to us."
If Continental drops below 60 flights, that would be significant, he said.

Mike Boyd, a passenger forecaster and president of Aviations Systems Research
Inc. in Golden, Colo., is forecasting 40 flights for Continental in Denver by
the end of the year. However, Continental spokesman David Messing said Thursday
that there are "no plans for further flight reductions" in Denver.

Messing disagreed with Boyd's prediction that Continental's hub in Denver is
finished.

"An 86-flight hub is a medium-sized hub," Messing said.

Should the number of Continental flights remain at 86, the airport's traffic for
1994 is expected to be higher than projected, city aviation director Jim DeLong
said. The 1994 forecast assumed a 60-flight level for Continental - one of two
hubbing airlines in Denver - and 15.9 million passenger enplanements in Denver.

Enplanements in Denver were about 16.5 million last year, said DeLong, who had
expected Continental to cut back to 60 flights by the beginning of summer. He
said January and February enplanements exceeded projections.

"It looks like we'll be about what we were last year," he said.

Whether the airline leaves Denver or not, Continental is obligated to a
five-year contract that guarantees Denver the revenue that would be generated by
6 million enplanements and by leasing 20 gates.

The gates could be subleased if Continental operates a partnership with another
airline or if all the gates on the third concourse that Continental doesn't use
are leased.

Whitestone said that "we think the bonds can be paid off on a one-hub scenario."

In other airport developments, a team of three Standard & Poor's analysts
visited Denver last week to observe the airport's $190 million baggage system,
which was blamed for the delay of the opening from March 9 to May 15.
Whitestone, who was among the delegation, said Standard & Poor's won't publish
more commentary on Denver until after the opening.

"From what we saw, (the baggage system) looks like it's close to operational,"
Whitestone said. "It's all software from this point. The people we talked to say
most of the problems are solved."

The baggage system will be turned over on April 25 to the company that will
operate it permanently, Whitestone said.

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 637 words

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 24, 2014

Republicans hold off another Democrat proposed gasoline tax

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 835  words


Like many of you, I have found myself traveling more in recent weeks as my
children and I have enjoyed Spring Break and an increase in activities that fill
our calendars this time each year. Just like you, I have felt the assault on my
wallet each time I fill up my vehicle with gasoline. It's a topic that one hears
discussed daily because it affects nearly everyone. Just like you, I am puzzled
by the fact that it costs me more to buy a tank of gas right here at home than
any of the dozens of places I've been recently. I'm not a conspiracy theorist
but it does make me want to dig for some answers.

Let me share some insights on the topic. Outside the routine business decisions
made by owners of gasoline retailers, there are only a few state-to-state
factors that affect the cost of gasoline at the pump. The two most prominent are
the amount of taxes placed on a gallon of gasoline and the costs associated with
dealing with state regulatory or environmental demands. Both are issues out of
our hands but they are held firmly by the legislators serving us in Frankfort.

Considering the facts, I recently travelled from Kentucky, through Tennessee and
Georgia, to Florida. In my trek, the taxes per gallon varied greatly. A full
tank of fuel purchased here in Kentucky had a tax of $.3010 cents per gallon. As
we drove through Tennessee my daughters were tuned into videos but I was more
interested in the signs indicating that gasoline there was $.16 to $.20 per
gallon less than in our home state. Out of curiosity, I discovered that
Tennessee's gas tax, set by their legislature, is $.2140 cents per gallon,
nearly $.09 cents per gallon lower than Kentucky's.

By the time we crossed into Georgia and the girls had introduced me to what must
be every hit ever recorded by Justin Bieber, I was still thinking about the cost
of gasoline. I found that the Peach State also has a lower gas tax than
Kentucky. As of this month, Georgia's fuel tax is $.2845 per gallon.

Now, the gasoline tax is not the only indicator that affects the cost of a
gallon of gasoline at the pump no matter where you buy it. Like so many things
affecting our everyday lives, the government's environmental regulations come
into play i our fuel costs. Please understand tHat we all want clean water and
fiesh air, yet the level of regulation is mind-boggling. The amount of money we
are taxed or charged in fees becomes a very large amount of money, yet we see
little to show a better quality of life in exchange for our hard-earned money.

Looking at Kentucky's current status, our state is one of the most costly in
which to do business. Whether a small company or a large-scale production
facility, Kentucky's legislature has followed right along with the national
trend of increasing environmental demands on businesses. Like Kentucky, libera
policy-makers in many states have dominated to constantly increase regulations
that affect traditiona Kentucky industries such as tobaccc and coal.

With all of the regulations and all ol the taxes placed on Kentuckians, we still
rank around #43 when it come: to studies tracking the "green' movement. I find
it amazing thai Kentucky is at the bottom of the list in which we should be at
the top and we find ourselves ranked at the top of lists where you'd think we
should rate poorly.

So, there you have it: two of the controllable factors that affect fuel prices
for you and me. Yet, while my family and I travelled back to Kentucky our
Governor and the Democrats in control were working overtime to increase our fuel
tax.

Representative C.B. Embry said it best in explaining the proposed fuel tax
increase. "On Wednesday we took up House Bill 445, which is the revenue portion
of the budget or, more commonly, the proposal on how we plan to pay for the list
of items in the budget. Those who crafted the bill placed a requirement to raise
Kentucky's gas tax 1.5 cents per gallon as soon as April 1 and also to increase
the 'floor,' or the minimum wholesale price so the gas tax will keep going up in
the future. I voted against this measure, as I do not believe increasing the gas
tax is fiscally sound policy and will hurt Kentuckians during tough economic
times."

It is sad to see these facts and then watch as officials elected to serve us
return home to spin their views in an attempt to explain why they voted as they
did. The vote on the fuel tax, like so many others, was an example of how
Democrats have dominated one chamber of our legislature when the vote count
revealed a 53 to 46 majority.

Sadly, this is a bold statement about issues that affect every one of us. The
fuel tax increase would hit the pockets of hard-working Kentuckians. The fuel
tax increase would affect our state even because it would be another in the long
list of issues making Kentucky less business friendly than our neighbors to the
south and north. Thankfully, when all was said and done, the
Republican-controlled Senate stopped this unnecessary policy that would intrude
on our lives and our livelihood.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2014 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           December 29, 2012 Saturday

Howard shakes off fine

BYLINE: Janis Carr REGISTER WRITER, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES



HIGHLIGHT: D'Antoni says big men are targets and that the Lakers center must
move on.


 NBA officials thought Dwight Howard hit Denver forward Kenneth Faried a bit too
hard and as a result hit his wallet similarly. The league fined Howard $35,000
for committing a type-2 flagrant foul during Wednesday's game against the
Nuggets, calling it "excessive."

"I guess I've got to foul softer," Howard told reporters at Friday's
shoot-around.

While Howard wasn't pleased with the fine, he said he was happy to have avoided
any sort of suspension after being ejected from the 126-114 loss in the third
quarter. Howard was called for the foul when he knocked Faried to the floor.

"That's the biggest thing. I'm disappointed to be kicked out of the game,"
Howard said. "That never happened since I've been in the NBA."

Howard said he needs to shake off the foul and fine and not allow it to affect
him in a "negative way to where I'm not playing hard and not doing what I can do
and just dominate."

"When I allow those petty things to get to me, it affects my teammates and we
lose games," he said.

Coach  Mike D'Antoni said Howard and the team need to move on.

"It's tough. He gets hit a lot," D'Antoni said earlier Friday. "Big guys
traditionally get hit a lot. When you're tired, you can get frustrated. That's
what happens. He has to watch it. Everybody does. It's not easy. It's part of
the game.

"The bad part of the game is he has to get through it. Shaq (O'Neal) had the
same thing. Wilt (Chamberlain) had the same thing. The Goliath has that. We can
debate it today, right or wrong. But that's what's happening."

Said Howard: "I just got to continue to play through it. Whatever it is, if the
guy is going my way or not my way. I have to find ways to affect the game and
not let the game affect me. I've been a victim of that for a while."

WILKES HONORED

Jamaal Wilkes played on three Showtime Lakers championship teams but rarely was
the star on a team full of superstars.

His smooth moves were overshadowed much of the time by teammates Kareem
Abdul-Jabbar, Magic Johnson and James Worthy.

But the player known as "Silk" stood in the spotlight Friday as his retired No.
52 jersey was raised to the rafters of Staples Center. Wilkes joined
Chamberlain, Elgin Baylor, Gail Goodrich, Jerry West, Abdul-Jabbar, Johnson and
Worthy as players whose numbers have been retired by the Lakers.

West, Baylor, Abdul-Jabbar and Worthy were on hand for the ceremony.

"These guys are all in the Hall of Fame but it says a lot about the Lakers'
tradition," Wilkes said before Friday's game. "It says that they've had some
awesome basketball players."

Wilkes was one of them. The unassuming small forward played nine seasons for the
Lakers, averaging 17.7 points, 6.2 rebounds and 2.5 assists.



jcarr@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jamaal Wilkes, left, was honored in a ceremony Friday night as the
Lakers retired the small forward's number.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

EPA Planning to Issue Health Advisories On Harmful Algal Blooms by May 2015

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Bethesda


Science Communication Network has issued the following press release:

The Environmental Protection Agency is aiming to issue by May 2015 drinking
water health advisories for cyanobacteria, the harmful forms of blue-green algae
that contaminated water supplies in Toledo, Ohio, and resulted in a weekend-long
ban in early August, an agency official said Sept. 29.

The agency is working on health advisories for microcystin L-R and
cylindrospermopsin, with plans to have them out before the season of the harmful
algal blooms begins next year, Betsy Southerland, director of the EPA Office of
Science and Technology with the Office of Water, told participants at a Clean
Water Act policy developments discussion in New Orleans.

All three forms of cyanobacteria, or harmful algae blooms, release toxics. In
particular, freshwater cyanobacterial blooms that produce highly potent
cyanotoxins are known as cyanobacterial HABs (cyanoHABs). These species are
capable of producing compounds that are hepatotoxic (affect the liver),
neurotoxic (affect the nervous system) and acutely dermatotoxic (affect the
skin), according to EPA.
States Urged to Develop Nutrient Criteria.

EPA currently doesn't regulate the cyanotoxins released by these algae, but it
has been encouraging states to develop numeric nutrient criteria for nitrogen
and phosphorus that fuel the growth of such algae in source waters.

EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy has declared pollution arising from nitrogen and
phosphorus to be a priority.

The discussion was held as part of the Water Environment Federation's Technical
and Exhibition Conference, which runs Sept. 27 to Oct. 1 in New Orleans.

Southerland said a contractor-led peer review of the health advisories had just
started.

Following Southerland was Peter Grevatt, director of the EPA Office of
Groundwater and Drinking Water, who said a combination of aging infrastructure
and threats to source water from nutrient pollution is a "very dangerous
combination " playing out in terms of public health.

Grevatt said there are 700 water main breaks every day, about 200,000 a year. He
referred to the Freedom Industries spill of a toxic chemical in West Virginia in
January followed by the contamination of drinking water supplies by harmful
algal blooms in Toledo in August.

He said he agreed with McCarthy that the contamination of drinking water
supplies in Toledo didn't come as a surprise.

Also on the panel was Benita Best-Wong, director of EPA Office of Wetlands,
Oceans and Watersheds, who said the agency had launched a public health campaign
to alert the public about the dangers of swimming and engaging in other
recreational activities with waters with harmful algae blooms.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       May 27, 2003 Tuesday Final Edition

The rest may be history: The West champion Mighty Ducks face the possibility of
having lost their competitive edge waiting for the East to be won. Randy
Youngman reports.

SOURCE: The Orange County Register

BYLINE: Randy Youngman

SECTION: Sports; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 918 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, California

ANAHEIM, California - And on the 11th day, when the puck finally drops, what
will happen?

Yesterday marked the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim's 10th consecutive day without
playing a meaningful game since sweeping the Minnesota Wild in the NHL's Western
Conference finals.

There is no way to know how the longest pre-finals layoff in the history of the
NHL's Stanley Cup playoffs will affect the Ducks in Game 1 tonight against the
East Conference champion Devils in New Jersey.

But precedent shows the past four teams that had at least eight days of rest
between the conference finals and Finals have gone on to win the Cup. The short
list:

1984 Edmonton Oilers: After an eight-day layoff, the Oilers defeated the New
York Islanders (coming off a six-game series) in five games.

1966 Montreal Canadiens: After a nine-day layoff, the Canadiens beat the Detroit
Red Wings (coming off a six-game series) in six games.

1952 Detroit Red Wings: After an eight-day layoff, the Wings swept Montreal
(coming off a seven-game series) in four games.

1949 Toronto Maple Leafs: After an eight-day layoff, the Leafs swept Detroit
(coming off a seven-game series) in four games.

Rest, as Ducks goaltender Jean-Sebastien Giguere has said, is a weapon.

But how much rest is too much rest? Will it affect a hot goalie more than a
position player? And how much will a long, physical seven-game series that
necessitated three round-trip flights to Ottawa take out of the Devils?

Those are the questions no one can answer at the moment.

But here's a hint the Ducks might have a slight advantage once they overcome
whatever rust they have accumulated: Shortly after Anaheim completed its
four-game sweep of Minnesota, the Wild announced six players will have surgery
in the next few weeks: forward Marian Gaborik (hernia), winger Andrew Brunette
(shoulder), winger Richard Park (shoulder), winger Jeremy Stevenson (knee),
defenceman Willie Mitchell (wrist) and goaltender Dwayne Roloson (shoulder).

What does that have to do with the Ducks-Devils championship series? Well, to
reach the conference finals against the Ducks, the Wild had to survive
back-to-back, seven-game series against the Colorado Avalanche and Vancouver
Canucks. It now appears the Wild had little left in the tank and was extremely
banged up when it was time to play the Ducks.

And with a record total of 21 days off between their three playoff series, it is
reasonable to assume the Ducks will be healthier and less drained than the
Devils.

As forward Steve Rucchin said after the Ducks' final practice Saturday at Disney
Ice, "Rest is never a bad thing."

Veteran Anaheim centre Adam Oates didn't sound convinced of that. He said he
thought the Stanley Cup Finals should have started Sunday at the latest, but
that really wasn't possible when the Eastern Conference finals went seven games.

"What's the advantage of winning (quickly)?" Oates said. "We're getting stale
and they're getting rest. I really wish we could be playing games right now."

Another danger of an extended layoff is the possibility of losing one's
competitive edge, especially considering the Ducks practiced for a week not
knowing whether they would play the Ottawa Senators or the Devils.

"It's a different feeling," Ducks captain Paul Kariya conceded. "We were kind of
preparing for both teams. But now it's much easier knowing your opponent. Now
it's easy to get excited; you could see that today in practice. We won't need
any extra get-up for the Stanley Cup Finals, that's for sure."

The layoff probably will affect individuals differently. How it will affect
Giguere, the hottest goalie in the playoffs, is of course a concern for the
Ducks. After setting a record by allowing only one goal in the four-game sweep
of the Wild, Giguere had to try to maintain his edge in practice drills against
his teammates.

ESPN studio analyst Barry Melrose said he thinks Giguere can't possibly be as
sharp after the 10-day layoff.

ESPN game analyst Bill Clement said Giguere is such a fundamentally-sound goalie
that it won't affect him as much, that he might even be able to keep the Ducks
in Game 1 until they get their legs back.

There's only one way to find out. It's time to drop the puck. Finally.

Giguere Takes Shots at Leno

While the Devils and Senators were playing Game 7 of the East Conference final
on Friday night in Ottawa, Giguere was too busy to watch.

He was taping an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno in NBC's Burbank
studio that aired later that night.

Though he looked nervous at times, shifting in his seat as Leno fired questions
at him, Giguere insisted he was more excited than nervous.

"I'm not used to doing stuff like that, but it wasn't too bad," he said a day
later. "Can't be afraid of screwing up."

In other words, doing TV is like goaltending?

"That's right," Giguere said, smiling.

Leno obviously needs to brush up on his hockey, because when Giguere came out on
stage, the TV host remarked that Jiggy didn't look like a hockey player.

"You have teeth and everything," Leno wisecracked.

To which a grinning Giguere retorted, "I'm a goalie. I've got a mask."

Giguere probably won't be invited back, because he was funnier than the famed
comedian.

When Leno asked Giguere if he always wanted to be a goalie, Giguere gave this
answer: "I was the youngest of five in my family, and they always put the
youngest kid in the net because he can't complain. So I'd go in there and
everybody would shoot at my head."

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Paul Chiasson, The Canadian Press; Ducks captain Paul Kariya
skates off the ice after practice yesterday in East Rutherford, New Jersey,
where Anaheim takes on the Devils in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup final tonight.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 29, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

Parking Lot Union Sets Strike Deadline; Walkout Would Cover 30% of Garages

Frank Swoboda, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 412 words


Unionized parking lot attendants yesterday voted to strike nearly a third of the
parking lots and garages in the Washington area unless a contract agreement is
reached with Central Parking Corp. by April 8.

Members of Local 27 of the Parking and Service Workers Union voted to authorize
their negotiating committee to call a strike if an agreement has not been
reached or significant progress made by the April date.

A strike by the 700 Central Parking employees would affect all area garages and
parking lots operating under the Central Parking, Diplomat Parking and Kinney
Systems names. Nashville-based Central Parking acquired Diplomat and Kinney last
year, giving it control over 30 percent of the parking facilities in the
Washington area.

Local 27 also represents 300 parking attendants at Penn Parking, Century Parking
and Altman Parking. A strike against Central would not affect those companies.

Roxie Herbekian, chief negotiator for the union, said that a strike would affect
all Central Parking facilities, but that the union would concentrate its
picketing and demonstration efforts in the District's downtown area, where
Central Parking also controls about 30 percent of the parking facilities.

Herbekian said the union has notified Metro of the strike possibility in the
event that extra buses and subway cars are needed to carry commuters who might
not be able to park downtown.

Central Parking has said it will use temporary replacement workers if necessary
to try to keep its facilities operating during a strike.

Last week, Richard Trumka, secretary-treasurer of the AFL-CIO, pledged whatever
help is necessary from the national labor movement. "We will support their
strike not just in words but in deeds should they vote to strike on Saturday,"
Trumka said at a news conference called by local labor leaders. "The AFL-CIO is
backing these workers 100 percent for as long as it takes."

Both the company and the union agree that 80 percent of the issues have been
resolved, including wages. The sticking point at the bargaining table is health
insurance. Central Parking is offering health coverage under its company plan,
which the union insists is too expensive for a largely immigrant work force that
earns $ 6 to $ 8.50 an hour.

Negotiations are scheduled to resume Thursday, when the company said it has
agreed to provide more information on optical and dental coverage.

Both sides said they hope to avoid a strike.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 17, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Document protects, affects our daily lives

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1278 words


Attorneys Caroline Kennedy, 33, (right) and Ellen Alderman, 33, are co- authors
of In Our Defense, the Bill of Rights in Action. The release of their book is
timed to the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights. They were interviewed by
USA TODAY's editorial board.

 Q: How did you get interested in the Bill of Rights?

KENNEDY: Ellen and I met in a civil rights class at Columbia Law School. It was
the bicentennial of the Constitution itself. A poll came out showing 59% of
Americans could not identify the Bill of Rights. That struck us because the Bill
of Rights is the part of the Constitution that most directly affects the
individual. It was written to protect the individual against the state, and it
affects our lives every day.

 Q: Do you get the sense that it would be difficult to get people to approve the
Bill of Rights today?

ALDERMAN: When people understand what it would mean to take away their rights
individually, when you explain why, for instance, the Fourth Amendment right to
be free from search and seizure is there - to keep the government from coming
into your home for no reason - then people care about it. They wouldn't be as
willing to give up their rights or to vote against the Bill of Rights today.

 Q: Why do we have to explain the Bill of Rights?

KENNEDY: The Framers of the Constitution did an amazing job of picking those
rights which were fundamental and are timeless. But there are new challenges.
Privacy is certainly one. The word is not mentioned in the Constitution, but the
state is more able to invade our privacy than ever, with new technology and
other things. So how are we going to address it? The principles are there, but
they are constantly being challenged by new circumstances.

 Q: Do most people know what their rights are?

KENNEDY: People know, ''I've got my rights. It's a free country. I can say what
I want.'' Everybody knows that.

 Q: And what do they find difficult to accept?

ALDERMAN: Because of the enormous crime problem, the criminal defendant area is
where some of the principles laid down 200 years ago may be having a problem now
with public opinion.

 Q: Which rights do they find most unpopular?

ALDERMAN: The Fifth Amendment - ''taking the Fifth.'' As far as we can tell,
that's the most unpopular amendment. People think that somebody who takes the
Fifth is automatically guilty - unless you're Oliver North.

 Q: Is there one amendment that's most popular?

KENNEDY: First Amendment.

ALDERMAN: Maybe not the press clause, but the free speech clause and the
association clause. People are surprised to find out that at one time they
couldn't gather with their friends to talk about politics. One of the things
people responded to is that in Eastern Europe, as democracy has been emerging,
one of the first things they did was commission a translation of the American
Bill of Rights.

 Q: While people don't recognize the words of the Bill of Rights, do they know
it in their hearts?

ALDERMAN: That's exactly what we found. People definitely know: ''I've got my
rights,'' as Caroline said. And they know that we have a freer country than
most. They know that there's free speech or that somebody can ''take the
Fifth.'' I don't even know whether people know that ''the Fifth'' means the
Fifth Amendment of the Constitution. As we talked to people, they gradually
started figuring out what they knew and what things meant to them. In their
hearts, they did believe this.

 Q: Can the Bill of Rights still apply in a society that's changed
so much?     ALDERMAN: That's the beauty of the way this is all

drafted. The Fourth Amendment protects you against unreasonable searches. To
James Madison that was somebody coming into your home. They had writs of
assistance then and the British Crown would just come in and take whatever they
wanted and use it against you. Searches now cover wire tapping, testing your
urine and blood for drugs. It'll probably cover DNA testing, pulling phone
conversations out of the air from remote phones. The Supreme Court said the
principle under the Fourth Amendment is that each American has the right to a
reasonable expectation of privacy. You're not confined, at least for the time
being, to the notion of a search in 1791 when the Bill of Rights was ratified.
The principles are so fundamental that it can adapt.

 Q: How far can individual rights go without threatening social order?

KENNEDY: The Supreme Court has said that we have to be most careful to protect
our rights in times of crisis and when the government's purposes are beneficent.
That's when it's easiest for the government to override them. People often will
support it because they feel that it's a patriotic thing to do. It's important
to remember that we can enforce the laws we have and still protect the Bill of
Rights. They're not exclusive.

 Q: What about freedom of religion?

KENNEDY: We had a case in our book that deals with freedom of religion, just as
we do about freedom of speech. Indians in Northern California were fighting to
save their sacred land, and the court laid down what may prove to be a very
important new principle in that case: There's no violation of your right to
freely exercise your religion unless the government is actually coercing you to
do something against your religion. So the Indians lost. Congress did eventually
protect their land, not for religious but environmental reasons.

 Q: A recent survey shows much less support for a free press than for free
speech. Why is that?

ALDERMAN: If it was taken during the Persian Gulf War, that affected people's
views of the press. It's the one area where the government would even think of
that kind of censorship or prior restraint because of the so- called national
security issues at stake. That is also the one area where the public is willing
to see the press restrained.

 Q: Does the Second Amendment guarantee the individual the right to carry a gun?

KENNEDY: ''The right to keep and bear arms'' means something different to the
public than it does to the courts. There is no right to keep and bear arms
pertaining to the individual.

 Q: Why are people so willing to protect their own rights but reluctant to
defend the rights of others?

KENNEDY: There is a sense of ''It's mine.'' And that's unfortunate. One of the
things that it's hardest to appreciate about the Bill of Rights and the First
Amendment is that it depends on a dialogue, a battle in the marketplace of
ideas. We have the obligation to add our own voice to the public debate. It's
not necessarily the orderly or courtly way of doing it. But that's the principle
underneath the Bill of Rights. It can be a scrappy, noisy process.

Q: What could threaten the Bill of Rights?

ALDERMAN: I don't think anything can. Flag burning was the first attempt to
alter the Bill of Rights in 200 years. There was quite the brouhaha, but when it
came down to it, it didn't pass and we don't hear anything anymore.

 Q: Is there concern that the Supreme Court is nibbling away at the Bill of
Rights?

KENNEDY: The more people know about this the more they'll realize how important
it is and be willing to stand up for it and protest when these things are taken
away. So while any of us may disagree with the outcome in any particular case, I
think it's something that we all have to really pay attention to and exercise.

Q: What did you learn from this project?

KENNEDY: We did come away with a very good and patriotic feeling about how lucky
we are to have a Bill of Rights and to live in this country and be as free as we
are.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

TYPE: Inquiry

Topic; BILL OF RIGHTS; See sidebar; Colonists wanted rights they didn't have in
England

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 29, 2010 Wednesday

Regional, seasonal factors said to affect propane, heating oil prices

BYLINE: Laura Oleniacz, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 956 words


Dec. 29--Ginny Walsh, secretary of Boones Truck Center in Havelock, said it was
the nearly $1 per gallon price difference between what two companies were
charging for propane that caused the business to switch propane vendors.

Her husband Danny Walsh, owner of the used truck center and a member of the
Havelock Board of Commissioners, said the couple was buying propane from Jenkins
Gas Co., and they switched to Deans Gas Co. in Beaufort. The two said they have
seen price differences among local vendors, as well as recent price increases
that some officials say are influenced by seasonal and other factors.

Ginny Walsh said on Dec. 14, she paid Jenkins $3.449 per gallon for propane to
heat their business. On Dec. 16, she bought propane from Deans that came out to
$2.46 per gallon, and at that price on Dec. 20.

For heating oil to heat their home on Nov. 9, she bought 147 gallons from
Jenkins at $3.379 per gallon. She called other companies at one point and found
that Fisher Oil Co. was charging $3 per gallon, Mallard Oil Co. was charging
$2.95, and Jenkins was charging $3.379.

She said she asked Jenkins not to deliver to them, but the company refilled
their tank on Dec. 22 at a price of $3.579 per gallon. Walsh said she
renegotiated the price to $3.

"I said, 'you guys are killing us,' " Walsh said.

Richard Rice, owner of Rice's Rentaland in Havelock, said he used to own Rice's
Gas and Oil Co. that sold both heating oil and propane to customers in the area,
but that company was purchased by Liberty Propane LP after Liberty also
purchased Jenkins Gas Co.

The Kansas City, Mo.-headquartered company Inergy LP's subsidiary Inergy Propane
LLC bought partnership interests in Liberty for about $223 million, including an
estimated assumed tax liability, according to a news release dated Jan. 4, 2010
on the website investory.inergypropane.com. Calls made to company officials for
comment were not returned Tuesday.

Rice said factors, such as changes in crude oil prices, can affect the local
prices of products like heating oil. Weather, which affects demand for the
products, and the quantity of product a customer purchases can also cause price
variation, he said.

Prices for residential heating oil and propane in the state were up in the third
week of December compared with last year, according to the U.S. Energy
Information Administration.

North Carolina prices for residential heating oil on Dec. 20 were up by more
than 45 cents to $3.04 per gallon compared with that period last year, according
to the administration.

For propane, residential prices in the state were up by about 39 cents to $2.921
per gallon compared with Dec. 21 last year.

Rice said he bought wholesale fuel oil from Fisher Oil Co. for $3.01 on Dec. 23,
which was up by about 30 cents from what he bought it for two weeks prior to
that purchase. He said he buys large quantities of oil -- in the
300-to-400-gallon range -- which affects the prices he gets as well.

"This time of year, it always, when it's cold like this, it goes up, just like
your light bill does," he said. "It will come back down when the weather gets
better."

For propane, Rice said he paid about $1.80 per gallon on Dec. 23 for about 325
gallons that he bought from Jenkins, about $1.79 for about 370 gallons on Dec.
20, and then $1.66 a gallon on Dec. 13.

"I get (that) rate because of the quantity," he said. "I also have a five-year
non-compete because they bought me out."

Tripp Mudge, president of Deans Gas Co. whose Beaufort office serves residential
and business customers from Havelock to the coast, also said there are seasonal
factors that affect product prices.

He said weather can influence price because of supply and demand, and he said
the greatest demand for propane occurs in December, January and February. In
addition, he said fuel prices can affect prices. He said increased diesel fuel
costs affect how much he pays to have his product transported.

Mudge also said he has noticed variation in the prices offered by vendors in the
area, which he said has gone on for about a year, and has had a positive effect
on his business. He said he has seen better than normal growth in new accounts
for his business.

"Some of my competitors are priced a little higher," he said. "I don't know
(why)."

He said Tuesday his prices were around $2.45 per gallon, but he said they can
vary depending on how much a customer uses per year, and the customer's payment
record.

"I set my margin, that is a fair, working margin that we've had for 50 years,"
he said.

Wendy Fisher, president of Fisher Oil Co., said prices for heating oil fluctuate
based on what her 11 different fuel suppliers are charging. She said from Dec. 1
to Tuesday, her lowest-priced supplier increased prices by about 24 cents, and
different suppliers' prices can vary by 10 cents.

Fisher said she did not know about prices her competitors were charging and said
home heating is not a growth area for the company, since she said some
homeowners switch to electric. She said fluctuations in supply costs affect the
prices consumers pay, but she said the company's profit margin has not changed.

"It's awful when you get to this time of year, and the price of heat and fuel go
up," Fisher said. "I hate it when they go up. I understand it hurts people. I
can't tell you what it's going to be tomorrow."

Laura Oleniacz can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at loleniacz@freedomenc.com

To see more of the Sun Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newbernsunjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Sun Journal, New Bern,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101229-NS-Regional-seasonal-factors-said-to-affect
-propane-heating-oil-prices-1229-20101229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2010 Sun Journal


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     NOVEMBER 4, 2001 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Heat coach Riley really does seem to have changed

BYLINE: Stephen A. Smith

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 1017 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Some coaches are just too difficult to like or root for. Their arrogance shines
unnecessarily. When called on it, they find fault with anyone and everyone
outside their inner circle. Bill Parcells and Brian Billick of the NFL fall into
this category, as do Mets manager Bobby Valentine, and, of course, Pat Riley of
the Miami Heat.

The saying for years has been: "To know Riles is to dislike him." Riley has done
nothing to make people feel otherwise. He wrote a book, The Winner Within,
although he hasn't won anything in more than a decade. He's been known as a
motivator, although the major reason anyone wants to stay in South Beach is
because, well, it's South Beach. But listening to Riley recently, it's almost as
if a change of heart should be in order, because he seems to have had a change
of heart himself.

He's still focused. Still fixated on winning. But it appears some introspection
has taken place, particularly after the Charlotte Hornets ramrodded his Miami
squad in the first round of the playoffs in April.

Following that destruction - the Heat lost by an average of 22 points per game -
Riley found it appropriately difficult to look owner Mickey Arison in the face
with visions of grandeur after spending $77 million of the man's money last
season and losing the way he did. He also found it difficult to continue
behaving the same way he has for years.

"I've taken a long hard look at what I do, not at myself," Riley explained just
before the regular season began. "I know what it is I am and what I'm about, and
how I go about it and how I teach it. And now that I have 13 new guys - there's
only two guys that have been with me for more than two years - I don't think
that I'll take the same approach as I did with all of the other guys. That's
refreshing and different for me. I'm not going to be the same coach for this
group as I was for the other group."

It means Riley will try to be constructive, but not too critical, coming across
as a teacher instead of as a dictator. Confident enough in his troops that he no
longer focuses so much on the eight-man roster that the last four to seven guys
on his squad feel like cooks instead of soldiers. To know Riley is to know
that's expecting a lot. But in this age of free agency and luxury taxes, he's
left with no other choice.

Times have changed drastically in the NBA. Marquee names are few and far
between, and the need for recruiters has escalated. Money is scarce and the
pressure to win has elevated dramatically. A losing season affects ticket sales.
Ticket sales affect bottom lines. Bottom lines affect a novice owner's view,
which ultimately affects a coach's job security. Riley has not had to worry
about keeping a job since he arrived in Miami, but he's smart enough to know
that one cigar puff on a golf course by Arison could change all of that.

Riley was lucky enough to acquire Alonzo Mourning when he got to Miami in 1995,
then players such as Tim Hardaway and Jamal Mashburn. One winning season after
another followed - but no championship, not even an Eastern Conference crown.

The Chicago Bulls represented the East in the NBA Finals the first few years
Riley was in South Beach. The hated New York Knicks were there in 1999, and the
Indiana Pacers in 2000. Last season, Larry Brown guided the 76ers to the Finals,
despite the fact that he arrived in Philadelphia with a worse team two years
after Riley was already situated in Miami.

When that happens, something is wrong somewhere. To Riley's credit, apparently
he sees that the problem was with him, and he's determined to fix it.

"I think the communication will be a lot different with me and the players,"
Riley said. "Constructive criticism is an oxymoron. When you use the word
constructive, it's about constructing something and building something up. And
when you use the word criticism, it's about breaking somebody down. So for now
on, I'm going to try and separate that and call it constructive communication.

"I think that's going to be a test for me because losing and performance has a
tendency to trip certain things in me that I don't like. So at least I'm going
to make an attempt to try and communicate with this team a lot differently."

Riley will have come a long way if he keeps his word. Somehow, if the Heat were
to tag right along with him, it would be a surprise to no one.

League notes. Rumors have swirled that the Lakers were upset at the league
office because commissioner David Stern elected to remain in New York on opening
night of the NBA season and sent deputy commissioner Russ Granik to present
their championship rings to them. Stern felt it would be more appropriate to
remain in New York in light of the World Trade Center catastrophe than be in Los
Angeles. Word out of L.A. was that coach Phil Jackson insinuated that Stern
wanted to stay to watch Jordan's return to the NBA, while the rest of the Lakers
annoyed the league office with their constant griping about Stern's absence. . .
. After watching Dallas' Dirk Nowitzki torch the Sixers for 30 points (and 13
rebounds) Thursday night, I've reached one conclusion: "Good" doesn't begin to
describe him. He's something special. . . . Speaking of the Mavs, owner Mark
Cuban had something very interesting to say about Jordan's return, and why
Jordan will not maintain the 20-to-25-point average some of us think will be
ordinary for him. "Jordan's a brilliant basketball player with a brilliant mind;
that's why he'll start doing less as the season progresses," Cuban explained.
"Since everyone knows the Wizards are not very good, they will inevitably start
losing games. Once that happens, Jordan will become sensitive to his own
product. Remember, these are his players. He'll recognize that the more he does,
the less they will be allowed to do, and that's only hindering the development
of his own players. He's too smart to miss that point, so he'll recognize the
need for them to develop and he'll lay off. Then his numbers will diminish."
Good point.

Stephen A. Smith's e-mail address is ssmith@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: On the NBA

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
GARY I. ROTHSTEIN, Associated Press
Pat Riley has been famed during his NBA seasons in Los Angeles, New York and
Miami as one of the most arrogant of coaches.

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 18, 2015 Monday

Demolition of fire-ravaged Green Ridge building affects school, cafe, office

BYLINE: Jon O'Connell, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 325 words


May 18--Demolition is due to begin today on a three-story apartment building in
Scranton's Green Ridge section that burned Saturday.

Crews will begin tearing down the building at 703-705 E. Market St. Demolition
will affect classes at the Robert Morris Elementary School nearby and business
at the office and bakery adjacent to the scorched structure.

The elementary school will be closed today per a contractor's recommendation
that there may be asbestos and other dust in the air during the demolition, said
John Marichak, Scranton School District acting superintendent. Robert Morris,
just up the street at 1824 Boulevard Ave., will also be closed Tuesday, along
with all district schools, for primary election day. That, Mr. Marichak said,
should give the dust a chance to settle before the children are back in school
Wednesday.

The fire broke out about 2:30 p.m. Saturday and ripped through the apartment
building, displacing nine residents.

Scranton fire inspector James Lunney said a candle that tipped over onto a
mattress started the fire. Water used in fighting the fire saturated the
building and caused severe structural damage, Mr. Lunney said.

Two buildings connected to the destroyed building were saved -- Cuppa Cake Cafe
on one side and NeighborWorks Northeastern Pennsylvania on the other.

There was no major water or fire damage to the cafe, but it is closed pending
the demolition and cleanup.

In a statement posted to NeighborWorks' Facebook page, President and CEO Jesse
Ergott said the agency's office space sustained "significant smoke damage" but
was structurally intact and had no fire or water damage.

The organization will temporarily close its offices during cleanup, but the
Paint the Town program will continue.

Contact the writer:

joconnell@timesshamrock.com, @jon_oc on Twitter

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150518-YT-Demolition-of-fire-ravaged-Green-Ridge-building-affects
-school-cafe-office-0518-20150518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

Legislator: Oklahoma education to affect small businesses, be a major state
issue

BYLINE: Jessica Miller, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


Nov. 20--At least one legislator believes education will be a focus in the next
legislative session, attendees of Lt. Gov. Todd Lamb's Solutions for Small
Business Summit learned Wednesday in Enid.

District 90 Rep. Jon Echols, R-Oklahoma City, said he believes education will
affect small businesses, as an educated, willing work force is being sought.

"I hear that as often as I hear work comp, unemployment reform, I hear, euro
[#x2dc]give me an educated work force ready to work,'" he said. "That is going
to be a major issue."

He has hopes there will be discussions on what reforms will be put in place and
how dollars will be invested, Echols said.

Echols also expects there will be continued movement on workers' compensation
and unemployment.

"What are we doing with implementation of both new laws? You've seen substantial
decreases in your costs," he said. "Actually, myself, for the first time ever,
my work comp costs went down."

When it comes to unemployment reform, Echols said he thinks the state has a
great set of laws.

"I also believe the best way to fix unemployment reform is to create more jobs,"
he said.

Echols said he attacked workers' compensation and unemployment compensation
issues when he joined the Legislature, when the unemployment compensation
precedents were not a user-friendly system.

Unemployment compensation has since been redefined, misconduct has been defined
and the system has been made easier for employers to use, he said.

"Those that are getting it, that don't deserve it, are not only charging you
more money, my constituents that justifiably deserve it are receiving less
benefits," Echols said.

He said one challenge is the system could be more user-friendly.

"To the average small business owner, what I'm hearing is we still have a long
way to go with plain language, easy to use, fair and balanced, where everybody
knows the rules of the game," Echols said.

Newly elected District 40 Rep. Chad Caldwell, R-Enid, said he is a small
business operator and noted Enid and northwest Oklahoma are driven by small
businesses.

"In small business, one thing that you come to realize pretty quickly is that
your employees truly are your greatest assets," he said. "So, trying to make
sure that we have a system that protects those greatest assets while at the same
time allowing you all the opportunity and the freedom to operate your business
in a manner that's not only productive to your bottom line but productive for
the community as a whole."

When questions were taken from attendees, one person said there appeared to be a
shortage of workers -- with people on unemployment -- and suggested
incentivizing those who are unemployed to move to locations and accept open
positions.

Another attendee addressed employees being given compensation, despite missing
court hearings.

Echols said there have been attempts to make related changes.

"I know of no other court proceeding where if I don't show I still can win," he
said. "Workers' compensation is a federal program that is administered by the
state. Because of that, we have certain compliance issues.

"One of the federal regulations requires that the burden be placed on
employers."

He said a compromise, that no other state has, was reached.

"We attempted, and this is very unique, an affidavit that would create a
burdenship," he said. "I don't know an employer that has tried to use it yet."

Echols said he is not positive it can be implemented effectively.

During the summit, Lamb noted a number of accomplishments in Oklahoma over the
past four years.

He said the state has led the nation in net job growth, has had the
second-lowest statewide unemployment rate of states with populations of two
million or more and has seen a 6.7 percent growth in manufacturing.

Exports also are on the rise, he said.

___ (c)2014 Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle (Enid,
Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141120-EK-Legislator-Oklahoma-education-to-affect-20141120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2014 Enid News & Eagle


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 6, 2014 Monday

COLA cuts to affect local veterans

BYLINE: Thomas Brennan, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Jan. 06--Cost-of-living allowances for military retirees have been put on hold,
but local politicians say they are fighting for their reinstatement.

As a cost-cutting measure, COLA -- the cost-of-living allowances that are used
to match military pensions with the rate of inflation -- has been cut by an
estimated $6.2 billion over the next 10 years and will affect military retirees
under the age of 62. The Ryan-Murray Budget Plan, which has passed the U.S.
Senate and House and includes the cuts, was backed by two North Carolina
leaders: U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan, a Democrat; and U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a
Republican. Since its passing, Hagan and U.S. Rep. Walter Jones Jr., a
Republican, have proposed legislation to repeal the provision that reduces
pensions.

Service members are eligible for pensions after 20 years of service. Additional
benefits also are available, such as disability compensation from the Department
of Veterans Affairs. In addition to service members who complete 20 years, those
who are injured also are eligible for retirement before the 20-year mark.
Cost-of-living allowances are part of individual retiree's current benefits.

"Washington has been paralyzed by partisan gridlock," Hagan said in a press
release on Tuesday. "While no bill is perfect, it is time for Congress to stop
the political games, end sequestration, and come together on behalf of the
American people."

Along with Sen. Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Hagan has introduced a bill to restore
the cuts. Hagan did not provide specifics on alternative budget cuts or comment
on whether medically retired service members will be affected by the COLA cuts.

But the president of the Onslow County Council of Veterans Service
Organizations, Prentis Campbell, said veterans are used to making sacrifices for
their country; and this is just one more that needs to be made.

"The most important thing is that we as service folks, we have always been able
to adjust," said Campbell, a 64-year-old Vietnam veteran. "This is not the first
time we've gone through something like this. As service members, we must back
our president and those who make our laws.

"This won't be the last adjustment we will have to make," he said. "Adjustments
are a thing of life."

President Obama, he said, identified that money needed to be cut from somewhere
and this is where the lawmakers decided to cut it, but that doesn't mean that
veterans can't make it work.

"This isn't the first time veterans have been affected by budgets and it won't
be the last," Campbell said. "You can live with it; it's not the end of the
world."

But if Jones has his way, his co-sponsored legislation will repeal the benefit
cuts entirely with two of the bills offsetting the cost through alternative
measures, such as closing a tax loophole for illegal immigrants and reducing
foreign spending. Jones added that an additional proposed bill would exempt
medically retired service members and surviving spouses from the COLA reduction.

"After all the sacrifices that our men and women in uniform have made ...it's
egregious that we would consider cutting the retiree benefits they have
rightfully earned," Jones told The Daily News on Monday.

Contact Daily News Military Reporter Thomas Brennan at 910-219-8453 or
thomas.brennan@jdnews.com Follow him on Twitter @ thomasjbrennan.

___ (c)2014 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140106-JN-COLA-cuts-to-affect-local-veterans-0106-20140106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2014 The Daily News


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 2, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEF: Power Outage In Downtown Grand Rapids Affects Variety Of Operations and
Workers

BYLINE: Robb Westaby, WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 203 words


Aug. 02--GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.-- A failed breaker at the Wealthy Street substation
pulled the plug for 750 Consumers Energy customers in downtown Grand Rapids
Tuesday morning.

Among those 750 customers were businesses, offices, and colleges.

* Topics

* WXMI

* Consumers Energy Company

The power outage began around 4:45 a.m., tripping fire alarms at several
locations. Power was fully restored by 8:30 a.m.

The affect of the outage varied widely. The JW Marriott hotel told FOX 17 News
that emergency generators assured no disruption of services to guests, but the
elevators didn't run for a while. But students at Grand Rapids Community College
reported that tests they normally would have taken on the school's Blackboard
system were delayed for hours because of the disruption.

The affected area was roughly from Cherry Street on the south to Pearl Street on
the north, E. Division Avenue on the east and Ionia Avenue on the west.

To see more of WXMI-TV, go to http://www.fox17online.com/. Copyright (c) 2011,
WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110802-5GR-BRF-Power-Outage-In-Downtown-Grand-Rapids-Affects
-Variety-Of-Operations-and-Workers-0802-20110802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5GR


                                 Copyright 2011


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    April 24, 1991, Wednesday, City Edition

Winning coach protests switch

BYLINE: DAVID KILMER

SECTION: BRANDON TIMES; TRACK NOTEBOOK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



To run preliminaries or not to run preliminaries: That was the big question
Western Conference track and field coaches asked as they prepared for their
championship meet last week.

    Leto coach Greg Thiel, whose girls team won the conference championship for
the first time, refused to accept the winning trophy in protest over the
situation.

    "There was too much indecision," Thiel said. "On Monday, at the coaches'
seedings meeting, we were told there would be preliminaries. Quite a few coaches
were against the idea and it was then reversed on Tuesday. Then on Thursday, a
day before the meet, it was changed back to having preliminaries.

    "It affects the kids. They keep asking, "Coach, are we going to be running
preliminaries or not?' It affects your preparation."

    In most cases, heat races help determine the outcome of sprints and hurdling
events. The two top finishers from each heat along with the next two fastest
runners advance to the finals. Basically, heats require athletes to run an extra
race.

    "It affects how you juggle your runners," said Bloomingdale's boys coach
Kelly Williams. "It affects who you're going to enter in an event. You need to
know ahead of time to figure out where to put your runners."

     Since the Western Conference was split into American and National divisions
three years ago, the conference championship meet has used heats to decide
winners.

    "I think the rules should be set in the beginning of the season," said
Williams, "rather than a week before the conference title." 6

   Triple threat: Shannan Wilson, of Tampa Prep, has a county-best long jump of
16 feet, 10 inches to go along with a high jump of 5-4.

    Wilson's 12.74 100 meters ranks her in the top five in the county.

    What a finish: The Western conference American Division girls championship
came down to the last race the mile relay.

    Brandon and Leto began the event tied at 62-62.

    Peggy Armand gave Leto the lead after the second leg and the Falcons beat
the Eagles by six seconds for the championship.

    "Brandon's and our mile-relay teams are just about even," Thiel said. "Ebony
Perkins wasn't having a good meet up to that point, but she came through. And we
were counting on Peggy's senior leadership to come through and she did."

    Big difference: Brandon coach Jim Graves credits half-miler Jay Giesy's
effort for being an important factor in the Eagles' American Division
Championship.

    "I thought the 800 meters was the swing in the meet," Graves said.  "Jay
started in lane eight, which means seven guys were seeded faster than him. He
ends up winning the event in 2:01, and we score nine points and Bloomingdale
didn't score."


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: BRANDON TIMES; TAMPA

                            Times Publishing Company


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Author, scholar Luis Fraga discusses the changing American voter during
President's Lecture

LENGTH: 1031  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Rice, The State of Texas  has issued the following news
release:



   The significant demographic changes taking place in the U.S. and how they
affect the electorate were the focus of Luis Ricardo Fraga's talk for the
President's Lecture Series. He presented "The Changing American Voter in 2016
and Beyond" Sept. 22 in Duncan Hall's McMurtry Auditorium.



 The significant demographic changes taking place in the U.S. and how they
affect the electorate were the focus of Luis Ricardo Fraga's talk for the
President's Lecture Series. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 The significant demographic changes taking place in the U.S. and how they
affect the electorate were the focus of Luis Ricardo Fraga's talk for the
President's Lecture Series. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 Rice President David Leebron introduced Fraga, the co-director of the Institute
for Latino Studies and the Notre Dame Professor in Transformative Latino
Leadership at the University of Notre Dame. Calling him "remarkable for many
reasons," Leebron noted that Rice is especially proud of the fact that Fraga is
a 1984 graduate of Rice with a Ph.D. in political science. Fraga also earned a
master's in political science at Rice in 1981.



 "He's actually the first Rice alum to speak as part of the President's Lecture
Series since Dr. Robert Curl spoke about the discovery of buckminsterfullerene
in 1997," Leebron noted. "I leave it to you to decide which is more complicated
- the structure of carbon 60 or the election of 2016," he said, prompting
laughter from the crowd.



 Fraga took the stage, pausing for a moment to thank Rice for giving him his
"academic voice" and providing the opportunity to develop that voice. He first
discussed the demographic transformations currently taking place in the U.S.,
noting that there have been substantial shifts in race and ethnicity, with
significant growth in particular from the Latino population and decline of
people of European descent.



 "What we see is perhaps, by 2050, we will no longer be a majority white
population," he said. "That's very different from where we were in 1970."



 In addition to the growth in traditionally Latino areas, substantial growth of
Latinos is taking place in the South, areas of the Midwest and the Pacific
Northwest. Fraga cited this as evidence that issues of demographic shift are
affecting local communities more than ever before. And although the country
continues to become more diverse, that does not necessarily translate to more
political participation across the board, he said.



 "We have a very interesting participation gap that actually seems to be growing
as our country becomes more diverse," Fraga said. He noted that there is almost
a 20 percent gap in voter registration between Caucasians and African-Americans,
and Latinos and Asians, even as the Latino and Asian populations in the country
grow.



 Fraga said that when actual voters are considered, the gap is even more
overwhelming, and this is another place of inconsistency with where the country
is moving demographically.



 "Only 58.7 percent of eligible Latinos are registered to vote," Fraga said.
"There are 12.2 million eligible but unregistered, and of those (who are)
registered, 81.7 percent vote."



 Fraga said that even though the changing demographics are not necessarily
reflected in voter participation rates, the behavior of these voting groups has
benefited both Democrats and Republicans and can still matter very significantly
in determining the presidency.



 "Elections are about numbers and margins, and even when you're not
participating at high rates, the margins that you have could determine the
outcome of the election," he said.



 Fraga said good examples of this were in 2008 and 2012, when Latino voters
overwhelmingly supported President Barack Obama. His opponents, Sen. John McCain
and former Gov. Mitt Romney (in 2008 and 2012, respectively), were not able to
build upon the success that former President George W. Bush experienced in 2000
and 2004.



 And while it may seem that Latinos and other nonwhite groups can increasingly
impact elections and that democratic responsiveness has increased, Fraga said
that this inclusion has interesting paradoxes, including situations where
political parties take the support of a specific group for granted or where a
demographic shift and electoral impact are identified as a clear threat to the
country (because of language, drains on social service, rule of law, etc.).



 "There's a way in which even having the growth and influence ... can then lead
to a reaction that further marginalizes these segments of our population,
despite the fact they are growing in terms of their percent of the population,"
he said.



 Fraga concluded that ultimately, nonwhite influence in electoral politics will
only increase as this percentage of the population grows, although this can be
impacted by inclusion paradoxes and how voters decide to exercise their right to
vote.



 "This election and the choices we are able to make may say more definitively
than anything else we might decide what our expectations are of our country and
what our expectations are of ourselves," Fraga said.



 Fraga is the author or co-author of five books and over three dozen academic
articles and book chapters related to elections, Latino politics, voting rights,
immigration policy and educational politics. He has published in the American
Political Science Review, the American Journal of Political Science and the
Journal of Politics. He has received 15 awards for his teaching, mentoring and
advising over his 30-year career as a scholar and professor. For more
information on Fraga, visit http://bit.ly/2cICHWz.



 Each year, the President's Lecture Series brings to the Rice campus a variety
of stimulating speakers on a range of topics. Rice offers the President's
Lecture Series as a means of enhancing the intellectual life not only of the
Rice community, but of the university's neighbors throughout Houston. For more
information, visit
http://professor.rice.edu/professor/president-lecture-series.aspx.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Author, scholar Luis Fraga discusses the changing American voter during
President's Lecture

LENGTH: 1031  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Rice, The State of Texas  has issued the following news
release:



   The significant demographic changes taking place in the U.S. and how they
affect the electorate were the focus of Luis Ricardo Fraga's talk for the
President's Lecture Series. He presented "The Changing American Voter in 2016
and Beyond" Sept. 22 in Duncan Hall's McMurtry Auditorium.



 The significant demographic changes taking place in the U.S. and how they
affect the electorate were the focus of Luis Ricardo Fraga's talk for the
President's Lecture Series. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 The significant demographic changes taking place in the U.S. and how they
affect the electorate were the focus of Luis Ricardo Fraga's talk for the
President's Lecture Series. Photo by Jeff Fitlow.



 Rice President David Leebron introduced Fraga, the co-director of the Institute
for Latino Studies and the Notre Dame Professor in Transformative Latino
Leadership at the University of Notre Dame. Calling him "remarkable for many
reasons," Leebron noted that Rice is especially proud of the fact that Fraga is
a 1984 graduate of Rice with a Ph.D. in political science. Fraga also earned a
master's in political science at Rice in 1981.



 "He's actually the first Rice alum to speak as part of the President's Lecture
Series since Dr. Robert Curl spoke about the discovery of buckminsterfullerene
in 1997," Leebron noted. "I leave it to you to decide which is more complicated
- the structure of carbon 60 or the election of 2016," he said, prompting
laughter from the crowd.



 Fraga took the stage, pausing for a moment to thank Rice for giving him his
"academic voice" and providing the opportunity to develop that voice. He first
discussed the demographic transformations currently taking place in the U.S.,
noting that there have been substantial shifts in race and ethnicity, with
significant growth in particular from the Latino population and decline of
people of European descent.



 "What we see is perhaps, by 2050, we will no longer be a majority white
population," he said. "That's very different from where we were in 1970."



 In addition to the growth in traditionally Latino areas, substantial growth of
Latinos is taking place in the South, areas of the Midwest and the Pacific
Northwest. Fraga cited this as evidence that issues of demographic shift are
affecting local communities more than ever before. And although the country
continues to become more diverse, that does not necessarily translate to more
political participation across the board, he said.



 "We have a very interesting participation gap that actually seems to be growing
as our country becomes more diverse," Fraga said. He noted that there is almost
a 20 percent gap in voter registration between Caucasians and African-Americans,
and Latinos and Asians, even as the Latino and Asian populations in the country
grow.



 Fraga said that when actual voters are considered, the gap is even more
overwhelming, and this is another place of inconsistency with where the country
is moving demographically.



 "Only 58.7 percent of eligible Latinos are registered to vote," Fraga said.
"There are 12.2 million eligible but unregistered, and of those (who are)
registered, 81.7 percent vote."



 Fraga said that even though the changing demographics are not necessarily
reflected in voter participation rates, the behavior of these voting groups has
benefited both Democrats and Republicans and can still matter very significantly
in determining the presidency.



 "Elections are about numbers and margins, and even when you're not
participating at high rates, the margins that you have could determine the
outcome of the election," he said.



 Fraga said good examples of this were in 2008 and 2012, when Latino voters
overwhelmingly supported President Barack Obama. His opponents, Sen. John McCain
and former Gov. Mitt Romney (in 2008 and 2012, respectively), were not able to
build upon the success that former President George W. Bush experienced in 2000
and 2004.



 And while it may seem that Latinos and other nonwhite groups can increasingly
impact elections and that democratic responsiveness has increased, Fraga said
that this inclusion has interesting paradoxes, including situations where
political parties take the support of a specific group for granted or where a
demographic shift and electoral impact are identified as a clear threat to the
country (because of language, drains on social service, rule of law, etc.).



 "There's a way in which even having the growth and influence ... can then lead
to a reaction that further marginalizes these segments of our population,
despite the fact they are growing in terms of their percent of the population,"
he said.



 Fraga concluded that ultimately, nonwhite influence in electoral politics will
only increase as this percentage of the population grows, although this can be
impacted by inclusion paradoxes and how voters decide to exercise their right to
vote.



 "This election and the choices we are able to make may say more definitively
than anything else we might decide what our expectations are of our country and
what our expectations are of ourselves," Fraga said.



 Fraga is the author or co-author of five books and over three dozen academic
articles and book chapters related to elections, Latino politics, voting rights,
immigration policy and educational politics. He has published in the American
Political Science Review, the American Journal of Political Science and the
Journal of Politics. He has received 15 awards for his teaching, mentoring and
advising over his 30-year career as a scholar and professor. For more
information on Fraga, visit http://bit.ly/2cICHWz.



 Each year, the President's Lecture Series brings to the Rice campus a variety
of stimulating speakers on a range of topics. Rice offers the President's
Lecture Series as a means of enhancing the intellectual life not only of the
Rice community, but of the university's neighbors throughout Houston. For more
information, visit
http://professor.rice.edu/professor/president-lecture-series.aspx.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      May 22, 2003 Thursday FINAL EDITION

Hickenlooper's holdings raise ethical questions Businessman would face dilemmas
as mayor

BYLINE: Mark P. Couch , Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 917 words


John Hickenlooper's extensive restaurant and real estate holdings  would create
a host of ethical dilemmas if the entrepreneur-  turned-politician becomes
mayor, ethics experts say.


As Denver's next mayor, Hickenlooper would oversee a city  government that
grants liquor licenses, hires restaurant  inspectors, sets parking-meter rates,
enforces no- smoking laws and  even reviews parade routes.


Experts in political ethics say Hickenlooper should provide a  detailed
accounting of his companies and business partnerships if  he is elected. He
should also avoid decisions that affect his  businesses.


'He would have to disqualify himself if it directly affects his  businesses,'
said Robert Stern, president of the Los Angeles-based  Center for Governmental
Studies, a nonprofit that researches  government ethics. 'There's a difference
if it affects the public  generally and his property specifically,' Stern said.


Hickenlooper insists that his ownership of seven bars and  restaurants
throughout Denver will not influence his decisions if  he's elected in the June
3 runoff.


'I'm going to do everything I can to make sure our decisions are  open and
transparent,' he said.


But his opponent, Don Mares, has pointed to Hickenlooper's stance  on a proposed
smoking ban in Denver restaurants as an example of  how Hickenlooper's business
interests trump the public interest.


Hickenlooper has said he opposes the ban unless every restaurant in  cities
surrounding Denver follows the same guidelines.


To protect against conflicts, Hickenlooper said he has already  asked the Denver
Board of Ethics to review his holdings and  recommend how he should handle them.
The board will not review the  question until after the election.


He has said he will put his business holdings in a blind trust,  which would
transfer decision-making to a neutral administrator.


The experience of other executives who move from boardroom to city  hall shows a
mixed record, according to published reports.


In Houston, then-Mayor Bob Lanier continued to negotiate private  real estate
deals after putting his holdings in a blind trust.  Lanier eventually
discontinued the trust and provided a detailed  disclosure of his company
holdings.


In Los Angeles, then-Mayor Richard Riordan helped win approval for  a rail
project that boosted revenue at a company in which he held a  major stake. In
published reports, Riordan said he didn't know that  the company would benefit
from the project.


New York's billionaire mayor, Michael Bloomberg, was required to  sell off as
much as $ 45 million worth of stock to comply with that  city's
conflict-of-interest rules. Bloomberg's stock portfolio  included 95 companies,
including some that hauled trash or handled  cash for the city.


Blind trusts are supposed to shield politicians from the day-  to-day decisions
shaping their investments. A trust officer trades  the stocks, bonds and other
assets transferred to the trust.


But a restaurant - even a brewpub - is not a liquid investment. The  ownership
doesn't change hands every day.


'It's a pretty complicated and knotty issue,' said Pete Maysmith,  executive
director of Colorado Common Cause, a watchdog group that  monitors governmental
ethics.


'We need to be careful in how we handle this,' Maysmith said. 'I  don't know if
it's good public policy to say you can't run for  office unless you sell your
business.'


One reason is that potential buyers will wait for the owner to  lower the price
if he is forced to sell.


'A savvy buyer will sit there and haggle over the price,'  Maysmith said. 'It's
like if you need to sell your house and  everybody knows you're under the gun.'


Buie Seawell, a professor of business ethics and law at the  University of
Denver, said Hickenlooper likely would have to step  back from any decision that
affects his restaurants. Any undue  influence that favors his business would be
obvious.


'If suddenly all of the sudden, all this free parking springs up  around his
restaurant, then people are going to notice that,'  Seawell said.


Seawell, who served as chief of staff to U.S. Sen. Gary Hart from  1982 to 1985,
said Hickenlooper should apply the 'direct effect  test' to his decisions if he
becomes mayor.


If a decision directly affects only his restaurants, Hickenlooper  should recuse
himself, Seawell said. But if the decision affects  all restaurants, he should
be allowed to speak his mind.


'He should argue what he thinks is best for the city,' said  Seawell, who calls
both mayoral candidates friends and declined to  say whom he supports in the
race.


Maysmith was more cautious, suggesting that Hickenlooper not  exercise his power
on matters that affect all bars and  restaurants.


Using proposals to change Denver's policy on smoke-free areas as an  example,
Maysmith said that policy could affect many bars and  restaurants. But,
depending on the final policy, Hickenlooper's  restaurants could be directly
affected.


Avoiding taking a position on such issues would avoid even the  appearance of a
conflict, Maysmith said, while allowing  Hickenlooper to lead on a host of other
issues.


"There are many issues that affect bars and restaurants,"  Maysmith said, "but
there's a whole lot going on that doesn't  affect bars and restaurants. A lot, a
lot, a whole lot."

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                             Wells Fargo & Company

                               420 Montgomery St
                            San Francisco 94104-1207
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


WFC is a diversified financial services holding company. Sound capital adequacy,
improved financial performance and broad product and service portfolio are its
major strengths, even as its substantial debts remains major area of concern. In
future, changing regulations, stiff competition in the market and interest rates
may affect its business performance. However, expanding cards and payments
channel in the US, strategic acquisitions and positive global economy may
present ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


SOUND CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Sound capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-à-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address bank stress tests
conducted by national regulators. Sound capital management initiatives and
moderate risk weighted asset (RWA) growth have enabled the bank to strengthen
its capital base. As of January 2019, banks will be required to meet new minimum
requirements of common equity Tier 1 ratio of 7%, Tier 1 ratio of 8.5%, and
total capital ratio of 10.5%, the threshold set by the Basel Committee on
Banking Supervision (BCBS). WFC reported common equity Tier 1 ratio of 9.4%,
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 12.4% and total risk-based capital ratio of
15.5% in FY2014, meeting the regulatory requirements. Prudent capital management
of the company strengthened its capital, which will enable it to withstand
periods of stress.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps the company to cater to the various
needs of the consumers. The company, through its subsidiaries, offers wholesale
banking, mortgage banking, equipment leasing, consumer finance, commercial
finance, agricultural finance, securities brokerage and investment banking,
brokerage services, and insurance agency, computer and data processing services,
trust services, investment advisory services, mortgage-backed securities
servicing and venture capital investment. The broad product and service
portfolio enables the company to cover diversified markets and attract
customers, which in turn will boost its revenue and market share.

IMPROVED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


WFC exhibited an improved financial performance during FY2014, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The company reported revenue of US$88,372 million
in FY2014 compared to US$88,069 million in FY2013. The increase in revenue was
due to growth in the interest income by 1% from US$47,089 million in FY2013 to
US$47,552 million in FY2014. Its operating income stood at US$33,915 million in
FY2014 compared to US$32,629 million in FY2013, representing an increase of 3.9%
over FY2013. The company's net income was increased by 5.4% from US$21,878
million in FY2013 to US$23,057 million in FY2014. This improved performance will
help the company to pursue its growth plans.


WEAKNESSES:


SUBSTANTIAL DEBTS


The company has substantial debts, which may adversely affect its operations.
WFC had US$247,461 million of outstanding debts as of December 2014 compared to
US$206,881 million of outstanding debts as of December 2013. The bank's total
debt grew with an annual growth of 19.6% over FY2013. The company's debt to
equity ratio also stood at 1.3 in FY2014 compared to 1.2 in FY2013. These
indebtedness increases its vulnerability to general adverse economic and
industry conditions, and limits its ability to obtain additional financing in
the future for working capital, capital expenditures, dividend payments,
acquisitions, general corporate purposes or other purposes; and places the
company at a competitive disadvantage with competitors who may have less
indebtedness and other obligations or greater access to financing.


OPPORTUNITIES:


EXPANDING CARDS AND PAYMENTS CHANNEL IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the positive outlook for the US card payments
channel. According to in-house research, the number of debit cards in
circulation is expected to increase from 679.7 million in 2014 to 797.7 million
in 2019 and credit cards in circulation are expected to increase from 575.2
million in 2014 to 622.5 million in 2019. The value of payment card transactions
in the US is expected to increase from US$5,583.8 billion in 2014 to US$7,082.5
billion in 2019. Growth is expected to be driven by stable economic conditions,
increasing urbanization and Internet penetration, increase in disposable income
and growing e-commerce market. WFC, a provider of payment cards in the US, is
well positioned to benefit from the growing trend.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


Strategic acquisitions of major players in the same and supporting industry will
expand the market reach of the company. In this direction, in October 2015, the
company signed an agreement to to purchase GE Capital's Commercial Distribution
Finance and Vendor Finance platforms as well as a portion of its Corporate
Finance business. This acquisition enables the company to strengthen its
presence in these markets and expand its commercial lending capabilities.
Previously, in September 2015, the company's railcar finance unit, First Union
Rail acquired GE Railcar Services from GE Capital. With this acquisition, the
company aims to become the second largest railcar and locomotive leasing company
in North America. Such strategic business acquisitions will help the company in
expanding its customer base, which in turn will drive its top-line performance.

POSITIVE GLOBAL ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the positive global economy. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of Emerging and
Developing Europe, Advanced Asia and North America stood at 2.8%, 1.6% and 2.4%
in 2014 and is expected to reach 3%, 2% and 2.7% in 2016, respectively.
Continued recovery in Asia, Europe and North America regions, declining oil
prices and favorable economic environment is expected to be the drivers of
growth. WFC, a provider of banking and other financial services across these
regions is likely to benefit from such positive economic growth.


THREATS:


CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in countries of its operations. Changes in government policy,
legislation or regulatory interpretation may adversely affect the company's
product range, distribution channels, capital requirements and, consequently,
reported results and financing requirements. These changes include possible
changes in statutory pension arrangements and policies, the regulation of
selling practices and solvency requirements. Thus, the changes in government
policies and regulations may have a negative impact on the company's growth and
expansion strategies.

STIFF COMPETITION IN THE MARKET


The financial services sector in the US is highly competitive. WFC faces
competition from both domestic and foreign banks operating in the country. It
competes with banking and non banking financial services companies offering
deposits, loans, cash management services, corporate lending, wealth management
services, private banking services and international trade services, among
others. A few of its competitors include Bank of America Corporation, Citigroup
Inc, Discover Financial Services, FirstMerit Corporation, J.P. Morgan & Co.,
Inc, National Bank Holdings Corporation, Ocwen Financial Corporation, The Bank
of New York Mellon Corporation, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc and U.S. Bancorp.
Intense competition from established players and consolidation of their
financial products could have a negative impact on the company's operations.
Such highly competitive market could adversely affect company's profitability,
if it fails to retain and attract new customers.

INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including the company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and
consequently the fee income earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing
interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the
principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are
highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the money supply and policies of
various governmental and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might
impact the operating performance of the company, as its income and investment
returns depend on the level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               September 22, 2016

                           Marianna Industries, Inc.

                                11222 "I" Street
                                  Omaha 68137
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Marianna Industries, Inc. (Marianna Industries) is a manufacturer of beauty
supplies. Broad product and service portfolio and strong R&D capabilities are
the company's main strengths, whereas lack of geographic diversification remains
major area of concern. In the future, rising counterfeit goods market, stringent
regulation and rising labor cost in the US may affect its growth. However,
growing demand for organic products, growing health and beauty market in the US
and increase in consumer spending in the US are likely to provide growth
opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO
The company offers a broad product ranges. Marianna Industries primarily offers
a complete range of makeup kits, shears, spa and massage products, manicure and
pedicure products, brushes, combs, cosmetics, fashion accessories, and hair
colors. It also offers electrical products, manikins, rods, rollers, stylist
supplies, barber supplies, educational material, furniture, and wet goods. The
company offers a full-line contract manufacturing services, which includes
research and development (R&D), packaging, graphic designing, label
capabilities, production, marketing support and fulfillment solutions for beauty
care industry. Broad product and service portfolio helps the company to cater
the diverse customer needs.
STRONG RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CAPABILITIES
Marianna Industries' strong research and development (R&D) activities further
enhance its portfolio of offerings. The company's research and development (R&D)
lab provides a unique blend of analytical and physical chemistry to develop the
quality product formulations. Its R&D library has more than 1,000 formulas for
almost every conceivable product in the beauty care industry. Strong R&D
capabilities enable the company to introduce new products, solutions and
services that meet its customers' needs and provide it a competitive edge.

WEAKNESSES:
LACK OF GEOGRAPHICAL DIVERSIFICATION
The company lacks diversity in terms of geographic reach. Though its products
are marketed to certain international locations, its operations are concentrated
in the US. Marianna Industries lacks international presence as compared to other
big palyers in the market such as John Paul Mitchell Systems, Inc., which
distributes its products in more than 80 countries including the US, Australia,
Germany, Italy, Mexico, Russia, South Africa, Switzerland, the UK and other
countries. Dependence on the US market makes Marianna Industries vulnerable to
economic, social, political and climatic instability in the region, which may
reduce demand for its products or disrupt the supply chain and may also restrict
its market share and growth opportunities.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWING HEALTH AND BEAUTY MARKET IN THE US
The company may benefit from the growing health and beauty market in the US.
According to an in-house research, the US health and beauty market was valued at
US$58,939.6 million in 2013 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 3.1% during
2013-2018 to reach US$68,544.5 million in 2018. During the same period the hair
care market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 1.1 % followed by makeup (2.4%) and
skin care (2.8%). Marianna Industries offers a range of beauty care products and
has strong presence in the US. Therefore, growing health and beauty market may
increase the demand of the company's products.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
Marianna Industries may benefit from the increase in consumer spending in the
US. According to a recent report by The US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), in
May 2015, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 0.5% or US$79 billion
and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.5% or US$65.5 billion. Also
the personal consumption expenditure (PCE) increased 0.9% or US$105.9 billion
during the same period. The real DPI increased by 0.2% and real PCE increased by
0.6% in May 2015. The company offers a wide portfolio of products under various
brands, which enjoy wide reach through its marketing activities in the US.
Growing personal income, disposable personal income and personal consumption
expenditures indicates improved consumer spending in the US, which may
positively affect the purchases of products and performance of companies such as
Marianna Industries.
GROWING DEMAND FOR ORGANIC PRODUCTS
Marianna Industries may be benefited from the growing demand for organic
products. According to Organic Trade Association's 2015 Organic Industry Survey,
the sale of organic products in the US grew by approximately 11.3% to US$39.1
billion in 2014 compared to the previous year. Sale of organic non-food products
accounted for 8% of the total organic market, with sales of organic fiber and
organic personal care products categories registering highest growth. This can
be primarily attributed to the growing interest in a healthier lifestyle and
increasingly critical attitude of consumers towards oil-based ingredients and
chemicals in skin and hair care products. The company may consider including
organic products in its portfolio and benefit from the growing popularity of
organic products.

THREATS:
STRINGENT REGULATIONS
Marianna Industries is subject to local, regional and global laws and
regulations in the diverse areas of trademarks, product safety, patents, product
claims, copyright, competition, employee health and safety, listing and
disclosure, the environment, corporate governance, employment and taxes. The
company's business is regulated by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
These agencies oversee compliance with the regulations outlined in the act. For
instance, in the US, the food, drug and cosmetics industry is regulated by the
Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The FDA oversees compliance with the
regulations outlined in the act. The FDA may conduct investigations and
examinations of products. It may also inspect establishments in which products
are manufactured or held, and may seize adulterated or misbranded products. The
FDA regulates products worth US$1 trillion per year and ensures the safety of
all drugs, biological products, medical devices, animal drugs, feed and all
food. Failure to comply with any of the laws and regulations could expose the
company to civil and/or criminal actions leading to fines, damages and criminal
sanctions. Also changes in laws and regulations could adversely affect the
company's business. For instance, regulations related to tax and their
interpretation changes regularly, which may lead the company to the risk of
unexpected tax exposure. The company has to incur significant cost to comply
with the regulations, which increase its operating costs.
RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS MARKET
Marianna Industries business may be affected as a result of huge influx of
counterfeit products. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise may lower the
company's sales and adversely affect its profit margins. As customers mistakenly
purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, the low quality of the
products affects consumer confidence and also, damages the brand image of the
company. Counterfeit products exist in various areas, such as food, clothes,
drinks, shoes, electronics, pharmaceuticals, auto parts, currency, toys,
alcohol, toiletries, cigarettes, and building materials, among others. According
to the estimates of International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the global economic
and social impacts of counterfeiting and piracy is expected to reach US$1,770
billion by 2015, which is equivalent to 2% of the world's total current economic
output. International trade accounts for half of the counterfeiting and piracy
and is expected to reach US$960 billion by 2015. Through low price offerings,
the imitated goods affect the sales of the branded products.
RISING LABOR COSTS IN THE US
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employee's results an increase in labor costs. The federal minimum
wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The
minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$7.3 per hour in January 2015. Also,
29 states and the District of Columbia have minimum wages more than federal
rate. These wages range from US$7.5 per hour in Arkansas, Maine, and New Mexico
to $9.5 per hour in Washington. As Marianna Industries primarily operates in the
US, such rise in minimum wages may increase its operating costs, which in turn
affect its profit margins.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
HISTORY

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Small fish eaten by bigger species protected on West Coast

BYLINE: Phuong Le; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 475 words

ABSTRACT

The federal government on Monday finalized rules for a West Coast ban on new
commercial fisheries for forage fish, the small fish that bigger fish, seabirds
and marine mammals depend on for food

FULL TEXT

SEATTLE >> Federal officials finalized rules Monday for a West Coast ban on
catching forage fish, the small fish that larger species, seabirds and marine
mammals depend on for food.

The ban on new commercial fisheries will protect little schooling fish that play
a critical role in the marine food web but that are not actively fished or
managed, the National Marine Fisheries Service said. It marks the first action
under a new approach to fisheries management that considers how one species
affects others in the ecosystem.

The ban does not affect existing fisheries for forage fish, such as sardines and
anchovies. It covers species including Pacific sand lance, silversides and
certain varieties of herring, smelt and squid. The restrictions apply to federal
waters from 3 to 200 miles off Washington, Oregon and California, and do not
affect fishing authorized by tribes.

Fishermen generally do not target forage fish in federal waters, and no West
Coast fishing boats are known to be considering efforts do so.

But global demand is increasing for their use in fish meal or oil to feed
livestock or farmed fish, which could put pressure on the species, said Paul
Shively, who directs West Coast ocean conservation efforts for the Pew
Charitable Trusts.

The protections represent a real change in the way ocean resources are managed,
conservation groups said.

"Instead of responding to a fishery crisis, they're being proactive," said Ben
Enticknap, senior scientist with the conservation group Oceana. "Too often,
fisheries start up and nothing is done to manage them in a sustainable way until
the population crashes and by then, it's too late."

The Pacific Fishery Management Council, which oversees fisheries for dozens of
species along the West Coast, adopted the ban last March by unanimous vote. The
NOAA published final rules Monday to implement the ban, which takes effect May
4.

Shively said he hopes the move clears the way for other regions and state
agencies to adopt similar protections.

Under the rules, commercial fishing for the small species cannot be developed
until the Pacific Fishery Management Council weighs scientific information and
considers potential effects to other fisheries, fishing communities and the
marine ecosystem.

The rules limit the amount of forage fish that could be caught incidentally
while fishing for other targeted species. It also includes provisions that allow
future experiments with targeting forage fish under certain conditions.

Glenn Spain, with the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen's Associations, said
protecting forage fish that are the basis of the food chain is "an obvious
no-brainer."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Small fish eaten by bigger species protected on West Coast

BYLINE: Phuong Le; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 475 words

ABSTRACT

The federal government on Monday finalized rules for a West Coast ban on new
commercial fisheries for forage fish, the small fish that bigger fish, seabirds
and marine mammals depend on for food

FULL TEXT

SEATTLE >> Federal officials finalized rules Monday for a West Coast ban on
catching forage fish, the small fish that larger species, seabirds and marine
mammals depend on for food.

The ban on new commercial fisheries will protect little schooling fish that play
a critical role in the marine food web but that are not actively fished or
managed, the National Marine Fisheries Service said. It marks the first action
under a new approach to fisheries management that considers how one species
affects others in the ecosystem.

The ban does not affect existing fisheries for forage fish, such as sardines and
anchovies. It covers species including Pacific sand lance, silversides and
certain varieties of herring, smelt and squid. The restrictions apply to federal
waters from 3 to 200 miles off Washington, Oregon and California, and do not
affect fishing authorized by tribes.

Fishermen generally do not target forage fish in federal waters, and no West
Coast fishing boats are known to be considering efforts do so.

But global demand is increasing for their use in fish meal or oil to feed
livestock or farmed fish, which could put pressure on the species, said Paul
Shively, who directs West Coast ocean conservation efforts for the Pew
Charitable Trusts.

The protections represent a real change in the way ocean resources are managed,
conservation groups said.

"Instead of responding to a fishery crisis, they're being proactive," said Ben
Enticknap, senior scientist with the conservation group Oceana. "Too often,
fisheries start up and nothing is done to manage them in a sustainable way until
the population crashes and by then, it's too late."

The Pacific Fishery Management Council, which oversees fisheries for dozens of
species along the West Coast, adopted the ban last March by unanimous vote. The
NOAA published final rules Monday to implement the ban, which takes effect May
4.

Shively said he hopes the move clears the way for other regions and state
agencies to adopt similar protections.

Under the rules, commercial fishing for the small species cannot be developed
until the Pacific Fishery Management Council weighs scientific information and
considers potential effects to other fisheries, fishing communities and the
marine ecosystem.

The rules limit the amount of forage fish that could be caught incidentally
while fishing for other targeted species. It also includes provisions that allow
future experiments with targeting forage fish under certain conditions.

Glenn Spain, with the Pacific Coast Federation of Fishermen's Associations, said
protecting forage fish that are the basis of the food chain is "an obvious
no-brainer."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Torrance Daily Breeze (California)

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Small fish eaten as prey protected on West Coast

BYLINE: Phuong Le The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 226 words


SEATTLE >> Federal officials finalized rules Monday for a West Coast ban on
catching forage fish, the small fish that larger species, seabirds and marine
mammals depend on for food.

The ban on new commercial fisheries will protect little schooling fish that play
a critical role in the marine food web but that are not actively fished or
managed, the National Marine Fisheries Service said. It marks the first action
under a new approach to fisheries management that considers how one species
affects others in the ecosystem.

The ban does not affect existing fisheries for forage fish, such as sardines and
anchovies. It covers species including Pacific sand lance, silversides and
certain varieties of herring, smelt and squid. The restrictions apply to federal
waters from 3 to 200 miles off Washington, Oregon and California, and do not
affect fishing authorized by tribes.

Fishermen generally do not target forage fish in federal waters, and no West
Coast fishing boats are known to be considering efforts do so.

But global demand is increasing for their use in fish meal or oil to feed
livestock or farmed fish, which could put pressure on the species, said Paul
Shively, who directs West Coast ocean conservation efforts for the Pew
Charitable Trusts.

The protections represent a real change in the way ocean resources are managed,
conservation groups said.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            November 22, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Medicare cuts may affect equipment;
Suppliers of home-care products in Maine worry about the impact on their
businesses and customers.

BYLINE: J. HEMMERDINGER Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


Maine companies that sell home medical equipment say health insurance changes
may force them out of business and could affect the seniors who use their
products.

In January, the federal government will begin cutting Medicare reimbursements to
so-called durable medical equipment providers, those who sell and service
home-use oxygen tanks, wheelchairs and walkers. Although the cuts won't
initially affect Maine, the changes may eventually lead to reduced
reimbursements in the state, according to people familiar with the industry.

''We anticipate that the quality of the equipment and the number of services
previously provided, such as access to respiratory therapists, will be
reduced,'' said Karyn Estrella, executive director of the New England Medical
Equipment Dealers Association, which represents 25 Maine-based suppliers.

''We see this as a train wreck. It will hit Maine,'' said Jim Greatorex,
president of Black Bear Medical, an equipment supplier with offices in Portland,
Bangor and Greenland, N.H.

The industry says it has suffered from dwindling Medicare reimbursements for a
decade, including a 9.5 percent Medicare cut a few years ago and a 50 percent
drop in oxygen care reimbursements. Companies also complain of onerous
accreditation requirements.

Estrella said companies affected in Maine are mostly small businesses with
revenue under $5 million.

''We are seeing a big impact financially. We are struggling,'' said Gayle Allen,
manager of Machias Home Health.

Another company, Alpha One, which has offices in Portland, left the business
after the last round of Medicare cuts.

''It had been going on for a while and it was getting worse. When Medicare made
the last cut, we said, 'That is it,' '' said Paul Chamberlain, chief financial
officer at Alpha One.

Chamberlain said the decision was also prompted by troubles with MaineCare,
which was slow to reimburse. The company still operates a nonprofit arm helping
people with disabilities.

Majors Mobility, another equipment supplier, closed its Scarborough store last
year. Though the economy played a role, the ''kiss of death'' was the 9.5
percent Medicare cut, said owner Tyrrell Hunter. Majors still has a store in
Topsham.

In January 2011, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services will cut
reimbursements on some medical equipment an average of 32 percent as part of a
new competitive bidding program. The program is expected to save $28 billion
over 10 years and reduce fraud. It will launch in nine cities.

Although Maine isn't directly affected, business owners fear fallout. They say
private insurers, which tend to use Medicare as a benchmark, may drop their
reimbursement rates.

''It is not a level playing field. You have some huge providers that can bid a
lot more competitively,'' said Michael Nadeau, president and CEO of Bedard
Medical Equipment & Supplies in Lewiston.

Also, because medical equipment companies deliver products to homes, rural
providers are at a disadvantage.

''It costs more in Maine to take care of beneficiaries,'' said Estrella.
''Boston trucks can make 10 stops per day. But in Maine, they can only make two
or three stops.''

Greatorex said the new bidding process will create a ''race to the bottom for
the lowest quality products'' and may lead companies to fail, possibly leaving
patients in rural areas without local providers.

But nonprofit groups that work with elderly patients are not overly concerned.

''I don't think it will have a huge impact. They are trying to bring savings to
Medicare,'' said Connie Jones, director of community service for SeniorsPlus, a
Lewiston-based nonprofit that helps the elderly live independently. ''In our
area, nobody has complained to us at this point.''

Steve Farnham, executive director of Aroostook Area Agency on Aging, is often
astounded at home medical equipment prices.

''If you could see the costs that get passed on to Medicare by durable medical
equipment providers, I don't feel any sympathy. What makes it that expensive?''
he asked.

Farnham added, ''We haven't heard anything from consumers. And if consumers are
being impacted, we would hear very quick.''


Staff Writer Jonathan Hemmerdinger can be contacted at 791-6316 or at:

jhemmerdinger@mainetoday.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 MaineToday Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                             Century Bancorp, Inc.

                                 400 Mystic Ave
                               Medford 02155-6316
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Century is a holding company, providing commercial and retail banking services
through its wholly owned subsidiary, Century Bank and Trust Company. The
company's broad product and service portfolio, strong capital adequacy and
increase in total deposits are the major strengths, even as its limited
geographic presence and decrease in cash position remain major areas of concern.
In future, fluctuations in interest rates, changing regulations and increase in
compliance costs may impact the company's performance. However, positive outlook
for the US card payments channel and booming mortgage market in the US are
likely to provide new growth avenues to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Century's board product and service portfolio is a major strength.. The company,
through its subsidiary Century Bank and Trust Company, provides banking products
and services to commercial enterprises, state and local governments and
agencies, nonprofit organizations, and individuals in Massachusetts. Its product
portfolio comprises of checking accounts, savings accounts, money market
accounts, home loans, personal loans, mortgage loans, auto loans, term loans and
construction loans. It also offers debit cards, certificates of deposits, lines
of credit and individual retirement accounts. The company offers services such
as wire transfers, merchant services, automatic loan payments, cash management
services, internet banking and investment services. Such a broad product and
service portfolio enables the company to cover diversified markets and attract
maximum number of customers, which in turn will boost its revenues and market
share.

STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address bank stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. The good capital management has
enabled the company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required
to maintain a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.0% and total capital ratio of
8.0%. However, it reported Tier 1 capital ratio of 11.5% and total capital ratio
of 12.5% in FY2015, surpassing the requirements. Such a healthy capital
management strengthens its business profile among the customers and investors.

INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increase in total deposits of the company ensures strong confidence of its
customers. Century exhibited an increase in its total deposits in FY2015.The
company reported total deposits of US$3,075 million in FY2015. The company's
total deposits grew with an annual growth of 12.3% over FY2014. This increase in
total deposits was primarily due to the increase in demand deposits, money
market accounts and time deposits. Such increase in total deposits strengthens
the company's financial position.


WEAKNESSES:


LIMITED GEOGRAPHIC PRESENCE


Limited geographic presence increases the business risks of the company. The
company's operations are concentrated only in the U.S. The company's dependence
on a single region for its revenues may affect its business operations, if the
region experiences any political and economical change. This also acts as an
obstacle for the expansion plans of the company, as wider reach in terms of
geography would mean reaping more benefits, eventually improving the profit
margins, attaining economies of scale and recognition on a worldwide basis.

DECREASE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and cash
equivalents declined from US$59.9 million at the end of FY2013 to US$43.4
million at the end of FY2014, representing a decline of 27.7%. Decline in cash
and cash equivalents may be due to decreased value of its short-term asset
holdings such as short-term government bonds, marketable securities, and weak
cash inflow.


OPPORTUNITIES:


BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the mortgage originations stood at US$1,261 billion in 2014
and it is expected to reach US$1,347 billion by 2018. This is likely to enhance
the demand for mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn
driving its top-line performance.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The bank stands to benefit from the growing cards payment channel in the US.
According to in-house research, in terms of number of cards in circulation, is
expected to reach 1,444.9 million in 2019, volume of cards is expected to reach
107 billion in 2019, and transaction value is expected to reach US$7,082.5
billion in 2019. In terms of number of debit and credit card in circulation it
is expected to reach 797.7 million and 24.7million respectively, in terms of
transaction volume debit and credit card is expected to reach 72.7 million and
1.7 billion respectively and in terms of transaction value, the debit and credit
card is expected to reach to US$3.5 trillion and US$182.1 billion in 2019
respectively. Market recovering from recession, changing regulation and increase
in alternate payment instruments are expected to be the key drivers for the
growth of card payment channel. The bank provider of debit and credit card, in
the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The growing economy in the US is likely to provide new growth opportunities for
the bank. According to International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of
the US stood at 2.5% in 2015. It is expected to reach 2.6% in 2017. Growing
housing and labor markets, improving dollar, declining unemployment rate and
increasing the ease of doing business are some of the key drivers for the
growth. The growth in the US economy may result in higher demand for the bank's
products and services. As a provider of banking products and services in the US,
the company is well placed to benefit from this.


THREATS:


CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Increase in compliance costs may impact the company's operations. Compliance
costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the company's
operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased compliance costs
and additional regulations. The compliance burden on companies has probably been
increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises. The Basel
Committee on Companying Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the Institute
of International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued reports reflecting the
changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The Federal
Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to guard
consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and exert extra
pressure on companies, which are already working on improving their own
governance processes.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increases in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Texas: Study evaluates exposure, adaptation to how climate change affects North
American rangelands

LENGTH: 475  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas A&M University, The State of Texas has issued the following news release:

A group of eight U.S. scientists, including Texas A&M University's Dr. David
Briske and Dr. Bruce McCarl, recently published two assessments that identify
trends and projections for rangeland effects of climate change and evaluate
adaptation strategies.

"These papers offer an objective, comprehensive assessment of climate trends and
contingency planning as it relates to North American rangelands," said Briske, a
professor in the department of ecosystem and science management at Texas A&M.

Changes in mean climatic trend and increased variability will affect the ability
of rangelands to provide ecosystem services and support human livelihoods, but
in varied and geographically specific ways, Briske said.

Climate models project that the U.S. Southwest and Southern Plains will become
warmer and drier. The Northwest will become warmer and drier during summer and
experience less snowpack in winter. The northern United States and southern
Canada are projected to become warmer and wetter.

"Such developments will affect rangeland enterprises  and productivity," said
McCarl, a Texas A&M AgriLife Research economist.

The interacting effects of atmospheric warming, increased carbon dioxide
concentrations, and modified precipitation patterns will modify fire regimes,
soil carbon content, and forage quantity and quality, according to the
scientists. This will, in turn, affect livestock production, plant community
composition, and the distribution of plant, animals, and diseases.

Human actions to minimize negative impacts and to capture potential
opportunities need to be geographically specific to effectively contend with
these varied consequences, according to the authors. The study authors also
indicate that specific actions to increase carbon sequestration are not an
economically viable mitigation strategy because carbon uptake is limited by low
and variable precipitation.

However, they concluded, numerous adaptation strategies, including changing
perceptions of risk, greater flexibility in production systems and policy
changes to emphasize climatic variability rather than consistency will prove
highly valuable.

Livestock production systems also will need to adjust as a result of changing
environmental conditions, according to the scientists. Some of the adaptations
specific to livestock production may include flexible herd management,
alternative livestock breeds or species, innovative pest management, modified
enterprise structures and, in extreme cases, relocation. Increasing awareness of
and preparedness for changing climatic trends and increasing climatic
variability will promote both the supply of ecosystem services and the
maintenance of human livelihoods in future climates.

For further information please visit: http://tamutimes.tamu.edu/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Jaffrey tax increase will affect residents differently

BYLINE: Melissa Proulx, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Oct. 21--JAFFREY -- Based on a recent revaluation, Jaffrey's tax rate might go
up 13 percent in the coming months, according to Town Manager David Caron. But
the effects on taxpayers will vary based on the updated assessed values of their
homes.

The town's tax rate may rise from $29.45 in 2014 to about $33 this year, per
$1,000 in assessed value, Caron said. This means that on a home assessed at
$200,000, the tax bill would increase from $5,890 to $6,660.

The new tax rate will affect residents differently, though -- some will see an
increase while others won't. This is based on their individual property values
and how those may or may not have changed from the revalution.

"A vast majority will really see no impact on their taxes," Caron said.

Done by Municipal Resources, Inc., a Meredith-based consulting service for New
England communities, the revaluation found the value of properties in town was
about 11 percent lower than it was a few years ago, Caron said.

A revaluation does not increase the amount of taxes the town needs to raise,
according to Caron.

Overall value and the tax rate have an inverse relationship, Caron said. Each
year, the state sets the town's commitment for how much it needs to collect in
taxes for the year to fund the town budget. The overall tax rate is made up of
the town, the school and the county portions.

Residents must contribute to the amount based on their assessed property values.

If the property valuation in town goes down, this means that residents must pay
more to make sure that commitment is met, Caron said.

The only thing that could prevent the tax rate from increasing if the overall
property value declines is if the tax base increases, he said.

Right now, he said he's waiting to hear back from the state about Jaffrey's
MS-1, which is the finalized assessed value of the town.

Once that is in -- which Caron expects to be sometime this week -- he said town
officials will be able to find out the exact rate increase.

The new rate, once approved, would be reflected in the 2015 fall tax bills,
which are due Dec. 1, Caron said.

Caron, who has worked as the town administrator for the past two years, said he
wasn't sure how or if the tax rate changed in 2010, when the last revaluation
was done.

In the past, Jaffrey's tax rate has been comparable to other nearby communities,
Caron said.

For example, Peterborough, which had a similar town property value and tax
commitment in 2014 to Jaffrey's, had a tax rate of $30.56, according the N.H.
Department of Revenue Administration data.

Melissa Proulx can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1409, or
mproulx@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MProulxKS.

___ (c)2015 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151021-KN-Jaffrey-tax-increase-will-affect
-residents-differently-1021-20151021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2015 The Keene Sentinel


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 2, 2001 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

WORD ON THE STREET

BYLINE: Compiled By Molly Corso

SECTION: SOUTH POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 134 words


Question: Ads once aimed at women now seem to be aimed at men, such as for diet
pills, body image and magazines. Have you noticed the ads? What do you think the
effect on men will be?

"I can't say that I read a lot of those men's magazines but I do notice the
ads."

David Thompson, 27, Oakville

Teacher

"I really don't think it will affect men the way it affects women. I don't have
a male partner, so the ads don't affect me."

Lara Wolfe, 27, St. Louis Hills

Galleria employee

"I really haven't noticed a difference, but I think in the long run it will
affect men's perception of themselves."

Tiara Malone, 14, St. Louis

Student

"I still see more women's magazines. Go to the bookstore and look. For men they
just have bodybuilding and wrestling."

Dewyne Nolan, 35, Soulard

Custodian

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo headshots - David Thompson, Lara Wolfe, Tiara Malone,
Dewyne Nolan

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 11, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition

Race, culture may affect quality of health care;
 Poorer outcomes: Study says lack of communication, trust at fault in
minorities' experience.

BYLINE: Lillian Lee Kim, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Features; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 481 words

Race and gender significantly affect the quality of doctor-patient relationships
--- and, consequently, may affect the quality of health care patients receive,
according to a new study led by researchers at Johns Hopkins University in
Baltimore.

The study concludes that African-Americans and other minorities are much less
likely than whites to say their doctors involve them in health-care decisions.

Such involvement is important, doctors say, because clear communication between
doctors and patients can affect health outcomes. For doctors to make accurate
diagnoses, patients must feel comfortable talking with them. And patients must
trust doctors enough to comply with recommended treatments.

The study confirms what many doctors have believed --- that cultural differences
are partly to blame for lower-quality health care among certain groups.

"This is a groundbreaking study," said Dr. Stephen Thomas, director of the
Institute of Minority Health Research at Emory University's School of Public
Health. "We are now faced with a situation where African-Americans are suffering
from diseases that are totally preventable, and dying from conditions that are
the result of chronic diseases that can be prevented."

African-Americans, Native Americans and Latinos all have higher rates than
whites of certain preventable diseases, such as diabetes and hypertension.

Study researchers concluded that medical schools and physician organizations
should place greater emphasis on cross-cultural communication.

"Doctors must know enough about the culture and lifestyle of their patients as
well as about the disease itself in order to provide competent diagnoses and
treatment," said Dr. Gary C. Dennis, president of the National Medical
Association, an organization of African-American physicians.

"There needs to be more focus on the doctor-patient relationship," said Dr. Lisa
Cooper-Patrick, the study's lead author and an assistant professor of medicine
at Johns Hopkins.

Researchers also commented that more minority health-care professionals are
needed. But the number of minority students in U.S. medical schools is
declining, Dennis said.

"Today we see a shrinking number of African-American and other minority
physicians," he said. "That number is becoming smaller because of anti-
affirmative-action movements at universities."

Gender plays a role in doctor-patient relationships, the study found, in that
patients say female doctors do a better job involving them in care decisions
than do male doctors. Other recent studies show that women physicians exhibit
more sympathy, ask more questions and give more information than their male
colleagues.

The study, published in today's issue of The Journal of the American Medical
Association, was based on telephone surveys of 1,816 adults who belong to a
Washington-area managed-care organization.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Fitchburg City Council hopeful Paul Beauchemin: 'Ordinary guy concerned about
the city'

BYLINE: By Alana Melanson, amelanson@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 480 words


FITCHBURG -- Belief, pride and perception.

Those are the three key words Paul Beauchemin is focusing on in his bid to be a
city councilor from Ward 2. He said they stand for:

n Believing in the city and that change is possible.

n Having pride in the city and its neighborhoods.

n Working to turn around the negative perception of Fitchburg.

"It's going to take a team effort," he said. "Everybody has to do their part."

Beauchemin said he will work hard for Ward 2, but that issues that affect one
neighborhood affect the city as a whole.

"If the major arteries throughout the city are cluttered with litter and debris
and our sidewalks look like a forest, it affects us. It affects you and I,
somehow, in the resale of our property or in the perception of the city of
Fitchburg."

Born and raised in Fitchburg, Beauchemin said he has lived in Cleghorn for all
but one year of his life, when he lived in Lunenburg as a young bachelor. He
said the city's good people are what brought him back to stay and raise his
family here.

Beauchemin is calling for residents to take pride in their own properties and
work together to keep streets and neighborhoods clean. He said residents need to
get to know one another and communicate more, stop hiding behind their tall
fences and putting on blinders to the problems, and take an interest in the
city's youth to keep them from getting into trouble and taking drugs.

He hopes to hire more police and to have a greater police presence in Cleghorn,
to create a better relationship between residents and law enforcement, and to
begin to root out crime problems before they begin.

Beauchemin believes a focus on quality education will be one of the major pieces
in helping to turn the city around, and that the success of the city's schools
will begin to attract more residents, which in turn will help to attract more
industry.

"When you have a winning team, people come to a winning team," he said. "When
people come, stores come. When stores come, different things happen."

If more industry is to come to the city, Beauchemin said, there needs to be a
skilled workforce ready to take on the jobs it would bring. When he was unable
to find a job after high school, he said he went to City Hall and was given an
opportunity to attend a Worcester trade school for a year, and has since worked
for 40 years thanks to the skills he gained from that experience.

Beauchemin said he wasn't "college material," and there needs to be
opportunities for such kids through partnering with vocational schools and
creating apprenticeship programs.

He said the city faces many issues, but he won't make promises he doesn't know
he can keep. "I'm not a politician. I'm just an ordinary guy that's concerned
about the city of Fitchburg -- an ordinary guy that's hoping he can make a
difference."

Follow Alana Melanson atfacebook.com/alanasentinel or on Twitter @alanamelanson.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fitchburg Ward 2 City Council candidate Paul Beauchemin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                              M&T Bank Corporation

                                 One M&T Plaza
                               Buffalo 14203-2309
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


M&T is a bank holding company based in the US, offering various banking and
financial products and services through its subsidiaries. Increase in total
deposits, broad product and service portfolio and strong financial performance
are major strengths of the company, even as its geographic concentration and
substantial debts remain major areas of concern. In future, fluctuation in
interest rates, intense competition and changing regulations may affect its
business operations. However, positive outlook for the US card payments channel,
growing economy in the US, booming mortgage markets in the US and strategic
acquisitions may provide growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increasing total deposits of the company ensures strong confidence of its
customers. The total deposit of the company increased by 25%, from US$73,582
million in FY2014 to US$91,957.8 million in FY2015. The total deposit of the
company increased primarily due to increase in savings deposits and time
deposits. The savings deposits increased by 13.5%, from US$41,085.8 million in
FY2014 to US$46,627.3 million in FY2015. The company reported time deposits of
US$13,110.3 million in FY2015, compared to US$3,064 million in FY2014. The
increase in total deposits may enhance the company's financial strength and
capitalization.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad product and service portfolio helps M&T to serve a wide range of
customers. The company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of banking and
financial products and services. Its product portfolio includes savings
accounts, certificates of deposits, health savings accounts, mortgage loans,
unsecured loans, brokerage accounts, term loans, life insurance and non-life
insurance. Its service offerings includes retirement planning services,
investment advisory services, agribusiness solutions, franchise banking
solutions, equipment financing services, asset based financing services,
investment banking services, treasury management services and letter of credit.
Such a wide range of product and service offerings drives M&T's top-line
performance.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


M&T exhibited a strong financial performance during FY2015, showcasing its
improved overall performance. The revenue of the company increased by 5.5%, from
US$4,736 million in FY2014 to US$4,995.8 million in FY2015. The revenue of the
company increased primarily due to increase in interest income and mortgage
banking revenues. The interest income of the bank increased by 7.2%, from US$
2,956.8 million in FY2014 to US$3,170.8 million in FY2015. The mortgage banking
revenue increased by 3.5%, from US$362.9 million in FY2014 to US$375.7 million
in FY2015.The company also reported increase in operating income and net income.
The operating income of the company increased by 2% from US$1,642.2 million in
FY2014 to US$1,674.6 million in FY2015. The net income of the company increased
by 1.2%, from US$1,066.2 million in FY2014 to US$1,079.6 million in FY2015. Such
a strong growth in revenue and incomes depicts the financial stability, and its
strong position in the market place. This improved performance will also help
the company to pursue its growth plans aggressively.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


Geographic concentration may hinder the growth of the company. The company
operates only in the US. In FY2015, it generated its complete revenue from the
US. Such geographic concentration of the company may expose it to adverse
changes in economical and geo political conditions of that particular region and
also deprives the company from the opportunities existing in other geographies.
Such geographic concentration may also affect the top and bottom line
performance of the company.

SUBSTANTIAL DEBTS


The company's growing indebtedness may impact its operational and financial
performance. The total debt of the company increased by 39%, from US$9,199.6
million in FY2014 to US$12,786 million in FY2015.In addition, the company's debt
to equity ratio increased from 0.74 in FY2014 to 0.79 in FY2015. Such high debts
and an increase in debt to equity ratios indicate possibility of volatile
earnings as a result of the additional interest expense. The company may face a
major impact on its business if it is unable to generate sufficient cash flow or
is unable to obtain the funds required to meet payments.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY OF THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Such economic
growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions and encourage spending on
banking solutions in the country. This will offer growth opportunities for the
banking solutions provider in the US such as M&T.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR CARD PAYMENT CHANNEL IN THE US


The bank stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in the
US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. The bank, a provider of debit and credit
cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand
for mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS


The company is focusing on strengthening its existing businesses through
acquiring companies that strategically complement its existing businesses.For
instance, in November 2015, M&T acquired Hudson City Savings Bank, banking
service provider based in the US. The acquisition was to expand its ATM and
branch network. It increased its ATMs to 121 and branches to 177. This will
enable the company to expand its customer and revenue base. In February 2016,
Hudson City Savings Bank was merged into M&T Bank. Such acquisitions would help
the company to achieve high inorganic growth as well as enhance its market
position and broaden its product portfolio.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the bank's business performance. Increase
in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets, including
bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing interest rates
may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the fee income
that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may adversely
affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and
leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of
income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond its
control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the bank as its income and investment returns depend on the level
of interest rates.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect S&T's business and profitability. The company
faces competition from private banks, foreign banks and other financial
institutions. It competes with its competitors based on various factors
including products and services, interest rates, distribution network, price,
quality and brand image. Some of its major competitors include Fulton Bank, TD
Bank N.A, Lakeland Bancorp. Inc, New York Community Bancorp. Inc and Peoples
Bancorp Inc. Such intense competition may affect the company's market position.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The bank's banking businesses are regulated by various governmental and
regulatory authorities in the US. The introduction of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act may pose a significant threat for the bank's
operations. Under this act, the federal government established Financial
Stability Oversight Council. The council have the authoritative power to break
up large bank's that may pose risk to the financial system due to their large
size and the council also have the authoritative power to liquidate and
restructure bank's which it is financially weak. Such act would significantly
pose threat for the banks to operate and acquire new businesses. Thus,
introduction of new government acts may have a negative impact on the bank's
growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

FSU TURMOIL MIGHT EXTEND TO RECRUITS

BYLINE: BRIAN LANDMAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 478 words


Calls for Florida State coach Bobby Bowden to retire, which has created an
environment of turmoil and rumor, could make the job of luring top-shelf players
more challenging than ever.

"You don't think those kids are hearing it from the Floridas and Georgias and
Miamis of the world?" said Jamie Newberg, the national recruiting analyst for
Rivals.com. "I think it will affect them in a negative manner until they address
it."

But two days after the school's Board of Trustees chairman, Jim Smith, said it
was time for Bowden, 79, to announce this is his final season, school president
T.K. Wetherell continues to stay mum. That amid speculation that he and Bowden
are talking about an enhanced retirement package or a change in Bowden's
day-to-day control if he wants to stay for the 2010 season. Anointed heir Jimbo
Fisher must be offered the job by January 2011 or he receives $5 million.

Terrence Mitchell, a touted defensive back from Hillsborough High, told the
Times that neither the uncertainty surrounding Bowden nor the team's struggles
(2-3 overall) affect how he views FSU.

"I'm not looking at which team is down and which is up," said Mitchell, who has
whittled his list to FSU, USF, Tennessee, Mississippi, North Carolina and
Illinois. "I'm looking at what's the best fit for me, what school has the best
academics, playing time and location, so that I'm comfortable."

His prep coach, Earl Garcia, is taken aback by how the school has handled
Bowden's situation and sees it as an issue.

"If they are going to treat Bobby like that, how are they going to treat a kid
off the street?" he said. "You're darn right it's going to affect recruiting. Is
it going to affect Terrence's? I don't know."

FSU's job seems further complicated by a possible shakeup to the defensive staff
regardless of Bowden's fate. Longtime defensive coordinator Mickey Andrews has
said this could be his last year and if he leaves, then the future could be
uncertain for other assistants, including linebackers coach Chuck Amato.

Fisher said the Seminoles already have had to answer questions on the recruiting
trails "about what we do and what goes on and we have to deal with it. There's
always going to be things like that."

Even while the heat on Bowden intensifies, he's receiving support from former
players and his peers, including USF's Jim Leavitt and Florida's Urban Meyer.

"What's going on up there (in Tallahassee), I think is ridiculous," Leavitt
said. "I think, to me, it's embarrassing ... I remember growing up here, when
Florida State was a teachers' college and ... didn't have nearly the
significance it has now. What he's done for that program is legendary, and to
me, he has every right to retire whenever he wants to retire."

Times staff writers Eduardo A. Encina and Greg Auman contributed to this report.
Brian Landman can be reached at landman@sptimes.com or (813) 226-3347.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      May 6, 2005 Friday ST. PAUL EDITION

FOREST-DEVELOPMENT BAN LIFTED
DECISION MAY AFFECT 34.3 MILLION ACRES OF LAND

BYLINE: SETH BORENSTEIN, Washington Bureau

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 427 words


WASHINGTON -- The Bush administration ended a 4-year-old ban on development in
roadless areas of national forests Thursday. The move could pave the way for oil
and gas drilling, logging, mining and road building in 34.3 million acres of
untouched woods.

The decision affects 62,000 acres in Minnesota's Superior and Chippewa national
forests and 69,000 acres in Wisconsin's Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest. In
Minnesota, all but 77 acres are in the Superior forest, with much of that
acreage near the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness.

Ninety-seven percent of the affected area is in 12 states: Alaska, Arizona,
California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah,
Washington and Wyoming.

The new rule gives governors greater say over forest management in their states,
which environmental groups fear will lead to development that threatens fish and
wildlife in pristine areas.

The first intrusions into the forests will probably be by natural-gas-drilling
rigs rather than chainsaws and timber mills because of market forces, according
to economists, forest scientists and industry officials.

Either way, change is likely to come, if slowly, to some of the 58.5 million
acres that the Clinton administration in its waning days put off-limits to new
development.

The new state-by-state rules will affect no more than 34.3 million acres because
the other 24.2 million acres have other development bans that aren't being
lifted, Bush administration officials said.

It's too early to tell how much of the 34.3 million acres will be opened and how
much will remain protected, said Undersecretary of Agriculture Mark Rey, a
former timber-industry lobbyist.

GOP governors and timber- and energy-industry officials said the rule change
would give local residents and officials more say in what happens in their back
yards than the one-size-fits-all moratorium imposed by the Clinton
administration.

Citing numerous legal challenges from Western states, Rey said allowing states
to tell the Forest Service how they think their forests should be managed should
defuse a contentious issue that has simmered for 40 years.

"Our approach will foster better collaboration," Rey said in a conference call
with reporters.

Democrats and environmentalists see conflict ahead.

"You're going to see tensions dramatically increase over land-use issues in the
West, and that's unfortunate," said New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, a Democrat.

Staff writer Dennis Lien and the Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Kerrville Daily Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 29, 2013 Tuesday

Proposed rules could affect local streams

BYLINE: Mark J. Armstrong, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 722 words


Oct. 29--New rules proposed by the EPA could expand federal regulation over
streams and other waterways, including dry creek beds that have water flow only
part of the year.

Kerr County commissioners talked about the possible expansion of federal
authority over rivers in Texas, including the possibility that the Guadalupe
River, Johnson Creek and others could become more regulated and that it could
affect adjacent landowners' rights.

Commissioner Tom Moser cited a recent Kimble County case in which a private
property owner was ordered by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality to
remove a dam across a creek which runs through the property. While there is some
dispute about the facts of the case and whether or not TCEQ ruled that the creek
is a navigable waterway, the case is an example of what commissioners here say
the EPA could do if the expanded rules are enacted.

Currently, there are two ways a river or stream can be classified as a navigable
waterway in Texas. The first is if the waterway is "navigable in fact," meaning
it can serve as a common highway for trade and travel in its natural state. The
Guadalupe River is a navigable waterway under this definition.

The second is if the waterway is found to be "navigable by statute." This
determination may be made by the TCEQ and the General Land Office when a stream
bed maintains an average width of 30 feet.

Commissioner Jonathan Letz said if the new rules go into effect, the EPA could
have management of those navigable waterways in Kerr County.

"We're going to have more of the federal government in our backyards," Letz
said.

According to the EPA, the new rules clarify the jurisdiction of the Clean Water
Act and are based on a draft report titled "Connectivity of Streams and Wetlands
to Downstream Waters: A Review and Synthesis of Scientific Evidence." The report
synthesizes recent scientific literature and will be used by EPA and the U.S.
Army Corps of Engineers in an upcoming joint rule-making session in December.

The EPA is accepting public comments on the report until Nov. 6 at
www.regulations.gov or by email at docket_EOI@epa.gov Comments also can be
mailed to Office of Environmental Information Docket, (Mail Code: 28221T),
Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-OA-2013-0582, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, 1200
Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20460.

Additional information about the report and proposed rule change can be found
online at http://cfpub.epa.gov/ncea/cfm/recordisplay.cfm?deid=238345.

In other matters, county commissioners:

--Granted final approval for the revision of the plat for Lots 120R and 122 of
Vistas Escondidas De Cypress Springs Estates in Precinct 4.

--Approved seeking annual bids for road base, cold mix, aggregate, emulsion oil
and corrugated metal pipe.

--Approved a request from Kerrville Public School Foundation to be added to the
nonprofit list for use of the Hill Country Youth Event Center in order to
receive a reduced rate on rental fees and approved use of the show barn on April
25 for the annual Duck Race Bash Dinner.

--Dropped the private road name Chiquito Lane W. in Precinct 4. No new name was
assigned because it is a private driveway.

--Authorized hiring a person to fill a vacant position in the Animal Control
Department.

--Designated Kerr County Environmental Health/Animal Control Director Ray Garcia
as local rabies control authority and names Nichole Golden and Charity Fegenbush
as alternatives.

--Heard a request from the Hill County Wrestling Club to use the show barn at
the Hill Country Youth Event Center for weekly practices. No immediate action
was taken because the group has not yet received 401(c)(3) status.
Representatives of the club said they have filed for the nonprofit status, and
commissioners indicated their support.

--Acknowledged receipt of the quarterly investment report from Patterson and
Associates.

--Nominated Charles Lewis to serve another term on the Kerr Central Appraisal
District board of directors.

--Approved the 2014 Resolution for the Indigent Defense Grant Program for a
$41,000 grant.

--Approved use of the courthouse grounds and surrounding area for a Veterans Day
march and activities on Nov. 11.

___ (c)2013 the Kerrville Daily Times (Kerrville, Texas) Visit the Kerrville
Daily Times (Kerrville, Texas) at www.dailytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131029-KF-Proposed-rules-could-affect-local-streams-1029-20131029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KF


                      Copyright 2013 Kerrville Daily Times


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           January 28, 2012 Saturday

United States : Project to study how diet and contaminated water affect
environmental enteropathy and to test how the condition affects immune responses
to oral vaccines.

LENGTH: 77  words


Grant Amount: $100,000
Project Starts : October 2011
Project Completion Term : 1 year and 7 months
Topic: Discovery
Region Served: Global
Program: Global Health
Cincinnati Childrens Hospital Medical Center Plans to study how diet and
contaminated water affect environmental enteropathy, which are defects in the
intestines that result from malnutrition and infection. And to test how the
condition affects immune responses to oral vaccines.

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Sleep Can Affect Male Fertility

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US National Health Information Center has issued the following news
release:



 Sleeping too little or too much can affect a man's ability to impregnate his
partner, new research suggests.



 The "sweet spot" appears to be 7 to 8 hours of sleep a night, said study author
Lauren Wise, a professor of epidemiology at Boston University School of Public
Health.





 Among the 790 couples the researchers followed, "we found both short and long
sleep duration -- less than 6 hours or 9 or more per night -- were associated
with a reduced probability of pregnancy," Wise said.



 Using 8 hours of sleep as the reference point, men who slept less than 6 or
more than 9 hours a night "had a 42 percent reduced probability of conception in
any given month," she added.



 The main explanation is most likely hormonal, Wise said. Fertility experts know
that testosterone is crucial for reproduction and the majority of daily
testosterone release in men occurs during sleep, she explained. Total sleep
time, in turn, has been positively linked with testosterone levels in several
studies, she added.



 All of the couples in the study were trying to conceive, and they had been
trying for no more than six menstrual cycles. The couples answered questions
about sleep patterns and whether they had trouble sleeping. Those men who had
trouble sleeping more than half the time were also less likely to impregnate
their partner than those who didn't, the researchers found.



 While the study found only an association between sleep and fertility, "it
can't prove cause and effect," Wise said.



 But the link held up even after she took into account both the men's and
women's ages, their body mass index, their frequency of intercourse, and other
factors known to affect fertility.



 More research is needed, Wise noted.



 "It is possible that poor sleep duration could contribute to an unhealthy
lifestyle, decreased libido, a decrease in sex, but we tried to control for all
those factors," she said.



 The finding is welcome news to Dr. Peter Schlegel, vice president of the
American Society for Reproductive Medicine.



 "There is very little data about how men's sleep may affect fertility," he
said. "We know any stress can affect fertility for both women and men. This
study strongly suggests that for men, aiming for the 7 to [less than] 9 hours of
sleep helps to optimize their fertility and their chances of contributing to a
pregnancy."



 Based on this new research, doctors counseling couples should talk about how
much sleep the men are getting, Schlegel said. As for women and sleep, "we don't
know for sure," he said.



 Other research suggests that eating more fruits and vegetables yields better
production of sperm than meats and fats, said Schlegel, who is chair of urology
at Weill Cornell Medicine in New York City. Men who are at a healthy weight
generally have better fertility, too.



 One limitation of the study, Schlegel said, is that the researchers did not
measure sperm counts. "But they looked at time to pregnancy," he said, and "most
would say the chance of a pregnancy occurring is probably the best measure."



 The findings were to be presented Wednesday at the American Society for
Reproductive Medicine's annual meeting, in Salt Lake City. Research presented at
medical meetings is considered preliminary until it is published in a
peer-reviewed medical journal.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Sleep Can Affect Male Fertility

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US National Health Information Center has issued the following news
release:



 Sleeping too little or too much can affect a man's ability to impregnate his
partner, new research suggests.



 The "sweet spot" appears to be 7 to 8 hours of sleep a night, said study author
Lauren Wise, a professor of epidemiology at Boston University School of Public
Health.





 Among the 790 couples the researchers followed, "we found both short and long
sleep duration -- less than 6 hours or 9 or more per night -- were associated
with a reduced probability of pregnancy," Wise said.



 Using 8 hours of sleep as the reference point, men who slept less than 6 or
more than 9 hours a night "had a 42 percent reduced probability of conception in
any given month," she added.



 The main explanation is most likely hormonal, Wise said. Fertility experts know
that testosterone is crucial for reproduction and the majority of daily
testosterone release in men occurs during sleep, she explained. Total sleep
time, in turn, has been positively linked with testosterone levels in several
studies, she added.



 All of the couples in the study were trying to conceive, and they had been
trying for no more than six menstrual cycles. The couples answered questions
about sleep patterns and whether they had trouble sleeping. Those men who had
trouble sleeping more than half the time were also less likely to impregnate
their partner than those who didn't, the researchers found.



 While the study found only an association between sleep and fertility, "it
can't prove cause and effect," Wise said.



 But the link held up even after she took into account both the men's and
women's ages, their body mass index, their frequency of intercourse, and other
factors known to affect fertility.



 More research is needed, Wise noted.



 "It is possible that poor sleep duration could contribute to an unhealthy
lifestyle, decreased libido, a decrease in sex, but we tried to control for all
those factors," she said.



 The finding is welcome news to Dr. Peter Schlegel, vice president of the
American Society for Reproductive Medicine.



 "There is very little data about how men's sleep may affect fertility," he
said. "We know any stress can affect fertility for both women and men. This
study strongly suggests that for men, aiming for the 7 to [less than] 9 hours of
sleep helps to optimize their fertility and their chances of contributing to a
pregnancy."



 Based on this new research, doctors counseling couples should talk about how
much sleep the men are getting, Schlegel said. As for women and sleep, "we don't
know for sure," he said.



 Other research suggests that eating more fruits and vegetables yields better
production of sperm than meats and fats, said Schlegel, who is chair of urology
at Weill Cornell Medicine in New York City. Men who are at a healthy weight
generally have better fertility, too.



 One limitation of the study, Schlegel said, is that the researchers did not
measure sperm counts. "But they looked at time to pregnancy," he said, and "most
would say the chance of a pregnancy occurring is probably the best measure."



 The findings were to be presented Wednesday at the American Society for
Reproductive Medicine's annual meeting, in Salt Lake City. Research presented at
medical meetings is considered preliminary until it is published in a
peer-reviewed medical journal.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 26, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Credit union ruling may not affect status quo

BYLINE: Christine Dugas

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 542 words


The Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that federally chartered
credit unions have been expanding illegally (story, 1A). Here
are some questions and answers about that decision, by USA TODAY
banking reporter Christine Dugas.

Q: Now that the Supreme Court has ruled, what happens next?

A: Nothing changes immediately. The case goes back to the Court
of Appeals and the District Court. The most likely outcome is
that federal credit unions won't be able to add members from companies
that aren't already affiliated with them.


It also is possible that courts or regulators may require large
employers that became affiliated with another company's credit
union after July 1996 to spin off and form their own credit unions.

Q: I'm in a credit union now. Does this mean I have to get out?

A: No. The American Bankers Association says it is not recommending
that any current members be expelled from their credit unions.
It is expected that the District Court will go along with that.

Q: I might want to join a credit union sometime. Will I be able
to?

A: If you work for a company that has formed its own credit union,
this decision does not affect you. You are a member of its core
membership group and can join any time.

If you work for a company that is already affiliated with another
company's credit union, you can still join for now. But that could
change as that issue and others are sorted out over the next two
or three months by the courts.

Q: Can we still start a credit union where we work?

A: Yes.

Q: If credit unions lose their tax-exempt status, what does that
mean to members?

A: If that happens, in all likelihood, credit unions' fees will
rise and interest rates will be slightly less favorable.

Credit unions will still have an advantage because they are nonprofit
and owned by members.

Q: So the banks won with this decision. What do they gain?

A: Credit unions compete with them for business. Banks now have
curtailed credit union growth. And they say they have started
a debate that could end in credit unions losing their tax-exempt
status.

Banks say that would level the playing field further.

Q: Banks are profitable. Why do they care about credit unions?

A: Although banks have been posting record profits, they are losing
market share to a host of competitors, including stockbrokers,
mutual fund companies, finance companies and credit unions.

Banks say if credit unions want to keep their tax-exempt status
they should abide by the existing law. If they want to continue
to expand and offer a full range of products like banks, they
should lose their tax exemption, banks say.

Q: How does this ruling affect me if I belong to a state-chartered
credit union?

A: It won't affect you. But similar lawsuits, pending in several
states, could eventually affect the growth of state-chartered
credit unions.

Q: What happens to the Supreme Court ruling if Congress passes
the bill introduced by credit unions?

A: Because this case did not involve constitutional issues, Congress
can change the law. The credit union bill as it is written now
would permit all credit unions to expand beyond a single company
or group.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY, Source: National Credit Union
Administration(Line graphs)

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

Local gun dealers react to actions

BYLINE: Matt Troutman, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


Jan. 06--TRAVERSE CITY -- David Wessell anticipates a run on guns.

Chatter about President Barack Obama's announced executive actions on gun
control Tuesday filled Wessell's gun shop -- Great Guns in Williamsburg. Wessell
said his shop was so busy that afternoon he didn't even have time to research
the changes himself.

Local gun dealers likely won't see significant changes in how they sell
firearms. But Wessell fears the changes still could affect his business. He said
gun sales "went through the roof" after Obama's election in 2008. That temporary
boost in business came with a downside -- low inventories, long back orders,
high prices -- he said nearly shuttered his store.

"There's definitely a lot of concern," he said. "It will drastically affect the
way we do business."

Obama's raft of executive actions aims to curb gun violence, in part by
requiring more people who sell guns to obtain licenses and conduct background
checks on their customers. It's a requirement that Bryan Bilinski, who owns
Fieldsport Limited in Garfield Township, said won't affect him.

"There are FBI background checks on everything we sell," he said.

Bilinski describes his business as a "purveyor to the wingshooter" -- clay
target shooters and upland bird and waterfowl hunters. He, Wessell and other
local federally-licensed firearm dealers have had to abide by regulations
requiring buyer background checks for years. That means Obama's executive
actions likely won't affect him or other licensed dealers nationwide.

The measures will require online and all gun show sellers to be licensed. But
it's still unclear how the changes will affect private sales. White House
officials gave no threshold number of sales that require a license, and
indicated even a few transactions could establish a person as in the business of
selling guns.

Wessell said another change requiring background checks for weapons purchases
through trusts caused concern. He said trusts allowed people to avoid paying
hefty taxes on certain purchases.

"That's so far what customers today have been talking about," he said.

Both Wessell and Bilinski said the measures won't affect criminals purchasing
guns illegally. Bilinski said he views Obama's actions largely as a "feel good"
measure addressing a problem that could be accomplished instead by enforcing
current laws. But he doesn't believe it will harm his business.

"Will it affect me?" he said. "Maybe in the sense it will be bring more business
back to flow through a legitimate federally-licensed gun dealer."

David Bieganowski, a local attorney who is a National Rifle Association
certified instructor and legislative analyst for the Michigan Coalition of
Responsible Gun Owners, said didn't yet have time to review the measures, but
said there are some things they won't change.

Michigan already requires background checks for handguns, he said.

"Every one, even private sales," he said.

Bieganowski said the measures followed years of rumblings about possible
unilateral action from the Obama administration after mass shootings.

"None of the gun control proposals would have stopped these recent events," he
said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160106-ZK-Local-gun-dealers-react-to-actions-0106-20160106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

Software upgrade to affect library patrons

BYLINE: Andrew Dowd, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


May 23--The Altoona Public Library still has a wooden cabinet containing an
old-fashioned paper card catalog in its building, even though computer systems
long ago replaced it.

The outdated collection of cards might see a short return to service next week
when the software that runs Altoona's and 49 other west-central Wisconsin
libraries goes down for upgrades.

All the libraries in the Indianhead Federated Library System are replacing their
operating systems starting at 9 a.m. Wednesday, May 30, which will reduce
services for much of the day.

"It affects everything we do here," Altoona library director Mary Vernau said.

The MORE system handles library catalogs, patron accounts, the ability to check
in or check out items, and computers that allow the public to access the
Internet.

The upgrade is supposed to take four to six hours, said Gus Falkenberg, a
technology administrator with the regional library system. Some libraries in the
10 counties that use the system might close entirely during the upgrade, he
said, but he didn't know of specific locations.

Eau Claire's L.E. Phillips Memorial Public Library briefly contemplated scaling
back hours or closing on May 30.

"We talked about it because it was a huge part of our business," said Bess
Arneson, the library's public relations and program services manager. "But the
other huge part is being a place for the community and a reference source."

The library sees a lot of patrons who now bring their own laptop computers to
connect to free wireless Internet, which will remain available May 30, she said.

During the outage, Arneson said, librarians and researchers expect to do more of
the searching that patrons currently do on their own.

After the new software is up and running, library patrons should not notice a
difference, Falkenberg said, but it will improve library operations for the
staff. The new operating system has the potential to make better use of social
media such as Facebook and Twitter, which libraries might use later on, he said.

Libraries currently are using software designed in 2000, which has compatibility
problems with newer computer programs.

"There's only so much you can do with software designed so long ago," Falkenberg
said.

The software upgrade is a major one, Vernau said, adding that she's cautiously
optimistic about the May 30 installation.

"Everybody's a little nervous, but we're looking forward to it," she said.
"We're excited and apprehensive at the same time."

Altoona's library put up signs Tuesday notifying patrons about the upcoming
service interruption. Eau Claire's library plans to begin notifying people
today.

"We would like to get the word out so nobody makes an unnecessary trip," Arneson
said.

The public may find one upside to the inconvenience: No late fees will be issued
May 30.

Dowd can be reached at 715-833-9204, 800-236-7077 or andrew.dowd@ecpc.com

___ (c)2012 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120523-EW-Software-upgrade-to-affect-library-patrons-0523-20120523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2012 The Leader-Telegram


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

Texas: Conference to Consider How Changing Demographics Affect Public Policy

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Houston, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:



  Conference to Consider How Changing Demographics Affect Public Policy



 Researchers Intend to Establish a Global Network to Address the Issue
 Scholars, educators and policymakers from around the world will gather in
Houston next month to share their research and discuss how changing demographics
globally will affect public policy in fields ranging from education to
infrastructure.





 The 2017 Population and Public Policy Conference is sponsored by the University
of Houston's Hobby School of Public Affairs, along with the University of New
Mexico's Center for Geospacial and Population Studies and the International
Applied Demography Association.



 Nazrul Hoque, a senior researcher at the Hobby School, said he expects
demographers, researchers and people involved in decision-making for public
policies to attend, with interest from across the United States, as well as
China, India and Africa.



 Ultimately, Hoque said, conference organizers hope to establish a global
network to address the impact of population changes on public policy.



 Speakers include Steve Murdock, former director of the U.S. Census Bureau and
director of the Hobby Center for the Study of Texas at Rice University; Stephen
Klineberg, director of the Kinder Institute of Urban Research at Rice, and Lewis
E. Foxhall, vice president for health policy at the University of Texas MD
Anderson Cancer Center.







 WHAT:                                    2017 Population and Public Policy
Conference, sponsored by the UH Hobby School



                                                   of Public Affairs, the
University of New Mexico Center for Geospatial and



                                                   Population Studies and the
International Applied Demography Association.



 WHEN:                                    Jan. 6-8, 2017



  WHERE:                                 JW Marriott Downtown Houston, 806 Main
Street.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Texas: Conference to Consider How Changing Demographics Affect Public Policy

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Houston, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:



  Conference to Consider How Changing Demographics Affect Public Policy



 Researchers Intend to Establish a Global Network to Address the Issue
 Scholars, educators and policymakers from around the world will gather in
Houston next month to share their research and discuss how changing demographics
globally will affect public policy in fields ranging from education to
infrastructure.





 The 2017 Population and Public Policy Conference is sponsored by the University
of Houston's Hobby School of Public Affairs, along with the University of New
Mexico's Center for Geospacial and Population Studies and the International
Applied Demography Association.



 Nazrul Hoque, a senior researcher at the Hobby School, said he expects
demographers, researchers and people involved in decision-making for public
policies to attend, with interest from across the United States, as well as
China, India and Africa.



 Ultimately, Hoque said, conference organizers hope to establish a global
network to address the impact of population changes on public policy.



 Speakers include Steve Murdock, former director of the U.S. Census Bureau and
director of the Hobby Center for the Study of Texas at Rice University; Stephen
Klineberg, director of the Kinder Institute of Urban Research at Rice, and Lewis
E. Foxhall, vice president for health policy at the University of Texas MD
Anderson Cancer Center.







 WHAT:                                    2017 Population and Public Policy
Conference, sponsored by the UH Hobby School



                                                   of Public Affairs, the
University of New Mexico Center for Geospatial and



                                                   Population Studies and the
International Applied Demography Association.



 WHEN:                                    Jan. 6-8, 2017



  WHERE:                                 JW Marriott Downtown Houston, 806 Main
Street.



  MORE INFORMATION
http://www.uh.edu/class/hcpp/community/2017populationconference/.



 AND REGISTRATION:



 MEDIA CONTACT:              Jeannie Kever, 713-743-0778, jekever@uh.edu





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Texas: Conference to Consider How Changing Demographics Affect Public Policy

LENGTH: 382  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: University of Houston, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:



  Conference to Consider How Changing Demographics Affect Public Policy



 Researchers Intend to Establish a Global Network to Address the Issue
 Scholars, educators and policymakers from around the world will gather in
Houston next month to share their research and discuss how changing demographics
globally will affect public policy in fields ranging from education to
infrastructure.





 The 2017 Population and Public Policy Conference is sponsored by the University
of Houston's Hobby School of Public Affairs, along with the University of New
Mexico's Center for Geospacial and Population Studies and the International
Applied Demography Association.



 Nazrul Hoque, a senior researcher at the Hobby School, said he expects
demographers, researchers and people involved in decision-making for public
policies to attend, with interest from across the United States, as well as
China, India and Africa.



 Ultimately, Hoque said, conference organizers hope to establish a global
network to address the impact of population changes on public policy.



 Speakers include Steve Murdock, former director of the U.S. Census Bureau and
director of the Hobby Center for the Study of Texas at Rice University; Stephen
Klineberg, director of the Kinder Institute of Urban Research at Rice, and Lewis
E. Foxhall, vice president for health policy at the University of Texas MD
Anderson Cancer Center.







 WHAT:                                    2017 Population and Public Policy
Conference, sponsored by the UH Hobby School



                                                   of Public Affairs, the
University of New Mexico Center for Geospatial and



                                                   Population Studies and the
International Applied Demography Association.



 WHEN:                                    Jan. 6-8, 2017



  WHERE:                                 JW Marriott Downtown Houston, 806 Main
Street.



  MORE INFORMATION
http://www.uh.edu/class/hcpp/community/2017populationconference/.



 AND REGISTRATION:



 MEDIA CONTACT:              Jeannie Kever, 713-743-0778, jekever@uh.edu





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     July 13, 2003 Sunday Michigan Edition

Reapportionment may never take a rest

BYLINE: By JACK COLWELL; Tribune Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8; OPINION

LENGTH: 839 words


Nothing is more partisan and vicious in politics than reapportionment. And now
we could witness more frequently this fine art of carving district lines to
carve up the opposition. Much more often than just in the year after the census.

Any questions?

Q.  Sure, why should I care? Isn't this just a game politicians play?

A.  It's not just a fun game. It's deadly serious, determining many winners and
losers and even which party controls Congress. Congressional control can affect
which course the nation takes on economic policy -- taxes and spending -- and
where and when to go to war. And it affects many Americans directly in ways
other than determining majority control.

Q.  OK, there's that big picture stuff. But how does it affect us directly?

A.  Reapportionment can be decisive in many cases in whether you will have the
same member of Congress for a decade or actually have a choice, whether your
state representative will almost certainly be a Republican or a Democrat and
whether you will be in a district to which you have been accustomed or be
gerrymandered into a district with the population center far away.

Q.  Yeah, well, all that gerrymandering came in 2001. So, shouldn't that be good
for 10 years, 'til after the 2010 census?

A.  Normally, that would be the case. But what's happening in Texas could become
a trend involving other states.

Q.  So, what's the deal in Texas?

A.  You probably remember the saga earlier this year when a bunch of Texas
Democratic legislators fled to Oklahoma and holed up in a Holiday Inn to keep
the GOP House majority from having a quorum to transact business. That was to
keep the Republicans from drawing new districts for electing members of
Congress. Republicans wanted to negate a plan approved by judges after the 2000
census and not wait the traditional 10 years for another reapportionment.

Q.  Wait, you mean the Texas Republicans thought it was that important to draw
new districts right away and the Democrats thought it so important to prevent it
that they fled out of state?

A.  That's right.

Q.  Well, what would the plan have done?

A.  Probably ensure the defeat of five or more Democratic members of Congress
from Texas in 2004, thus making it more difficult for Democrats to capture
control of the U.S. House.

Q.  And the Democrats killed that plan by walking off the job?

A.  No. They forced delay. Or perhaps it should be said that they delayed DeLay.
The new GOP gerrymander is regarded as the work of House Majority Leader Tom
DeLay, the Texas Republican who wants to make sure he still will have a majority
to lead. DeLay, known as "the Hammer," still hammers away.

Q.  What's happening now?

A.  A special legislative session has been called in Texas to pass the GOP plan.
Democrats can't keep running out of state to block it.

Q.  Is the Republican remap really such a nasty gerrymander?

A.  Of course. Democratic remap plans are nasty gerrymanders, too, when the
Democrats have control of a legislature. Don't believe claims of any
gerrymandering plotters that the unfortunate consequences for the other side are
just a coincidence.

Q.  They really say these things are just a coincidence?

A.  Sure, it's a "coincidence" the Texas GOP reapportionment would carve the
district of Democrat Lloyd Doggett into four parts, one stretching in a narrow
strip some 400 miles to Mexico. Gosh, the effort was just to have equal
population in districts on the basis of the census. You will recall the
"coincidence" in Indiana when a Democratic reapportionment plan left Chris
Chocola's home just outside the new 2nd District, where he went on to win
anyway. At the city level, what was done to those Democratic council members in
the Republican remap in Mishawaka was just a "coincidence." That Democrats
retained control of the Indiana House in a Republican year after Democrats drew
the House reapportionment plan is another "coincidence."

Q.  I've heard Republicans say the Democrats are really vicious when it comes to
drawing districts. And I've heard Democrats claim that it's Republicans who are
really vicious when they draw the maps. Which is right?

A.  Both. Each side feels justified in a "payback" for the way it was treated
the last time the other side gerrymandered. Each party wants to protect as many
seats as possible for its side and diminish the chances of re-election for the
members of the opposition.

Q.  Then if the reapportionment is always so nasty, is there any reason to be
more concerned than usual about what's happening in Texas?

A.  Yes. Not because the Texas GOP is any more brutal toward Democrats in its
map drawing than Democrats have been in the past toward Republicans. The real
danger is that Democrats in other states will retaliate, also opening up the
process between Census counts. We could have the unsettling situation of
reapportionment battles going on year after year, moving voters as pawns in this
political game whenever control of a legislature changes.


LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     November 3, 1998 Tuesday Final Edition

Hormones determine brain's 'sex'

SOURCE: Medical Tribune News Service

BYLINE: Damaris Christensen

SECTION: CANADA & WORLD; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 620 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Biological differences between the sexes may help explain why women are more
likely to be depressed or anxious than men, as well as why women are more
vulnerable to so-called autoimmune disorders.

Several researchers offered this explanation at a conference yesterday sponsored
by the Society for the Advancement of Women's Health Research.

Researcher Gillian Einstein, of Duke University Medical Center in Durham, N.C.,
said: "The brain has a sex. It is organized differently in males and females
depending on the hormones it is exposed to during development, and it is exposed
to, and reacts to, different hormones in adulthood."

For example, brain cells have receptors for the sex hormone estrogen.

Dr. Donna Stewart, chair of women's health at the Toronto Hospital at the
University of Toronto, said estrogen levels in the brain can affect serotonin
levels, and serotonin levels are known to affect mood.

She said this may help explain why women are more likely than men to suffer from
anxiety or depression, why women are likely to develop depression after giving
birth and why it is not until puberty that girls become much more likely to
suffer from mental disorders than boys.

The release of hormones during a woman's monthly cycle is known to worsen mood
disorders, she added.

DEPRESSION

According to the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Md.,
depression affects twice as many women as men, and young women are most likely
to report depression.

Panic disorder -- in which feelings of terror strike suddenly and repeatedly --
is twice as common among women as among men.

Dr. Peter Riskind, an associate professor of neurology at the University of
Massachusetts Medical School in Worcester, said estrogen and other hormones have
also been implicated in explaining why women are more than twice as likely as
men to have multiple sclerosis, a disease in which a person's immune system
attacks the insulating sheath surrounding their nerve cells, causing progressive
disability.

Pregnancy actually seems to reduce the incidence of multiple sclerosis attacks,
but soon after delivery a woman is actually more likely to suffer an
exacerbation of her disease than women who had not been pregnant, he said.

But even though the first flare of the chronic, recurring disease is likely to
strike women at an earlier age, and women are more likely than men to have a
second flare of illness, men with multiple sclerosis seem to become debilitated
faster, Riskind said.

Researchers have speculated that women are better able to repair the nerve
damage than men, he said.

One of the important questions to answer is whether giving women estrogen might
actually work as a treatment for multiple sclerosis, he said.

Many other autoimmune disorders -- such as rheumatoid arthritis and juvenile
diabetes -- also are more common in women.

Dr. Denise Faustman, an associate professor of immunology at the Harvard School
of Medicine in Boston, said most seem to be linked to several closely related
genes, and women seem to be more vulnerable to the effects of mutations in these
genes than men.

DIFFERENCES

The researchers emphasized that gender and exposure to different sex hormones
doesn't explain all the differences in why men and women develop these various
ailments.

Sally Shaywitz, a professor of pediatrics at Yale University School of Medicine
in New Haven, Conn., said: "Finally we've arrived at the recognition of gender
differences operating at the level of the brain and the immune system."

But emerging research about possible biological differences between men and
women and their susceptibility and reaction to disease poses more questions than
it answers, she added.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1998 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2014 Sunday

Will the uproar surrounding the state attorney general affect the election?

BYLINE: Liam Migdail-Smith, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1089 words


May 11--Call it the superstar effect.

All the attention on Attorney General Kathleen G. Kane's handling of a
corruption case involving fellow Democrats is bound to bleed into election
season discussions this year, even though Kane herself is not running, political
observers said.

But if the story affects anyone's election behavior, they said, it will likely
be candidates, not voters.

"It's rarely that you see an office that's not a chief executive, like a
governor or a president, having an effect on down-ticket races," said
Christopher P. Borick, director of Muhlenberg College's Institute of Public
Opinion.

The story's effect on Kane's own political future remains to be seen, experts
said.

Kane has been a rising star for the Democrats and considered a likely challenger
for U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey in 2016.

That rock star status doesn't seem to have waned, experts said, though some
expected the attention on Kane could mean some uncomfortable questions for
Democrats and tough decisions about whether to align politically with her.

But in the voting booth, party leanings are likely to be driven more by feelings
toward President Barack Obama or Gov. Tom Corbett than anything else, said G.
Terry Madonna, director of Franklin & Marshall College's Center for Politics and
Public Affairs.

"The (Kane) story is in the campaign but not in a way that I think will define
which party gets an advantage by it," Madonna said.

Still unfolding

Kane has received criticism and support since The Philadelphia Inquirer reported
in March that she opted not to pursue charges against a group of Philadelphia
legislators who were allegedly caught accepting cash and gifts for votes.

Kane said she dropped the case because she would not have been able to
successfully prosecute it. She said the investigation, which took place before
she was in office, was poorly managed and may have targeted black politicians.

Critics said Kane shut down a viable case and suggested politics may have played
a role. Kane has countered that she hasn't hesitated to bring corruption charges
against fellow Democrats in the past and pointed to some recent examples.

Last week state Rep. Daryl Metcalfe, a Butler County Republican and the chairman
of the state House Government Committee, held a hearing on a resolution to
impeach Kane. The committee's Democrats walked out of the proceeding.

But the criticism hasn't all been based on partisan politics. One of the most
vocal critics of Kane's handling of the situation, Philadelphia District
Attorney Seth Williams, has said he will try to take on the case.

The story's constantly unfolding, and that presents a problem for any candidate
who's asked to speak about it, said Larry Ceisler, a Philadelphia-based public
relations professional and former Democratic strategist.

Dodging questions about Kane doesn't look good for candidates who want to
showcase their leadership, Ceisler said.

But if candidates say too much, they run the risk of being on the wrong side
when more details surface.

"The danger in expressing an opinion on this is you don't know," he said. "You
don't know all the facts."

'Everyone has deniability'

The uncertainty also puts candidates who may have sought to boost their own
campaigns by associating with Kane in a tough spot, Borick said.

"You don't want to be in the spot where you've aligned with someone and their
problems become your problems," Borick said. "A few months back, I think her
endorsement would have been a great prize. Given the backlash regarding her
decision in those cases, people may be more cautious on how they want to align."

But the lack of information available does give some cover to candidates who opt
to take a position, said Joshua Weikert, a political science lecturer at
Albright College. They have room to distance themselves if the story changes.

"Since there's enough of a reasonable doubt on both sides of the equation,
everyone has deniability," he said.

Attempts to reach Kane for this story were unsuccessful.

Tom Herman, Berks Democrats chairman, doesn't think the Kane story will have
much effect on candidates. He said the news hasn't stopped Democrats from
clamoring to take photos with Kane at recent party events he's attended.

"Nobody has given me any reason to believe that anybody's worried about it,"
Herman said.

John A. Fielding, Berks GOP chair, said anything that distracts from Democrats'
message is good for Republicans. But he doesn't see the Kane story being a huge
factor.

"It's a distraction," he said. "But I don't think it's a tremendously
significant one."

Sandusky investigation

If Kane does play into the governor race, experts said, it will likely be if she
releases her report on her predecessor's handling of the child molestation case
against former Penn State football defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky.

That investigation happened when Gov. Tom Corbett was attorney general.

"I think a lot of people were thinking that (Kane's report) would be the nail in
the coffin for Tom Corbett," said Randall E. Newnham, political science
professor at Penn State Berks.

The effect depends on what the report says about Corbett and what else happens
with the Kane story between now and then.

On one hand, the report could shift the focus to Corbett, observers said. On the
other, it could be viewed as tainted because Kane has been accused of political
bias.

Not much local effect

For most candidates in local legislative races, whether or not to be seen with
the attorney general is probably a moot point, Madonna said.

"I don't remember many campaigns where House candidates are running around their
districts with the attorney general," he said.

Frederick C. Sheeler, a Bern Township Democrat running for a state House seat,
said he thinks Kane should have moved forward with the investigation to scare
off other legislators from accepting gifts. But he doesn't see that coming into
play in his campaign.

"It's not like people would be like: 'Oh you really want the endorsement of the
attorney general,' " he said.

Russell J. Diesinger, an Exeter Township Democrat running for a state House
seat, also doesn't expect the issue to play much into his decisions. But he's
happy it came up because it gets voters talking about public corruption.

"I hope that it brings about a real discussion about the influence of money on
candidates," Diesinger said.

Contact Liam Migdail-Smith: 610-371-5022 or lsmith@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2014 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140511-RE-Will-the-uproar-surrounding-the-state-attorney-general-
affect-the-election-0511-20140511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2014 Reading Eagle


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2013 Friday

Georgia: What's Happening in the General Assembly That May Affect You

LENGTH: 100  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


City of Dacula, The State of Georgia has issued the following news release:

As written, this bill has the potential to adversely affect citizens and their
property rights. It infringes on local control of zoning, and it puts the
General Assembly in the zoning business at the local level. What concerns me
most is that the safety and surety of the public is not protected in this bill.
Please take a look at the bill, contact your representative if you think this
bill adversely affects you. This affects both municipal and county governments.

For further information please visit: http://daculaga.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 9, 2011 Thursday

Residents ask about proposed power line

BYLINE: Emily K. Coleman, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


June 09--PROPHETSTOWN -- Dustin and Tirzah Renkes wandered into the sweltering
Prophetstown Park District gym with their 2-year-old daughter, Wynn.

They joined about 40 other people for the open house on a Clean Line Energy
Partners transmission line that may go through the area.

The Houston-based energy company is looking to build a high-voltage
direct-current line to connect wind farms in the middle of the country with
consumers to the east.

The 500-mile line, called the Rock Island line, has two possible routes through
northwestern Illinois.

One would take it through southern Whiteside and Lee counties before heading
south to a converting station in Grundy County, near Morris.

The other would have it head south immediately after crossing the Mississippi
River and going through northern Henry and Bureau counties.

The Renkeses live along Route 92 between Prophetstown and Geneseo.

As their company representative took them around the room to different slides,
explaining what the project is about, Dustin Renkes asked whether the line would
affect wildlife.

"We're big outdoorsmen and hunters, and how's it going to affect the wildlife in
the area?" he said.

"We really didn't get a very good answer on that," Renkes said. "He just said
there's studies done. He didn't know the information of the studies or even how
we could attain the information."

They also were concerned about how the line would affect property values.

Cary Kottler, the project development manager, said studies show little to no
impact, and the impact lessens rapidly the farther the land is from the line.

The Renkeses said they wouldn't be willing to have the line go through their
land. Dustin Renkes said it would have a drastic affect on their land because
they own only 10 acres.

"We like the idea of clean energy. We just don't want it affecting our ..." he
trailed off.

"We don't want it in our yard," Tirzah Renkes finished.

Stan and Luanne Urban of Prophetstown came out of the open house with fewer
concerns.

"It looked like (the lines) were minimally invasive," Luanne Urban said, "and so
that's a good thing."

She said all her questions had been answered sufficiently.

The Urbans weren't ready to volunteer for the line's route though.

"I'm not ready to make that decision at this point," Stan Urban said. "Not a
definite no, not a definite yes."

Both families planned to come back to the next round of meetings in the fall.

The $1.7 billion project is still in the early stages. Construction isn't
scheduled to start until 2014 or 2015 and be completed in 2017.

The meetings are designed to inform residents and gather input on locations
where the line shouldn't go.

More meetings today

Clean Line Energy Partners will have more meetings today about possible Rock
Island Clean Line routes.

The meetings will run from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Bureau Valley High School
Commons, 9154 County Road 2125 North in Manlius, and from 5 to 7 p.m. at the
Amboy Community Center, 280 W. Wasson Road.

Go to www.rockislandcleanline.com or call 888-692-2144 for more information.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110609-YG-Residents-ask-about-proposed-power-line-0609-20110609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 14, 2013

                              Seaboard Corporation

                              9000 W. 67th Street
                                 MERRIAM 66202
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Seaboard is in the pork production and processing, ocean transportation
commodity merchandising, grain processing, sugar production, and electric power
generation businesses. The diversified business operations, wide geographic
presence, and strong financial performance are the key strengths of the company
even as narrow customer base remains a major concern area. Going forward, the
risks associated with occurrence of diseases to livestock, and complex laws and
regulations may affect its business operations. However, the induction of low
cost barge, focus on capital investment, and the acquisition of Butterball will
provide ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
WIDE BUSINESS OPERATIONS
The company's diversified business operations help it to serve diverse customer
base. The company has pork production and processing, ocean transportation,
commodity merchandising, grain processing, and sugar production businesses. Such
wide business operations help the company in mitigating the risks associated
with dependence on select businesses, and consequently can achieve steady
revenues
GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSIFICATION
Seaboard's geographically diversified operations help the company to reach wider
customer base and minimize the risks associated with dependence on select region
for major portion of revenues. The company has operations in Caribbean, Central
and South America, the US, Africa, Canada, Mexico, Pacific Basin and Far East,
Eastern Mediterranean, and Europe. It conducts its pork business and ocean
transportation business in the US and sells its pork products in Japan, Mexico
and other foreign markets. Also, the company's commodity trading and milling
business facilities are located in 28 countries. Its commodity trading business
is operated through 10 offices in nine countries and three non-consolidated
affiliates located in other nine countries, whereas its grain processing
business is operated through 32 facilities located in 14 countries, of which
four consolidated and 14 non-consolidated affiliates are located in Africa,
South America, and the Caribbean. In addition, through its marine business, the
company provides direct services between 26 countries. The company has a network
of offices and agents across the US, Canada, Latin America, and the Caribbean
Basin to book both northbound and southbound cargo to and from the US and
between the countries it serves. Furthermore, the company markets its sugarcane
and alcohol in the US and in select South American countries. Such wide
geographic operations help the company to reap more benefits eventually
improving the profit margins, apart from attaining economies of scale and
recognition on a worldwide basis.
STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In FY2010, the company delivered a strong financial performance and reported
revenue of US$4,385.70 million during the year, which represented a 21.78%
increase compared with US$3,601.3 million in FY2009. The increase in revenues
was due to an increase in the selling prices of pork products, increased
commodities trading volumes, and higher cargo volumes recorded by its Marine
segment. In addition, the company's operating margin increased from 0.66% in the
FY2009 to 7.32% in FY2010. Subsequently, its net margin increased from 2.57% in
the FY2009 to 6.47% in the FY2010. This increase in profits was due to increased
profit margins realized by the company in its Pork, Sugar and the Marine
segments. This strong financial performance helps the company to pursue its
growth and expansion plans

WEAKNESSES:
NARROW CUSTOMER BASE
The company's dependence on limited number of customers for major proportion of
revenues may affect its business operations, if some of these customers cancel
their orders. For example, during FY2010, the company generated 11% of its total
Pork segment's revenues from few customers in Japan through single agent. Also,
during FY2010, the company sold 34% of its power generation to a
government-owned distribution company under a short-term contract. If the
company is unable to use the scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and
category leadership positions to meet growing needs of its customers, its
profitability or volume sales growth may be negatively affected. The loss of any
such key customers may negatively affect the company's sales and profits

OPPORTUNITIES:
STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
The company's focus on making strategic investments will further strengthen and
expand its business operations. Seaboard announced its plans to invest US$211.2
million during the FY2011 on its various business operations. For example, the
company has plans to invest US$33.5 million in Pork segment for additional
finishing barns and to improve its existing facilities and related equipment. In
Marine business, it has plans to invest US$51.4 million for additional cargo
carrying and handling equipment and port development projects. In its Sugar
segment, the company has plans to invest US$18.3 million, of which, US$2.1
million is to be used in completing a 40 megawatt cogeneration power plant, and
the rest on upgrading its existing operations. The focus on capital investment
will further strengthen its position in the market
INDUCTION OF LOW COST POWER BARGE
The company's focus on establishing a low cost power barge will improve its
bottom-line performance. Towards this, Seaboard signed an agreement to sell its
two existing electric power generating facilities in mid 2011. Under the terms
of the agreement, the company will retain its other physical properties of its
power generation business. However, the company announced its plans to construct
a power generation facility capable of generating power from both liquid natural
gas and diesel fuel at an estimated cost of US$125 million. This facility is
mounted on single barge and has a rated capacity of 106 megawatts. This facility
will be operational by the end of 2011 or early 2012. This new facility will be
designed to produce electricity from natural gas or heavy fuel oil depending on
price and availability of fuel stock. Initiatives such as this will minimize the
company's operational cost, which in turn, will improve its bottom-line
performance
ACQUISITION OF A 50% INTEREST IN BUTTERBALL
The company's recent acquisition will extend its portfolio. In December 2010,
the company acquired a 50% non-controlling interest in Butterball from Maxwell
Farms LLC, and GM Acquisition LLC. This acquisition is expected to add branded
and non-branded turkeys, and other turkey products to the company's product
portfolio. Also, this acquisition is expected to add seven processing plants and
several live production and feed milling operations that are strategically
located in Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri and North Carolina. This
transaction is expected to extend the company's geographic reach, as Butterball
supplies its products to over 30 countries, and exports its products to Mexico
and other countries. This acquisition marks the entry of Seaboard into the
turkey products market

THREATS:
OCCURRENCE OF DISEASES TO LIVESTOCK
The company is subject to risks related to its ability to maintain animal health
and control diseases. Seaboard may be required to destroy infected livestock, if
the livestock are affected by disease, which, in turn, may adversely affect the
company's production or ability to sell or export its products. Moreover, the
herd health of third party suppliers may adversely affect the supply and cost of
pigs available for purchase by Seaboard. Adverse publicity concerning any
disease or health concern may also force the customers to scrutinize the safety
and quality of Seaboard's pork products. Such health risks to livestock may
adversely affect the production of the company
COMPLEX LAWS AND REGULATIONS
The company is subject to complex laws and regulations that can adversely affect
the feasibility of doing business. Its operations are subject to extensive
government regulations at both the federal and state levels and at times at the
local level environmental laws and requirements governing environmental
protection, operation of vessels significantly, worker health and safety, port
and terminal security. Moreover, the government maritime regulations being
enforced by the US Coast Guard, US Customs, Border Protection and the Federal
Maritime Commission may present operational challenges for its marine business
segment. Seaboard has to comply with all such stringent governmental
regulations, and failure to comply with the regulations may result in the
company facing penalties or impose new liabilities on the company or may hamper
its existing operations, which may result in a material decline in its
profitability in the short term.
FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RISK
The company operates in many parts of the world and is exposed to the
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. Seaboard conducts its business
operations, transacting in many currencies worldwide. A significant part of its
revenue is denominated in other currencies such as Euro, South African Rand,
Canadian Dollar, and Japanese Yen, among others. Although the company has
forward currency contracts, there can be no assurance that such hedging
activities or measures limiting the impact of movements in exchange rates on the
company's results of operations. Indeed, the company had foreign currency gain
of US$1.3 million and US$2.4 million in FY2010 and FY2009, respectively, whereas
in FY2008, the company incurred foreign currency loss of US$19.7 million. The
company may also incur losses in the future due to fluctuations in currency
transactions, which may affect its results of operations


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  September 11, 2001 Tuesday Marshall Edition

Governor freezes hiring, delays projects;
Freeze will affect 1,000 vacancies; scores of building programs on hold

BYLINE: By MARTIN DeAGOSTINO; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 484 words


INDIANAPOLIS -- Against a backdrop of tumbling state revenues, Gov. Frank
O'Bannon on Monday announced a state hiring freeze and the postponement of about
$167 million in state building projects and other capital expenses.

The hiring freeze will affect an estimated 1,000 vacancies in state government,
and the building pause will affect scores of scheduled projects at universities,
prisons, state parks and state hospitals, among others.

O'Bannon also ordered a 50 percent cut in out-of-state travel by executive
branch employees, a move that will save $2 million.

O'Bannon described the moves as a stomp on the brakes as he drives a state
budget that has fast exceeded available revenues.

"If we keep driving at the pace our budget has us on, we're going to hit the
wall," O'Bannon said. "We won't be able to avoid a further fiscal crisis. But if
we step on the brakes and drive smarter, we'll be able to stay, I think, a good
course."

O'Bannon's announcement followed the release of disappointing revenue figures
for August.

According to the State Budget Agency, the state's take from its three biggest
revenue sources -- the sales, income and corporate-income taxes -- was $41.3
million less than expected. That follows an $83.2 million difference between
actual and expected revenues in July."That's just two months," O'Bannon said,
"and it's on top of a budget that overspends our revenues by $500 million, and a
court decision that'll add another $100 million to that budget."

If the bad news continues, O'Bannon said, the state may need to pursue
additional taxes -- he mentioned a cigarette tax increase -- or even last-resort
cuts in education spending.

"That's possible," he said.

House and Senate Republicans dismissed both avenues while approving what they
called the "modest measures" announced by the Democratic governor.

House Minority Leader Rep. Brian Bosma, R-Indianapolis, said O'Bannon appeared
to be setting the stage for a general tax increase that Republicans would
oppose.

Sen. Thomas Wyss, R-Fort Wayne, said O'Bannon was sending the right message
about saving but the wrong message about taxes and education. "Nothing's sacred
when you don't have enough money," Wyss said, "but let's don't talk about
education right out of the gate."

Wyss and Bosma said O'Bannon has the authority as governor to not spend money
that legislators have appropriated, and they urged him to do that by managing a
difficult budget situation on the spending side of the ledger.

"Nobody has proven that you need a tax increase, yet," Wyss said.

State Budget Director Betty Cockrum said the administration will announce more
savings measures over the next month, probably in piecemeal fashion. But she
dismissed the idea that O'Bannon can simply withhold significant amounts of
appropriated funds "without a serious cut in K-12 and higher education."


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Gene Tests May Help Predict Outcomes in Advanced Ovarian Cancer

LENGTH: 694  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: National Health Information Center has issued the following news
release:



 A special genetic test might help gauge outcomes for women diagnosed with
ovarian cancer, a new study suggests.



 As researchers at the University of Washington in Seattle explained, advanced
ovarian cancer doesn't progress as rapidly in women who have mutations in
certain "DNA repair" genes, known as homologous recombination (HR) genes.





 Women with the disease who also have these mutations may survive longer, said a
team led by gynecologic oncologist Dr. Barbara Norquist.



 The finding may also someday help guide treatment, the researchers said.



 Experts said the findings highlight the increasing role of DNA tests in cancer
care.



 There's a "wealth of new information that is being generated with regard to the
genetics of ovarian cancer, and this study shows how useful such information can
be in the everyday management of patients," said Dr. Mitchell Maiman, chair of
obstetrics and gynecology at Staten Island University Hospital in New York City.




 The new study came out of a phase 3 clinical drug trial involving Norquist's
team.



 The researchers wondered if having mutations in DNA repair genes might affect a
woman's response to combination drug therapy for ovarian cancer.



 The study found that the mutations did not affect whether or not a patient
would respond to the treatment, but they did affect patient outcomes --
including how long the women might live and remain disease-free.



 "This is important prognostic information for patients, and highlights the
importance of knowing genetic status in clinical trials in ovarian cancer,"
Norquist said in a news release from the Society of Gynecologic Oncology.



 For the study, the researchers sequenced DNA from blood or tumors or both from
nearly 1,200 women using a gene panel test called BROCA-HR.



 They found that close to 26 percent of the women had a mutation in at least one
of a number of genes predicted to affect DNA repair.



 For women without mutations, the median progression-free survival (meaning no
progression of disease) was just over a year, while the overall survival was
about 3.5 years, the study found.



 Carrying a DNA repair gene mutation seemed to extend survival, Norquist's team
found.



 For example, for women with mutations in the BRCA1 gene, the outlook was
greatly improved. Average progression-free survival was 15.7 months, while their
overall survival was 55.3 months (about 4.5 years).



 For those with BRCA2 mutations, median progression-free survival was just under
22 months, while overall survival was a little more than 75 months (more than
six years).



 All of the women who carried mutations in DNA repair genes "had significantly
better progression-free and overall survival when compared to those with no
mutations," Norquist noted.



 "This underscores the message that women with any type of ovarian cancer should
have genetic testing, and they should be included in clinical trials of drugs
that work best in the setting of HR [gene] defects," she said.



 For his part, Maiman said the results of the study are "obviously dramatically
pertinent for both clinicians and patients alike.



 "Although the findings in this study do not directly alter treatment
guidelines, the dramatic differences in prognosis with regard to both overall
and progression-free survival in mutation-carrier groups can now provide a bit
of optimism in those affected," he said.



 Dr. David Fishman directs the Cancer Center at NewYork-Presbyterian/Queens
hospital in New York City. He agreed that the study "demonstrates the rapidly
evolving use of genetics to optimize and individualize cancer care.



 "We are now entering the era of molecular [classification] of cancer which will
allow us to optimize patient care," Fishman said.



 The findings were expected to be presented on Saturday in San Diego at the
Society of Gynecologic Oncology's annual meeting. Findings presented at medical
meetings are typically considered preliminary until published in a peer-reviewed
journal.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              May 9, 2009 Saturday

Injury may put pianist's career in jeopardy;
Mom says she's getting better after beach accident, but future is still in
doubt.

BYLINE: DREW DIXON

SECTION: Pg. L-1

LENGTH: 656 words


The injuries to the woman who was run over by a Jacksonville Beach police
officer as she lay on the beach May 1 could affect her career as an accomplished
pianist, her mother said this week.

"Every day, she is a little bit better," Elizabeth Giffin said of her daughter,
Anne Marie Giffin. "But complications can arise with blood clots. So we really
don't know. But it is the bones that are injured and also a nerve in her back.
They've also now discovered she does have a spinal injury."

Anne Marie Giffin, 41, of Jacksonville, who also has a head wound and broken
bones in her chest and pelvis, remained listed in good condition this week at
Shands Jacksonville hospital. She was in critical condition after being run over
by a police sport utility vehicle as she was sunbathing on the beach about 3:15
p.m. near the 14th Avenue South public beach access.

Giffin is known in the area as an exceptional concert pianist and piano teacher.
She has performed several times as a soloist with the Jacksonville Symphony
Orchestra and in music festivals and concerts, her mother said.

The future of that career is uncertain, Elizabeth Giffin said.

"I think we're still in shock," she said. "Emotionally, that might affect her.
But the biggest thing is the spinal injury, which could affect her arms. That
would affect her if that turns out to be a real problem."

Her daughter also has skin lacerations after the undercarriage of the Chevrolet
Trailblazer driven by officer Lewis Keller struck her twice after a U-turn,
Elizabeth Giffin said.

Elizabeth Giffin said her daughter can speak and is fully conscious in her
hospital room. A brace on her back and shoulder area limits the mobility of her
head and her body movement is limited as her skin wounds continue to heal.

Jacksonville Beach police spokesman Sgt. Thomas Bingham said Keller returned to
duty Wednesday but that he was assigned administrative work until an internal
affairs investigation is complete. After the initial investigation, police ruled
Keller will not get a traffic citation.

"Any type of large event or large accident or shooting, the officer's
automatically put on administrative leave pending the outcome of the internal,"
said Bingham. "This way, he's being paid and he's working on administrative
duties instead of being at home."

Bingham said Keller could still be disciplined.

Elizabeth Giffin said police have seemed compassionate toward her daughter and
that Chief Bruce Thomason called to express concern.

"I've talked to them several times. They have thought this is a very serious
situation," said Elizabeth Giffin. "They have shown sympathy and compassion, all
of them I have talked to."

The retired Duval County public school teacher said she taught for 38 years, so
she understands the pressures of public service. She said she's not going to
heap judgment on the police.

"I think policemen are doing their duties and are doing it well," said Elizabeth
Giffin, who lives on Jacksonville's Westside. "I don't know details about what's
happening here. I haven't seen the police report.

"I'm sure the officer did not intend to do this," she said. "I feel that he is a
victim too, in that he is also suffering. ... I definitely feel empathy for the
officer and the emotional trauma I know he's going through."

A Jacksonville Beach police detective was at the trauma unit at Shands when
Elizabeth Giffin arrived to see her daughter and she said police have answered
most of her questions.

Meanwhile, her daughter is participating in physical therapy at the hospital and
is greeting visitors. Elizabeth Giffin said her daughter's tragedy has brought
her friends and associates closer together.

"Everybody that knows her is stunned and unhappy," said Elizabeth Giffin. "In
the way of phone calls, visitors and flowers, there's been a lot of that. It's
brought many people that she's known for years back into her life."

Drew Dixon can also be reached at (904) 249-4947, ext. 6313.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Giffin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             March 20, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Sidney man beating survival odds;
Matthew Blake has Marfan syndrome, which affects connective tissue and weakens
artery walls.

BYLINE: BETTY ADAMS Blethen Maine News Service

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 492 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Matthew Blake turns 40 this month. For most people, it would be just a birthday.
For Blake, it's a miracle - his second. Complications from Marfan syndrome
almost killed him when he was 18, and he's been lucky to survive a half-dozen
surgeries since then.

"I'm feeling good, a little tired," said Blake, who lives in Sidney. "All I
wanted to do was see my kids grow up happy and healthy, and that's what I've
done. I live every day to the fullest and I just love life."

Marfan syndrome affects connective tissue and weakens artery walls, according to
the American Heart Association. It affects one in 5,000 Americans, some more
severely than others.

The inherited disease took Blake's father at age 33 and his brother at 35. The
National Marfan Foundation says a child of a parent with Marfan syndrome has a
50-50 chance of inheriting it; Blake's children do not have the syndrome.

Blake's mother, Shirley Turner of Jefferson, credits Blake's long survival to a
number of things: modern medicine; a special valve on his aorta; a lifesaving
trip 20 years ago to Texas; and a miraculous recovery from a vegetative state.

Blake, in turn, credits Turner for always being there for him.

"My mom's been by my side during every surgery," he said.

"I've had six open-heart surgeries either in Portland or Texas, and the last one
was in Massachusetts at the Lahey Clinic, about a year and a half ago. It was
the hardest one because I'm getting older."

Blake has lived long enough to watch his three children grow up and to hold his
grandson, Ashton, now 15 months old. Blake also has survived two years beyond
the 20 years his heart valve was expected to continue working.

As an 18-year-old, Blake made headlines in the Kennebec Journal in a story
headlined "Miracle Kid fights for life."

The story details his struggle after an aortic aneurysm ruptured in October
1984. During emergency surgery to repair the aorta in Portland, he suffered a
massive stroke that left him in a coma.

"He barely made it through surgery," said Turner. "They told me he was a
vegetable. Then he started waking up."

That was weeks later.

"When I woke up, I couldn't walk or talk. I didn't know my ABCs," said Blake,
who had taken college-preparatory courses at Gardiner Area High School before
graduating in 1984. "I had to relearn to walk and talk."

A raspy voice resulted from his voice box being rebuilt. "The way I talk now is
different," he said.

Blake spent a dozen years working with mentally handicapped and challenged
adults in Gardiner and Augusta as a developmental trainer's assistant with
Uplift Inc. He retired after he was hurt in a car crash in 2000.

"I qualify for disability," he said. "My kids are growing up and getting older,
and I don't need to work as many hours any more."

He's able to take care of himself and frequently sees his physician, Dr. Roy
Miller of Sheepscot Valley Health Center, and an Augusta cardiologist.

"I've about outlived a lot of my cardiologists," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Blethen Maine News Service photo
by Joe Phelan
Matthew Blake has had six open-heart surgeries.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             July 9, 1996, Tuesday

DUNGY WOULD RATHER FINISH FAST; THE DUNGY FILE

BYLINE: Patrick Zier The Ledger

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 794 words


The Dungy file TAMPA

On Jan. 22, the Tampa Bay Bucs named Tony Dungy as the team's sixth head coach,
replacing Sam Wyche. Prior to coming to Tampa, Dungy served four years as
defensive coordinator for the Minnesota Vikings. This is his first job as a head
coach.

Dungy takes over the Bucs under difficult circumstances, which include a history
of losing and the possibility that the team will leave Tampa.

In this three-part series, he discusses some of the problems and his plans for
the team.

Q. There is a great deal of uncertainty over the future of this team in Tampa,
and a good possibility that this could be the Bucs' last year here.

How does that affect the team and your preparations for the season?

A. It doesn't affect us too much right now. It could be different in September.

If the vote on the stadium does not go well, if that doesn't work, then it could
affect us.

But right now, the players know what they have to do. They have to get ready for
the season. That has to be their focus, not where they're going to play.

Q. In view of the team's unsettled situation, its history of losing seasons and
a new coaching staff, is it important to get off to a fast start?

A. It's always good to have the other teams chasing you, to have that momentum.

But the season is 16 games, and you have to remember that. Last year,
Philadelphia and Indianapolis struggled at the start and San Francisco and
Kansas City got off to great starts.

But if you can't sustain it, you don't wind up the way you want to.

The most important thing is to finish strong in December. That's when you want
to be playing your best football.

What you do in September isn't important if you're not playing well in October,
November.

What you hope is that you get a little better each month.

Q. If this is the team's last year here, you could face hostile crowds at home.
Does that concern you?

A. It's our job as coaches to get the team ready to play week in and week out
regardless of the circumstances. Our goal is to make the playoffs. The other
part doesn't depend on us.

As far as the fans are concerned, I don't think there's a great deal of public
confidence in this team, and there won't be until we get the job done.

Q. Can this team win now?

A. I definitely think they (the players) think the talent is here. I think I
know what it takes to win, and we (the coaches) have to convey that to the team.

The players have a commitment to do what it takes to win, and the staff has a
group of professional guys who have been in playoff situations. Most of the
college guys have been in some kind of bowl, so almost everybody's been in a
situation where they were winners.

If we can develop that attitude, it will turn into wins on the field. We need to
get our system down, work on it. The players have to believe in it, and you
never know what happens to spark that belief. Our success will depend on how
long that takes, how quick we can get everybody thinking the same way.

Q. It's taken you a long time to land a head coaching job. Many people felt you
were qualified, but that the race issue kept you from getting hired. Do you
think there's prejudice against black coaches in the NFL?

A. I don't know. Everyone looks for specific things in a coach. That could have
been a factor. Hopefully, we'll get more black head coaches. I think a lot of it
is what people visualize in a head coach. It depends on what an owner is looking
for. Does he want someone with an offensive background? Defense? Does he want a
disciplinarian? I don't know what factors enter in. I think the success of
coaches like Dennis Green (Minnesota) and Ray Rhodes (Philadelphia) helps.
(Along with Dungy, Green and Rhodes are the only three black head coaches in the
NFL.)

Q. You've been on the job a while now, had a chance to settle in. Has it been
pretty much what you've expected?

A. For the most part, it's been fun, and it's been about what I expected. Herman
Edwards (assistant head coach) has been a big help. Overall, I think things have
gone pretty smoothly so far.

WEDNESDAY: The Bucs' offense.

Name: Anthony Kevin Dungy.

Date and place of birth: Oct. 6, 1955, Jackson, Mich.

Family: Wife Lauren, children Tiara, 11; James, 9; Eric, 4.

College: University of Minnesota, B.A. in business administration.

Player: Quarterback, Minnesota, 1973-76; signed as free agent by Pittsburgh 1977
and converted to safety. With Pittsburgh 1977-78, San Francisco 1979.

Coach: University of Minnesota, defensive backs, 1980; Pittsburgh Steelers,
defensive assistant, 1981; defensive backs, 1982-83; defensive coordinator,
1984-88; Kansas City Chiefs, defensive backs, 1989-91; Minnesota Vikings,
defensive coordinator, 1992-95.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1996 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Soliton Clothing

                                1111 Ibex Square
                               Ventura,  CA 93003
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.solitonclothing.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 74

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Soliton is a clothing and merchandise company. We believe fashion can be used
for much more than vanity. Soliton is a Greek noun that means "an unstoppable
wave of energy". They way I see it is when I do something that affects a
person's life in a positive way, that will continue to move out and affect
others lives. (Like that movie "Pay It Forward",great flick, go check it out.)
The way I see it, nothing exists without the power of God and we have nothing
outside of the "life in abundance" He came down here to give us. When we are
walking closely to Him and are in the place He wants us to be, we hold a
potential to allow His power and character to shape and mold us in a way that we
in turn will affect and change our world in ways we never imagined. That is the
unstoppable energy; His working through us. And the waves continue to
expand....and more pebbles (us) get thrown into the pond (earth)....endless
possibilites.  Soliton strives to be socially, politically, environmently,
scientifically and spiritually aware of what is going on around us and in the
world. Social part - we support the Syrenthia Savio Endowment or SSE. This
organization raises money for women who cannot afford the rising cost of
fighting breast cancer. You can also check out www.shirtsforacure.com .(maybe a
band you like is on there and you can join the battle and help some people.) We
want the bands we sponsor to choose a charity they believe in and donate a
design to help raise money for a charity they

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 11, 2011 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Flood victims mired in confusion as FEMA promotes insurance

BYLINE: Bill Draperby Bill Draper

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 562 words


KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Insurance agents in states along the swollen Missouri River
say federal officials are causing widespread confusion by pushing the sale of
flood insurance policies that may not cover damage from the current flooding.

The insurance companies say policies specify that only those purchased at least
two months before the damage happened will cover it. But the Federal Emergency
Management Agency is telling landowners to buy the insurance anyway, and that
some damage might be covered under the insurance program's complicated rules.

The confusion is increasing the anxiety along the river as the flooding
continues. The flood is expected to last another two months and affect six
states, from North Dakota to Missouri. The insurance questions affect people
whose property normally doesn't flood and who waited to buy coverage.

"They won't give you a clear answer," said Larry Case, executive vice president
of the Missouri Association of Insurance Agents. "It causes issues for agents
because they get frustrated when they can't give policyholders a definitive
answer."

The questions primarily affect property owners who waited until recently to
decide on flood insurance because their property usually doesn't flood. The
extensive flooding this year - the worst since 1993 - is threatening thousands
of acres that normally remain dry during floods. The federal government has been
encouraging more property owners along the river to make longer-term commitments
to insurance.

"We've got to communicate with people that you can't wait until the last minute
to buy flood insurance," said Brad Kieserman, FEMA's chief counsel.

The number of landowners who bought policies that may or may not cover the
Missouri flooding is not known. Towns, homes and farmland in North Dakota, South
Dakota, Nebraska, Iowa, Kansas and Missouri are under water or threatened by the
flooding, which began this month.

The confusion about coverage mostly stems from a 30-day waiting period in flood
insurance policies. According to FEMA, the Missouri flood officially began June
1, so only policies bought by May 2 would have gone into effect and therefore
would cover the resulting damage. On June 1, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
increased water flow through the Garrison Dam in North Dakota to relieve
pressure from torrential rains and heavy snow melt.

But the agency has continued to encourage people downstream to buy the
insurance, noting that some damage might still be covered if it is attributed to
locally heavy rains or other conditions not affected by the waiting period.
Property owners could buy the insurance, then wait for an adjuster to decide
whether any damage is covered.

"When you have basinwide flooding like we're experiencing this year and like we
experienced in 1993, June 1 is not going to be the date that every individual
policyholder is going to be held accountable for," Kieserman said.

But many homeowners, already strapped in a tight economy, may be reluctant to
pay for insurance without a guarantee that it will cover their losses.

Sen. John Hoeven (R-N.D.) said many people thought they had more time to secure
coverage. "People who are not in the heart of your flood plain didn't have
insurance because they never had been flooded," Hoeven said. He said many
property owners believe FEMA should have provided more information earlier.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 15, 1999, Friday

THIS GAME NOT ON THE LEVEL
ALTITUDE FAVORS DENVER

BYLINE: By GARY MYERS

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  92

LENGTH: 727 words


ENGEWOOD, Colo.  The Broncos have issued a warning to the Jets from 5,280 feet
above sea level: Beware the air. The mile-high air.

John Elway, Terrell Davis and the altitude. All obstacles for the Jets in
Sunday's AFC championship game. They can game plan for Elway and Davis, but
there's nothing they can do about the altitude.

"On 12-play drives, it's going to hurt them," one Bronco said yesterday. "Chests
could tighten, their lungs and back of their throats could burn and you feel
like you are in cement."

Bill Parcells coached one year at the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs,
about an hour from here, where it's actually a little more than one mile high.
He knows about the altitude and has spent the week downplaying it. "I don't
think they are moving the game to sea level, so I think we just have to go
play," he said.

The Broncos say the altitude can be a problem for them, too, but not as bad as
it is for a visiting team because they practice and play in it. Backup
quarterback Bubby Brister remembers when he came here with the Steelers for a
playoff game in January 1990.

"Dermontti Dawson went out with altitude sickness and a couple of other guys
went out sick," he said. "Everybody was sucking oxygen over there at the end. We
got beat by one point. At the end of the game, the altitude and the crowd really
hurt us."

The reaction to the altitude depends on the individual. It may not be a burden
at all or it could be a big problem.

"They might have a team where it affects nobody," said Bronco fullback Howard
Griffith, who also played at Mile High when he was with Carolina. "It's a mental
aspect. Even if it doesn't affect you, you've heard all week that you're going
to Mile High and the altitude is going to affect you. Even if it doesn't really
affect your game, it's already been embedded in your mind. If you allow it
mentally to be a block, it's an advantage for us."

Or, as defensive end Neil Smith said, "Psychologically, it's going to be there.
It ain't going to hide."

Davis said when he arrived in Denver in 1995 he had a tough time adjusting to
the altitude. "You get acclimated to it," he said. "When I first got here, I
came in April and had to work out. The first two weeks I was working, my muscles
were tight. The first day I couldn't even walk, and was throwing up all the
time. That was just during workouts. After you play a season, it doesn't wear on
you too much."

Oxygen tanks will be on both sidelines Sunday and both teams will be sucking
air. The tanks are there for every game in the NFL, not just in Denver. They
just might get a little more use here.

"The issue relates to those that live and train at altitude having better
oxygen-carrying capacity in their red blood cells. They can carry better oxygen
and distribute it as needed," Dr. Rich Hawkins, the Broncos team physician, said
yesterday.

"For those that come from sea level, initially they are all right, but as they
work harder, it begins to wear on them. It's not uncommon for the fourth quarter
to come along for the opposing team to be a little bit tired. It does affect us,
too. But it affects us less than someone who lives at sea level."

There is also a belief that if a team plays the game within a couple of days of
arriving in Denver, the altitude is not as big a problem. That could work to the
Jets' advantage.

Dave Kendall, who has been the Chiefs trainer since 1984 and thus makes one trip
a year to Mile High, said he didn't think the altitude "was that big of an
issue. I can't say over the course of my entire career I ever felt the altitude
was a definite factor in the outcome of a game."

Not even in the fourth quarter? "Unless we have a three-point lead and have to
chase Elway around," he said.

Griffith said, "The altitude affects people differently. Some people can't
sleep. Some people get nosebleeds."

And on game day? "You really notice it if you get involved in a long drive," he
said. "It doesn't really affect your ability. You just need to get out of the
game and catch your breath."

Beware the air.

Graphic: Sky-Scraping Stadium.  Maybe it's the altitude, maybe it's the team,
but the Broncos seem to have a huge edge at home.

Mile High Stadium...the site rests about 5,280 ft. above sea level.

Empire State Building...rises 1,250 ft. above sea level.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 7, 2013

                        Central Pacific Financial Corp.

                             220 South King Street
                                 Honolulu 96813
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Central Pacific through its Central Pacific Bank subsidiary provides a variety
of banking services and products. Wide range of offerings and capital adequacy
are the key strengths of the company, even as declining financial performance
and overdependence on select region remains a major area of concern. Going
forward, the risks associated with intense competition and fluctuations in
interest rates may affect its business performance. However, growing commercial
real-estate property lending market and recovering US economy will provide ample
growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
WIDE RANGE OF OFFERINGS
The company's wide offerings provide an opportunity for the company to cater to
the various needs of the consumers and generate higher revenues. The company
through its subsidiaries provides commercial loans, construction loans,
commercial and residential mortgage loans and consumer loans to small and middle
market businesses. The service offering includes personal and business banking
such as checking, savings, loans and lines of credit, credit cards, wire
transfers, wire processing, foreign exchange, trust services, private banking,
investment services, mortgages, online banking, online bill pay, remote deposit
central, eBills and UChoose rewards. Wealth management services such as private
banking, trust and investment management and central pacific investments.
Residential mortgage loans such as conforming loans, jumbo and non conforming
loans, federal housing administration loans (FHA), veterans administration loans
(VA), second mortgages and home equity, closed-end loans, reverse mortgage loans
and home equity lines of credit. The company's wide range of offerings helps it
to cater to a wide range of customers, which in turn, helps it to generate more
revenues.
CAPITAL ADEQUACY
Central Pacific has a good capital base ensuring capital adequacy to support its
organic and inorganic growth with the secured and unsecured nature of its
lending. The good capital management initiatives and moderate risk weighted
asset (RWA) growth have enabled the bank to strengthen its capital position. As
on December 31, 2011, the company reported total capital ratio of 24.20% of its
total risk-based capital, leverage ratio of 13.80% and tier I ratio of 22.90%,
these ratios have met the Bank MOU and regulatory requirement. Hence, a sound
capital management initiative of the company's strengthens its business profile,
which in turn enables it to carry out its growth and expansion plans.

WEAKNESSES:
DECLINING FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
The company recorded a decline in the financial performance in FY2011, which is
an area of concern. The company's recorded an annual revenue decline of 15.11%
over FY2010. The company annual revenue in FY2011 was US$136.45 million compared
with US$160.75 million in FY2010. Decrease in the revenue was due to decrease of
net interest income of the company when compared with that of previous years.
The operating expenses have increased compared with FY2010 as a result it
affects the operating and net income of the company. Such performance may affect
the ability to pursue its growth plans, aggressively.
OVERDEPENDENCE ON SELECT REGIONS
The company's overdependence on select regions for major portion of its
operating income may affect its business operations, if the regions experience
any political and economical change. The company generates all of its revenue
from the state of Hawaii. Such a high dependence on specific regions makes the
company vulnerable to risks associated with those regions.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWING COMMERCIAL REAL-ESTATE PROPERTY LENDING MARKET
The growing commercial property lending market may enhance the company's top
line growth. US banks have increased by US$5.00 billion lending for commercial
real estate and apartment buildings for the first time in nearly two years in
the fourth quarter of 2011. It was the first expansion of commercial real estate
loans since the first quarter 2010. There is a significant increase in the
overall banks loan balances with a rose of US$130.1 billion, or 1.8 percent, in
the fourth quarter from the third. In addition, in January 2012, the US Commerce
Department revised growth of fourth-quarter gross domestic product up to a 3.00%
annual rate, from 2.8 percent. Improved commercial property lending market
provides significant opportunities for Central Pacific to expand its commercial
and real estate operations.
RECOVERING US ECONOMY
Central Pacific is in a well position to get benefited from the recovering US
economy. The economy of the US is expected to recover and achieve a growth in
2012. According to the recent report, it is expected that the GDP of the country
is going to achieve a growth of 2.00% to 2.30% in 2012 which is higher than
1.70% in 2011. In addition, the unemployment rate is expected to decrease to
below 8.50% by 2013. Furthermore, it is also estimated that the inflation will
be slipping down to 2.00% in 2012, compared to 3.00% in 2011. The recovery in
economy will give opportunities to the company to enhance its revenues in the
future.

THREATS:
INTENSE COMPETITION
Central Pacific operates in a highly competitive market. It faces intense
competition with several financial service providers in its regional markets
such as commercial banks and thrifts, specialty and commercial finance
companies, private investment funds, insurance companies and investment banks.
In addition, the company competes with other financial intermediaries, which
includes securities brokers and dealers, personal loan companies, finance
companies, and certain governmental agencies. This highly competitive market may
adversely affect the company's revenue and earnings, if the company fails to
retain and attract clients and customers.
FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES
Changes in interest rates may affect the company's investment performance. The
company's investment portfolio contains interest rate sensitive-investments,
such as corporate bonds. Increase in market interest rates may decrease
unrealized capital gains on fixed income securities of the company's investment
portfolio. Interest rates are highly sensitive to monetary policies of
government, domestic and international economic and political conditions and
other factors beyond the company's control. Focus on crisis exit strategies and
changing monetary policies are expected to increase interest rates across the
world during 2011. In this direction, countries such as Australia and Norway
have already implemented monitory policies and raised interest rates. Such
volatile interest rates might impact the operating performance of the company as
its income and investment returns depend on the level of interest rates.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday

You can lessen impact of rosacea

BYLINE:

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 446 words


DEAR DOCTOR K: I read your column on adult acne with great interest. For years,
I thought I had adult acne, but when I finally saw a doctor, she diagnosed me
with rosacea. I'd like to learn more about this condition.

DEAR READER: Rosacea is a long-lasting skin condition that causes inflammation
and redness of the face. Remember the comic W.C. Fields - and what his nose
looked like? He had rosacea.

Rosacea tends to begin in adults over the age of 30, although it can affect
younger adults and kids. Rosacea is sometimes confused with acne, but acne
usually starts in childhood and affects more of the skin of the face than
rosacea does. Rosacea also has different causes than acne.

Rosacea usually affects fair-skinned people. It is progressive. Most often it
affects the cheeks and nose. It starts with redness that looks like sunburn or
blush. At first, the redness is intermittent. Gradually, it becomes more
noticeable and doesn't go away. It spreads to other areas of the face.

Over time, small, solid red bumps or pus-filled "pimples" appear on the face.
(This explains why rosacea is often mistaken for adult acne.) Visible blood
vessels appear on the surface of the skin.

Doctors are not sure what causes rosacea, but one theory is supported by
scientific studies. Certain bacteria that live on the skin seem to trigger an
unusual immune response in some people. Immune system cells release chemicals to
help attack the bacteria. Unfortunately, the chemical attack also causes
collateral damage that causes the skin to redden and get bumpy.

Fortunately, once rosacea is correctly diagnosed, it is very treatable.
Depending on your symptoms, your doctor may prescribe:

ANTIBIOTICS: Metronidazole cream or gel (MetroCream, MetroGel) is the most
frequently prescribed therapy. Prescription antibiotics, taken by mouth, are
also an option.

AZELAIC ACID (Finacea): This drug, which you apply to your skin, is used for the
inflammatory pimples of mild to moderate rosacea.

BETA-BLOCKERS AND ALPHA ANTAGONISTS: These medications may reduce flushing
through their effect on blood vessels. They are not approved by the Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) to treat rosacea, but many doctors prescribe them
anyway.

ESTROGEN: This female hormone is used when rosacea is aggravated by the hot
flashes of menopause.

LASER TREATMENT: This is used to get rid of dilated blood vessels or to remove
excess nose tissue.

SURGICAL PROCEDURES: Surgical shaving or scraping can also be used to remove
excess nose tissue.

? Dr. Komaroff is a physician and professor at Harvard Medical School. To send
questions, go to AskDoctorK.com, or write: Ask Doctor K, 10 Shattuck St., Second
Floor, Boston, MA 02115.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 3, 2006 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 658 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


LOSS OF JOBS AFFECTS ALL

For all of you good people discussing the proposed new Wal-Mart, a rebroadcast
of the PBS show "Frontline" dealing with this very company is scheduled for
today at 9 p.m. It may in fact open your eyes to what is happening and how it
affects many working people in this country.

If you think that good-paying manufacturing jobs being lost to China and other
countries is not a bad thing, or that it can't or doesn't affect you, just look
at what is happening right here in Lincoln. Longtime local jobs at Goodyear,
Square D, Cushman and others - gone or going away.

The loss of these good-paying jobs does indeed affect you, or will. It may be
your own job that is sacrificed, or that of a loved one, or it might just be the
security of our country being sacrificed by becoming too dependent upon more and
more imported goods.

Glen Isaacs, Unadilla

APPALLED BY SPYING LEAK

I'm appalled about the revelation that President Bush had phones tapped without
a warrant. Not that he did it, with approval from select congressional oversight
committees to eavesdrop on al-Qaida communication within the U.S., but that
someone on one of these committees told the New York Times.

Sen. Chuck Hagel wants a congressional hearing to investigate the president's
actions, actions presidents have performed for decades for national security.
Not because anything illegal has been done, but because he, and other members of
Congress whining about this, aren't special enough to be advised as members of
these committees. I'm a registered Republican who voted for Hagel, and I've had
it with his political posturing.

Our nation doesn't need more people as part of this decision-making process. It
increases the risk of people blabbing information to the press, for political
reasons, about what the United States is doing to defeat our enemies.

Tom McLaughlin, Lincoln

A LITTLE WELL-PLACED FEAR

Let's just have an up or down vote on the next U.S. Supreme Court justice. Let
them have their day, let the senators ask questions, deliberate and vote. Every
candidate should get a vote, it's his or her right, and it's only fair. Let
democracy reign.

Unless of course, you don't like the candidate. Then they are talked to death
and quietly encouraged to disappear by the same people preaching fairness
through television and radio. It's only right to apply fair play and the law
when it suits us and bury it when it gets in our way. All you need is a shovel
and a little well-placed fear.

We are the good guys. We do not torture prisoners, we do not hold people in jail
for months without charging them, and we do not expose our own undercover
operatives; we play by the rules. Unless you are part of the Bush administration
- then you just keep shoveling.

And now our government is spying on its own citizens in their own country with
no judicial oversight. We offer to others the democracy our relatives and
neighbors died for, while we suspend these same rights for ourselves.  And this
president, who has consistently gotten his facts completely wrong, has set
himself above the law using fear as leverage again.

According to our Constitution, the executive branch signs or vetoes legislation,
they are not allowed to make it up.

Thanks, Sen. Chuck Hagel, for having the courage to vote against extending some
provisions of the Patriot Act. Our government should not need to spy on us to
keep us safe. Surveillance and secrets do not make a democracy strong.
Furthermore, it is not possible to uphold and defend the Constitution while
trampling it to death.

Steven D. Burbach, Lincoln

PITY TIE-BREAKER CHENEY

I don't know about the rest of the citizenry, but I think it's an American
travesty that the vice president of the United States of America had to cut
short his trip and return to Washington, D.C., to cast the deciding vote to cut
Medicare and Medicaid benefits to the old and poor.

I bet he even had to miss some Christmas parties.

Gary M. Miller, Bellevue

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Sacramento Bee (California)

                            January 22, 2006, Sunday

The Sacramento Bee, Calif., Jack Sirard column

BYLINE: By Jack Sirard

LENGTH: 1166 words



CHANGES WILL AFFECT '05 TAXES: Hurricane Katrina, rising fuel prices and earnest
attempts to simplify some federal tax laws all add up to significant changes
this year.

And although you've got three months until the April 15 filing deadline for 2005
taxes, tax advisers say now's a great time to start gathering up your far-flung
tax documents.

Many banks and financial service companies soon will begin mailing out 1099 tax
forms and, by the end of the month, your employer should have your W-2 form
ready.

In addition to sorting through your records and receipts, it's a good idea to
grab last year's tax form as a guide.

But before you sit down to start the number crunching, there are several changes
that could affect your federal tax return.

Both Mark Luscombe, principal tax analyst with CCH Inc. in Chicago, and IRS
spokesman Bill Steiner in Sacramento say there are changes that can affect
nearly every taxpayer.

Luscombe, whose company provides tax and accounting law information, software
and services, says that among the notable changes were those instituted after
Hurricane Katrina struck in August.

Many of the tax changes don't directly affect California residents as much as
those who were living in the devastated areas.

But taxpayers who donated more than half their adjusted gross income to
hurricane relief or who provided housing for hurricane victims are eligible for
tax breaks on their 2005 returns. Businesses that hired people displaced by the
hurricanes last year also can receive a one-time tax credit, Steiner said.

Perhaps the most confusing change, Luscombe says, occurred when federal tax
writers tried to simplify the definition of a child -- in tax terms.

Starting in 2005, the IRS will use the same definition of a child for each of
the following tax situations: dependency exemption, head of household filing
status, earned income credit (EIC), child tax credit and credit for child and
dependent care expenses.

In general, to claim a child as a dependent, you must meet certain criteria
regarding the relationship, residency, age and level of financial support.

"By and large, Congress was trying to be helpful to make the definition uniform
and expansive enough for all cases," he says. He warns that there likely will be
cases where a taxpayer who previously received a tax credit for a child would no
longer be eligible.

To clear up confusion, Steiner recommends reading IRS Publication 503, Child and
Dependent Care Expenses.

Other changes that taxpayers should be aware of include:

-- Charitable contributions of vehicles. If you donated a vehicle (or a boat or
an aircraft) to a qualified charitable group in 2005, your deduction is limited
to the gross proceeds from its sale by the recipient.

Steiner says you generally can deduct the car's fair market value if the
organization uses the car or gives the vehicle to a needy individual.

You also must have a written, detailed acknowledgment of your donation from the
organization and attach it to your tax return.

These rules apply if the claimed value of the donated vehicle is more than $
500. Because the vehicle donation rules are much tighter than in previous years,
Steiner recommends reading Notice 2005-44 and the 2005 revision of Publication
526, Charitable Contributions.

-- Hybrid vehicles. The maximum tax credit for a hybrid vehicle purchased in
2005 is $ 2,000.

-- Personal exemptions. The amount you can deduct for each personal exemption
has increased by $ 100 to $ 3,200 in 2005.

-- Retirement savings plans. If you have a traditional IRA and are covered by a
retirement plan at work, the income ceiling has been increased for eligible
deductions. The amounts vary depending on filing status.

At the same time, the IRA deduction itself has been expanded. The amount that
you can deduct for an IRA contribution will increase to $ 4,000 (or $ 4,500 for
those age 50 or older).

-- Standard deductions. In most cases, the standard deduction for taxpayers who
do not itemize on their tax return is higher for 2005. The amount depends on
your filing status, whether you are 65 or older or blind, and whether an
exemption can be claimed for you by another taxpayer.

The basic standard deduction amounts for 2005 are:

Head of household, $ 7,300; married filing jointly and qualifying widow(er)s, $
10,000; married filing separately, $ 5,000; and single, $ 5,000.

-- Standard mileage rates.

Due to rising gas prices in 2005, the IRS upped its standard mileage rate last
September, which means you'll need to calculate two different rates.

From Jan. 1 through Aug. 31, 2005, the standard mileage rates for tax purposes
are: Business miles, 40.5 cents; using your car for charitable services, 14
cents a mile; medical reasons, 15 cents a mile; moving, 15 cents a mile.

For the period Sept. 1 through Dec. 31, 2005, most rates were notched up several
cents a mile, as follows: Business miles, 48.5 cents a mile; charitable services
remains at 14 cents a mile; medical reasons, 22 cents a mile; moving, 22 cents a
mile.

These are just a few of the changes in this year's tax forms, which is why it's
so important to carefully read your tax booklet instructions. If you don't fully
understand the details, get professional advice.


TAXING TIMES: Here are some of the key income tax changes for 2005:

-- If you are filing a paper tax return, you may be mailing it to a different
address this year because the IRS has changed some filing locations. If you
received an envelope with your tax package, use it.

-- You no longer can use Telefile to file your tax return by phone;
increasingly, taxpayers are expected to file electronically.

-- It's now easy to obtain an automatic six-month extension to file your tax
return, using Form 4868.

-- Due to higher fuel costs, most standard mileage rates increased.

-- The amount you can contribute to your IRA and 401(k) retirement plans went
up.

-- If you donated a car, a boat or an airplane to a charitable organization last
year, you'll need to provide detailed documentation. In most cases, the donated
value is what the car sells for auction, not its fair market value.

-- In the wake of last year's hurricane devastation, the IRS issued numerous
changes for both donors and victims. If you're a hurricane victim, information
on tax matters is available at (866) 562-5227.

For more information on 2005 tax law changes, visit the IRS Web site at
www.irs.gov


The Bee's Jack Sirard can be reached at (916) 321-1041 or jsirard@sacbee.com.


-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-SIRARD-COL-20060122

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2006 Sacramento Bee (California)


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 4, 2000, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

POLLUTION'S IMPACT ON DEVELOPMENT OF CHILDREN NEEDS STUDY, GROUPS SAY;
ILLINOIS IS NO. 8, MISSOURI 18 IN AMOUNT OF NEUROTOXINS

BYLINE: Virginia Baldwin Gilbert; Of the Post-DispatchAIR POLLUTION; WATER
POLLUTION; CHILD DEVELOPMENT; NEUROLOGICAL DISORDERS; TOXIC SUBSTANCE

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1038 words


We know a lot about what food is good for growing children, and various
government agencies work to ensure American children get nutritious food.

We should be paying as much attention to the air children breathe and its effect
on their developing brains, says a collaboration of advocacy groups for children
and the environment.

A report released recently by the National Environmental Trust, Physicians for
Social Responsibility and the Learning Disabilities Association of America warns
that the United States may be "polluting our future" by not addressing chemical
pollution that affects child development and learning.

These national groups are joined by state advocacy groups, including the
Missouri Public Interest Research Group, in calling for national and state
agencies to collect more information about chemicals that could affect child
development, especially chemicals that are released into the air and water.

The report draws on research by the National Academy of Sciences that found as
many as 3 percent of the developmental and neurological deficits identified in
children were caused by exposure to known toxic substances. The National Academy
also estimates that environmental factors - including neurotoxin pollutants -
could combine with other factors such as heredity to cause as many as one in
four cases of developmental and neurological defects in children.

Neurotoxins are chemicals identified as poisonous to nerve cells. Toxins
affecting development are detrimental to growing fetuses or children. In this
case, the discussion is mostly about the development of brain and nerve cells -
which affect a person's ability to think and learn. Resulting disabilities
include mental retardation, autism, learning disabilities and attention deficit
disorder.

The report took the chemicals known to cause child development problems and
matched them with lists published by the Environmental Protection Agency of
pollutants released into the air and water. In that match-up, Illinois was
ranked eighth among states in the amount of neurotoxins released into the air
and water; Missouri was 18th.

Six of the nine counties in the bistate metropolitan area were found to be among
counties having the largest amount of neurotoxins released in their respective
states.

Such chemicals as toluene, formaldehyde, freon, zinc dust and compounds of lead
and mercury make the list of known neurotoxins whose emissions are required by
the EPA to be reported by companies that make or use them.

Research is not nearly refined enough to point to a particular p ollutant as
causing an individual child's disability - or even a class of disabilities. But
it does show that toxic releases "are taking a toll on public health," said Pam
Blackledge, a spokeswoman for MoPIRG.

"We need to give public health officials, health care providers and policymakers
the tools to fight these disorders by tracking disabilities and related
environmental exposures," Blackledge said.

State regulators don't disagree.

"I think it's been suspected for quite some time that there might be a link"
between developmental disabilities and environmental factors, including chemical
exposure," said Stephen Barr, Missouri's assistant commissioner for special
education. "It's been very difficult to show causation, to show relationships.
We really need to get the facts."

The report recommends these steps:

* Premarket screening of new chemicals for their potential effect on the
development of children before they are allowed into commerce.

* Mandatory testing of chemicals already being produced in high volumes, for
their effect on child development.

* Labeling at the point of exposure of products containing chemicals with
potential neurological effects. For instance, if substances in hair dyes or
paint removers are suspected of affecting children's development, product labels
should warn consumers, the report says.

* Better pollution reporting, to include the millions of pounds of chemicals
released into the environment that are not now required to be reported.

* Regulating power plants for air pollution. A national task force is working on
a national multipollutant control strategy for electric utilities, said a
spokeswoman for the Missouri Department of Natural Resources. But she didn't
know whether the discussion includes neurotoxins.

* Exposure and disease monitoring, to measure neurotoxins in the bodies of a
sample of children and women and to record the incidence of developmental
disabilities in the general population.

"We always support more reporting," said Kathy Deters, spokeswoman for
Missouri's air pollution control program. The national threshold for reporting
most pollutants kicks in for companies manufacturing at least 25,000 pounds of
the particular substance or for users of 10,000 pounds.

The EPA recently released more-restricted thresholds for a list of 20 chemicals.
Mercury was the only chemical on the more-restricted list that also appears on
the neurotoxin list, Deters said. Anyone making or using at least 10 pounds of
mercury must measure and report emissions, she said.

In 1991, 600 companies or organizations reported emissions from 654 regulated
chemicals in Missouri, Deters said.

"Everybody I talked to here said if the federal government would lower the
threshold on more chemicals, that would be fine. If they could lower the
reporting standards for 20, they could do it for the ones (the report is)
talking about as well."

Ros VanHecke, director of curriculum for the Special School District of St.
Louis County, said the kinds of measurements the report recommends could help
advance vital research.

"If some causes are environmental and all of our children are exposed to it,
what is it that is causing an individual child to react differently? I look at
it more as something of interest to a whole so ciety."

Barr, of the state department of education, said the search is worth doing. "If
the sun were to blame (for developmental disabilities), there would not be much
we could do. But if it might be a controllable factor, we have a responsibility
as citizens to take some action. People's lives are affected."

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: To contact reporter Virginia Baldwin Gilbert: E-mail:
vgilbert@postnet.com Phone: 314-862-2153 postnet.com/links Read the full report
online.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, MAP (1) Graphic / Chart w/ map by POST-DISPATCH - Ten worst
counties in Missouri and Illinois for amount of neurotoxin release
 (Map shows Missouri and Illinois with their respective counties)

 MISSOURI
 Rank   County      Air emissions and
 surface water discharges
 (in million pounds)
 1      Carter            3.3
 2      St. Louis         2.8
 3      Shannon           2.8
 4      Clay              2.5
 5      St. Charles       1.3
 6      Pike              1.3
 7      City of St. Louis 1.1
 8      New Madrid        1.1
 9      Jefferson         1.0
 10     Texas             1.0

 ILLINOIS
 Rank   County     Air emissions and
 surface water discharges
 (in million pounds)
 1      Cook        7.8
 2      Macon       7.4
 3      Vermilion   5.2
 4      Jo Daviess  2.4
 5      Will        2.1
 6      St. Clair   1.5
 7      Grundy      1.5
 8      La Salle    1.4
 9      McLean      1.3
 10     Madison     1.2
 Source: U.S. EPA's Toxics Release Inventory, 1998

 (2) Graphic / Chart by POST-DISPATCH - States ranked by release of neurotoxins
that affect child development and learning
 Rank   State      Air emissions and
 surface water discharges
 (in million pounds)
 1      Louisiana       97.9
 2      Texas           97.0
 3      Tennessee       72.2
 4      Utah            58.7
 5      Ohio            58.3
 6      Alabama         55.3
 7      Indiana         49.7
 8      Illinois        49.3
 9      Georgia         45.5
 10     North Carolina  42.5
 11     Virginia        41.2
 12     South Carolina  41.1
 13     Michigan        39.1
 14     Pennsylvania    35.9
 15     Florida         34.1
 16     Mississippi     33.9
 17     Kentucky        29.4
 18     Missouri        27.7
 Source: U.S. EPA's Toxics Release Inventory

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           February 7, 2007 Wednesday

Housing: Fitch Report: Real Estate Slowdown Shouldn't Adversely Affect Issuers

BYLINE: Andrew Ackerman

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5 Vol. 359 No. 32564

LENGTH: 610  words


Even though a nominal decline in home prices, or even a slowing of growth

in the residential real estate market, may present challenges for municipal

issuers, neither is likely to adversely affect their credit ratings,

according to a report Fitch Ratings is expected to release today.

Written as a framework for assessing the housing market slowdown's affect

on municipal credits rather than a predictor of the sector's performance, the

report should still provide some consolation to issuers grappling with the

volatility of tax revenue tied to housing, such as property taxes, which may

have grown rapidly in recent years, but are projected to either decline or

grow at a much slower pace in the immediate future.

The important thing, the report says, is that issuers incorporate

financial or legal measures to mitigate their revenue risk, as has been

accomplished in some states, notably Florida and California, with cities that

experienced the largest so-called swing factor, or changes in the rate of

nominal growth in home prices.

For example, the report notes that issuers could implement laws that

limit the growth of "sensitive" revenue streams, such as ad valorem taxes. It

highlights California's Proposition 13, passed by voters in 1978, which limits

assessed valuation growth on existing properties to 2% annually, allowing for

reassessment at market value only after an ownership change and restricting

the property tax levy to 1% of a property's assessed valuation, while also

prohibiting tax rate hikes without voter approval.

As a caveat, though, the Fitch report says that many property tax

regulations apply only to existing property and, as a result, issuers in

areas experiencing a residential construction boom will not benefit from the

same moderating effect on tax base growth generated from new development.

Meanwhile, the report urges state and local governments to adopt

conservative financial management practices and predicts that the most stable

issuers will have been fiscally conservative during boom years.

"Issuers who have constrained spending and therefore were able to limit

the growth in the property tax levy or use excess revenue to build reserves

or for one-time purposes, will be much better positioned to weather a

slowdown in property tax revenue growth," the report said.

To assess the most risky markets, the report used a so-called home price

ratio, which is determined by comparing the ratio of median home price to

median family income. The higher the ratio, the less affordable home prices

are in a given area.

The metro areas that saw the greatest percentage increase in the PIR for

single-family homes between 2000 and 2005 are those with the greatest

decrease in affordability. The top three areas are located in and around

Miami, which had a 153.4% change in the home price ratio in that five-year

period; Los Angeles, which had a 140.9% change; and Fort Myers, Fla., which

had a 139.5% change.

In addition, the report notes that identifying the metro areas with the

greatest decline in home values since the market peak in 2005 may not be

sufficient to isolate the metro areas that are most experiencing the effects

of a market slowdown. Fitch also compiled a list of cities with the largest

swing factors, or changes in the rate of growth. Fort Myers came out on top,

with a swing factor of 60.9, followed by Phoenix at 49.7, and Sarasota at

40.1.

In addition to rankings of affordability and swing factors for

single-family markets, the report also includes rankings for the condominium

market. Fitch plans to discuss the report, written by director Megan

Neuburger, in a telephone conference at noon Monday.

http://www.bondbuyer.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2007 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday

No West Nile, but another illness affects area horses: Mosquito-borne disease
confirmed in at least six horses

BYLINE: Art Bukowski, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


Aug. 10--TRAVERSE CITY -- One of the state's most notorious mosquito-borne
illnesses isn't creating a buzz so far this year, but another is on the rise.

West Nile Virus hasn't been confirmed in any human in Michigan this year, health
officials said, and its numbers steadily decreased in recent years after being
responsible for a mid-decade spate of deaths and illnesses.

But Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), a disease that primarily affects horses
and deer, has been confirmed in six horses in southwestern Michigan and could be
present in others.

State health officials said they often see fewer than three cases per year of
horses affected by EEE.

Area residents should keep up the fight against disease-carrying mosquitoes,
heath officials said, especially during a relatively wet summer.

"We always say if you've got stagnant water in bird baths, hubcaps ... it's best
to take care of that," said Fred Keeslar, director of the Grand Traverse County
Health Department.

West Nile, a bug introduced to North America through exotic species about 10
years ago, used to affect dozens of people in the state each year. Those numbers
tapered off, and no human cases have been reported in Grand Traverse, Leelanau
or Benzie counties since at least 2006, officials said.

"It's pretty quiet on the West Nile front right now, which is OK with me," said
Bill Crawford, director of the Benzie-Leelanau District Health Department.

But the right weather can lead to a spike in cases, even after a dormant period.

"That's not to say that there isn't a risk," said Erik Foster, a medical
entomologist with the Michigan Department of Community Health. "The vector
species are always out there."

Officials and area residents still occasionally find dead birds -- traditionally
a sign of the virus' presence -- but the birds aren't regularly tested. It's
hard to say if the birds died from the virus or from heat-related issues,
botulism, or other problems.

EEE hasn't shown up in any deer so far this year, Michigan Department of Natural
Resources & Environment Veterinarian Dan O'Brien said.

"So far we haven't seen any, but that's not to say there isn't anything out
there," he said.

Six horses have been infected, and O'Brien said deer cases generally start
popping up when the horses do. The last confirmed deer case was last November in
Branch County.

EEE is generally only seen in the southern half of the Lower Peninsula, O'Brien
and Foster said.

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100810-ZK-No-West-Nile-but-another-illness-affects
-area-horses-20100810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2010 The Record-Eagle


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     October 2, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

A High Court Conflict of Interest?

James V. Grimaldi , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F35

LENGTH: 1135 words


To recuse or not to recuse. That was the question facing Chief Justice William
H. Rehnquist.

Here's the background. The chief justice's son, James C. Rehnquist of Boston's
Goodwin, Procter & Hoar, is a partner on the legal team defending Microsoft
Corp. in three Massachusetts class-action lawsuits that specifically cite U.S.
v. Microsoft, the very case that appeared on the desk of papa Rehnquist last
week.

If U.S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's decision that Microsoft broke
the law is upheld, then the three cases in a Boston courthouse will have a
significantly greater chance of success. That's because under tenets of
antitrust law, previous decisions in government antitrust cases can be used
against the defendant by private parties without having to litigate the primary
issues all over again.

So the Supreme Court could directly affect those cases and hence affect the
success of the legal work by the chief justice's son.

Conflict of interest? Appearance of a conflict of interest? Depends on whom you
ask. But in this case, apparently, only one opinion mattered: the chief
justice's.

In a written statement issued Tuesday, Rehnquist said he should not disqualify
himself. "The fact that our disposition of the pending Microsoft litigation
could potentially affect Microsoft's exposure to antitrust liability in other
litigation does not, to my mind, significantly distinguish the present situation
from other cases that this Court decides," he wrote.

The Supreme Court sent the matter back to a lower appeals court, meaning that
the nation's highest court might not see the matter for at least a year.

The ethics decision has stirred a debate among law professors, lawyers and
observers in the historic Microsoft antitrust litigation.

"I think he was wrong," said Stephen Gillers, a New York University law
professor known as a bit of a hard-line ethicist. But Steven Lubet, a
Northwestern University Law School ethics professor, disagrees. He and Gillers
have exchanged lengthy e-mails over the issue.

Robert Pugsley of Southwestern University School of Law, an ethics specialist
who calls himself a moderate conservative, walked across the hall to Warren
Grimes, a professor of antitrust law who leans liberal and has followed the
Microsoft case closely. After a short discussion, they agreed. "I truthfully
don't see how, on the facts of this case, that Justice Rehnquist's continuance
on this case can't help but create an appearance of impropriety," Pugsley said.
Grimes called it "troublesome."

But Herb Hovenkamp, a University of Iowa law professor, sees nothing wrong with
the chief's decision not to recuse himself.

Rehnquist wrote that he had consulted his colleagues on the issue. And certainly
they have thoughts. Since the U.S. Constitution does not have a celibacy
requirement for the Supreme Court, many of the justices have spawned more
lawyers. And at least two are married to lawyers.

Justice Antonin Scalia has two sons who are attorneys. Eugene Scalia works for
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, which closely follows guidelines prepared by the
Supreme Court to avoid such potential family-related conflicts of interest, said
Ted Olson, co-chairman of the firm's appellate practice. The rules go so far as
to segregate the income from Supreme Court cases into a separate fund that does
not go into Eugene's salary.

Scalia's other son, John F. Scalia, who practices with the employment-law firm
Curiale Dellaverson Hirschfeld Kelly & Kraemer in San Francisco, also abides by
the guide.

Other Supreme offspring who practice law: Justice John Paul Stevens's daughter,
Susan S. Mullen, who works in Silicon Valley-based Cooley Godward's local office
in Northern Virginia, and Columbia University law professor Jane C. Ginsburg,
daughter of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.

But no one is suggesting, certainly, that Rehnquist go as far as Justice Tom C.
Clark, who in June 1967 stepped down because his son, Ramsey Clark, was named
attorney general of the United States. Justice Clark wanted to avoid the obvious
conflict of interest. His departure made way for Thurgood Marshall's ascension
to the high court.

Still, Gillers suggests that at the very least Rehnquist should not have acted
unilaterally and should have done what trial judges often do: Present the matter
to the parties of the case and ask if they have any objections.

Heavy Hitters for Microsoft Microsoft's legal team scored a big victory last
week, convincing the Supreme Court that the antitrust appeal should go to the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. The star-studded team included
Carter Phillips of Sidley & Austin, Rick Rule of Covington & Burling, and John
Warden and Richard Urowsky of Sullivan & Cromwell. But the hard work--the draft
arguments and winning briefs--was done by Rick Pepperman along with Steve
Holley, two Sullivan & Cromwell lawyers who did yeoman's work at the trial.

Consolidating Firestone-Ford Cases It was bound to happen. In fact, it is a
wonder that Ford Motor Co. and Bridgestone/Firestone Inc. didn't do it sooner.
In an attempt to cut losses in the growing number of lawsuits filed over the
recall of 6.5 million tires, attorneys for the manufacturers want the cases
consolidated into one courtroom in Chicago.

Consolidation would make it easier for the two beleaguered companies to defend
themselves against a flurry of lawsuits filed by people who want to recover the
costs of replacing tires not covered by the recall, as well as some cases
involving damage to property and personal injuries and deaths.

The new Ford-Firestone strategy has exposed a rift among the trial lawyers who
have filed the lawsuits against the companies. Some plaintiffs' attorneys worry
about being cut out of the action if the judge who oversees the discovery
process appoints a select number of lawyers to direct the activities.

Plus, attorneys worry about delays for their clients. "They want to put us in
limbo for a number of years," said Roger Braugh, a Corpus Christi, Tex., lawyer
who filed the first class-action lawsuit against the companies.

Other lawyers see a chance to step in and take charge--and the bulk of the
attorneys' fees.

Georgetown University professor Sherman Cohn said that the rift is common, but
that it makes sense for one judge to decide complex issues about the manufacture
of tires and the design of the Ford Explorer "in one place, at one time" as a
way to conserve resources and avoid inconsistent rulings.

A panel of federal judges will hear arguments on the matter later this month in
Washington.

Staff writer Carrie Johnson contributed to this column. Hearsay grants and
denies petitions of certiorari every other Monday in Washington Business. File
your briefs at hearsay@washpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

El Nino Years Usually Produce Better-Than-Average Crops

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:

   Midwestern farmers usually fare well during years that El Nino weather
patterns affect the growing season, according to an Iowa State University
agronomist.





 But that can change if El Nino is followed immediately by its antithesis, a
cooling of waters in the Pacific Ocean known as La Nina.



 El Nino, the name given to a band of warm water that tends to develop in the
central Pacific Ocean, emerged once again at the end of 2015 to become one of
the strongest examples of the phenomenon on record, helping to fuel storms that
have rippled across Southern California and Arizona.



 Elwynn Taylor, a professor of agronomy at Iowa State who studies weather, said
history shows that El Nino might be good news for Iowa farmers if the trend is
long-lived enough to affect the growing season.



 Years during which El Nino extends into a growing season have resulted in
above-trend yields in the Midwest for corn and soybeans 70 percent of the time,
he said.



 But in years such as 1983 and 1987-88 strong El Nino events morphed into
equally strong La Ninas, resulting in droughts that hurt crops, he said. But
Taylor said there's no guarantee this year's El Nino will give way to La Nina.



 "La Nina doesn't always follow an El Nino," he said. "There are more El Nino
events than La Nina."



 There are few certainties any time El Nino materializes, muddying the weather
picture for anyone trying to predict the results. Farmers might not have a clear
idea of how this year's strong El Nino will affect them until spring.



 "All El Ninos seem to have their own personalities," Taylor said. "This one
comes in by most measures as stronger than usual."



 El Nino affects weather by upsetting atmospheric pressure patterns, Taylor
said. Every seven years or so, the phenomenon grows strong enough to change
weather across the United States and beyond. Usually, that results in warmer
than usual winters and cooler than usual summers in the Midwest. It also often
creates wetter than usual weather in the Southwest.



 Taylor also said widespread rainfall in December has soaked much of the soil in
the Midwest, meaning virtually all drainage tiles from Iowa to Ohio are running
off excess moisture. That raises concerns that additional moisture in the spring
could slow planting by keeping farmers out of their fields, he said.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 19, 2010 Friday
                                  City Edition

NBA TRADING DEADLINE;
Will trades affect OKC?

BYLINE: MIKE BALDWIN, Staff Writer<br>mbaldwin@opubco.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 466 words


Since three Western Conference playoff contenders made moves before Thursday's
deadline, and the Thunder, as expected, stood pat, how does that affect Oklahoma
City's playoff chances?

If the Thunder gets in the playoffs, could Portland's deal for center Marcus
Camby, or Phoenix not trading Amare Stoudemire, allow the Trail Blazers and Suns
to pass them in the standings, lowering OKC's playoff seed?

The league-wide trade with the biggest impact was Cleveland acquiring Antawn
Jamison, making the Lakers and Cavaliers overwhelming favorites to meet in the
NBA Finals.

But it's three Western Conference teams in the playoff chase that made trades,
and the Suns not making a trade, that could affect the Thunder.

&rarr;The Rockets acquiring Kevin Martin in a three-team deal with New York and
Sacramento could turn the West into a nine-team race for eight spots. But losing
Sixth Man award candidate Carl Landry in the deal clouds how much the trade will
actually help the Rockets.

&rarr;Portland, having lost its two centers to season-ending injuries, filled
its biggest need by acquiring Camby. But the Trail Blazers also gave up some
depth by trading Travis Outlaw and Steve Blake.

&rarr;Dallas, 10-11 since Jan. 3, made the biggest splash in the West. Small
forward Caron Butler is a former All-Star. Seven-foot center Brendan Haywood
gives the Mavericks a presence in the paint on both ends.

But it's a trade that wasn't made that might also impact where the Thunder
finishes in the standings.

For more than a week there were reports Phoenix might trade Stoudemire to
Cleveland, possibly Miami or Philadelphia. Trading Stoudemire would have
hampered the Suns' chances of staying in the chase for the No. 5, 6 or 7 seeds.
If Phoenix traded Stoudemire, it also might have endangered the Suns' chances of
getting in the playoffs, a noteworthy fact considering the Thunder owns
Phoenix's first-round draft pick this season.

At 31-21, tied for fifth in the West, the Thunder will play the final two months
with the same roster they've had the past two months since they traded for
backup point guard Eric Maynor in December.

What's the bottom line?

&rarr;Portland filled its biggest need, but the Trail Blazers' biggest concern
the final two months is whether All-Star Brandon Roy can completely heal from a
nagging hamstring injury that's sidelined him for three weeks.

&rarr;Houston improved slightly with Martin. But the Rockets already were
perimeter oriented. Giving up Landry could come back to bite them. It appears to
be a move geared more towards next season when Yao Ming returns.

&rarr;Dallas will benefit the most, but it was doubtful the Thunder would have
passed the Mavericks in the standings anyway.

&rarr;Phoenix remains a viable contender to finish anywhere from fifth to
eighth.



LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Mavericks added Caron Butler, who should be a scoring option to
complement Dirk Nowitzki. - AP PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Mount Airy News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Stream restoration to affect state park

BYLINE: The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


Nov. 01--A major stream restoration project for Horne Creek in Surry County will
impact Pilot Mountain State Park, according to the N.C. Division of Parks and
Recreation.

The $400,000 project will prompt the closure of the Bean Shoals Access at the
northern side of the park's Yadkin River section beginning Monday, which will be
in effect for about five months.

Officials say the southern portion (Ivy Bluff Access) of the river section will
not be affected.

The closure of the Bean Shoals Access to accommodate the stream restoration is
expected to last until April 1. It will immediately affect the access entrance
road and trails as well as group campsites, which will be relocated farther from
the creek floodplain.

As the project progresses, the state park expects to reopen some trails for
hike-in and equestrian access on weekends. The Corridor Trail that connects the
Yadkin River section to the main component of Pilot Mountain State Park will
remain open.

The stream restoration effort is designed to improve the Yadkin River watershed
by reducing sediment delivered by Horne Creek.

Over the years, stormwater runoff and erosion have scoured the creek's banks and
deepened its stream channel, removing the stream's connection to its natural
floodplain. Heavy equipment will be used to reconfigure and stabilize the stream
channel with timber, rock and native vegetation.

The restoration project on 3,200 linear feet of the stream is supported by a
$375,000 grant from the N.C. Clean Water Management Trust Fund and a matching
$25,000 grant from the N.C. Division of Water Resources.

Pilot View Resource Conservation and Development of Winston-Salem submitted the
trust fund grant application with support from the Surry Soil and Water
Conservation District and the Pilot Mountain State Park Advisory Committee.

Staff members at the state park and volunteers have contributed to the project
in various ways. This included inventorying aquatic species in the stream and
floodplain, restoring warm-season grasses in surrounding fields and installing
interpretive signage as well as trail and picnic area construction and
relocation.

___ (c)2014 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141101-NI-Stream-restoration-to-affect-state-park-1101-20141101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                       Copyright 2014 The Mount Airy News


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 19, 2017

                            Synovus Financial Corp.

                           1111 Bay Avenue Suite 500
                                    Columbus
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Synovus is a diversified financial services holding company. The company's
capital adequacy, broad product portfolio and increase in total deposits are its
major strengths, even as its decline in cash position remains an area of
concern. In future, changing regulations, intense competition and fluctuations
in interest rates may affect its business performance. However, growing economy
in the US, positive outlook for cards and payments industry in the US and
booming mortgage market in the US will provide ample growth opportunities to the
company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. The good capital management enabled
the company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required to
maintain well capitalized status of minimum total risk based capital ratio of
8%, tier-1 capital ratio of 6% and tier-1 leverage ratio of 4% as on January
2015. The company reported Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 10.4%, total
risk-based capital ratio of 12.7% and Tier 1 leverage ratio of 9.4% during
FY2015, exceeding the regulatory requirements. Prudent capital management
initiative of the company strengthened its capital, which in turn will enable it
to withstand periods of banking stress.

BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


The company's broad product portfolio helps it to serve diversified requirements
of its customers. Synovus offers a wide range of products and services in the
areas of personal banking, business banking, corporate banking, mortgages and
wealth management. Its portfolio of offerings comprises home equity line of
credit, mortgage loans, equipment finance, large corporate banking products, and
senior housing and healthcare lending. It also offers treasury management
services, business checking and savings accounts, wealth management services,
online services and mobile services. Such broad portfolio of offerings helps the
company to serve huge customer base and attract new customers, which in turn,
drives its top-line performance.

INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increase in total deposits of the company reflects strong customer sentiments
and better returns on cash deposits. Synovus has exhibited increase in its total
deposits during FY2015. The company reported total deposits of US$23,242.6
million during FY2015 as compared to US$21,531.7 million in FY2014, representing
an annual growth of 7.9% over FY2014. The increase in deposits of the company
was due to increase in non-interest bearing demand deposits, interest bearing
demand deposits, savings deposits and Time deposits, excluding brokered deposits
to 28.8%, 17.5%, 3% and 14.9% respectively. Such increase in total deposits
strengthens the company's financial position and expands its lending
capabilities.


WEAKNESSES:


DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and due from
banks declined from US$485.5 million at the end of FY2014 to US$367.1 million at
the end of FY2015, representing a decline of 24.4%. Decline in cash and due from
banks may be due to decreased value of its short-term asset holdings such as
short-term government bonds, marketable securities, and weak cash inflow.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.4% in 2015 and is further expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. The major growth
drivers are expected to be raising consumer purchases, decreasing unemployment
rate and normalization of monetary policy in the US. Such economic growth is
likely to enable favorable market conditions in the country which drives for
growing financial sector in the country. Synovus, that offers its financial
products and services in the US, is likely to benefit from such positive
economic growth.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to Synovus.
The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected to
register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand
for mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. Synovus, a provider of debit and credit
cards through its subsidiary Synovus Bank in the US, is placed well to benefit
from this.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. For instance, the changes in the Dodd-Franck Act in the US, have
impacted the financial services industry in the US that included significant
changes in capital adequacy requirements, interchange fees, deposit insurance
assessments, mortgage lending practices, consumer protection and lending limits
set by the Act. This is likely to impact the capital reserves of the company as
it needs to comply with the set rules. The company's profitability is also
influenced by the changes in international regulatory capital initiative, Basel
III, under which the regulatory authority raised the minimum capital limits
maintained by the company in order to protect its customers from bankruptcies.
Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have a negative
impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

INTENSE COMPETITION


The financial services sector in the US is highly competitive. Synovus faces
competition from both domestic and foreign banks operating in the country. It
competes with banking and non banking financial services companies offering
deposits, loans, merchant services, corporate lending, wealth management
services, and international trade services, insurance and mortgage services
among others. A few of its competitors include BB&T Corporation, Fifth Third
Bancorp, Regions Financial Corporation and U.S.Bancorp. Intense competition from
established players and consolidation of their financial products could have a
negative impact on the company's operations. Such highly competitive market
could adversely affect company's profitability, if it fails to retain and
attract new customers.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 July 28, 2016

                                    DirecTV

                            2260 E. Imperial Highway
                                El Segundo 90245
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


DIRECTV (DIRECTV) is a digital television entertainment provider, which offers
direct-to-home (DTH) services in the US and Latin America. Large subscriber
base, advanced technology and substantial revenue growth are the company's main
strengths, whereas, huge debt remains an area of concern. In the future,
government regulations and dependence on third-party programmers may affect its
business operations. However, acquisition by AT&T and focus on HD television
market are likely to offer growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


LARGE SUBSCRIBER BASE


Large Subscriber Base helps the company in mitigating risks associated with
dependence on selected customers. It is the largest provider of DTH digital
television services and the second largest provider of the MVPD in the US. The
company serves over 37 million customers in the US and Latin America. As of
December 2014, DIRECTV US served 20.4 million subscribers, PanAmericana had 6.8
million subscribers, Sky Brasil had 5.6 million subscribers and Sky Mexico had
6.6 million subscribers. Large customer base help the further strengthen its
market position, besides improving its financial performance.

ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY


Advanced Technology helps the company in attracting and retaining a wide
customer base. The company offers Genie, a high-definition DVR with a terabyte
hard drive that allows consumers to record five different high-definition
programs simultaneously while viewing and controlling content from one DVR to
four different locations in the house at the same time with appropriate
equipment. Genie is the fastest and most reliable DVR. It comprises Wi-Fi to
access VOD content and the ability to watch 4K programming when the customer
also uses a DIRECTV-Ready 4K television. The company offers over 195 national
high-definition (HD) television channels, one dedicated Ultra-HD (4K) channel
and one dedicated 3D channel. It also provide video-on-demand service named as
DIRECTV Cinema, which offers 12,000 movies and television programs to
broadband-connected subscribers. Through DIRECTV.com, its subscribers can access
to over 21,000 movies and television programs. Advanced Technology helps the
company in taping the market and growing its customer base.

SUBSTANTIAL REVENUE GROWTH


DIRECTV's revenue increased 4.7% to reach USD33,260 million in FY2014 over the
previous year. This was primarily due to the growth in DIRECTV US segment by
5.4%, followed by DIRECTV Latin America segment (3.2%). DIRECTV US's revenue
growth was attributed to 4.7% increase in average revenue per user (ARPU) and
0.5% increase in its subscriber base. Increase in DIRECTV Latin America's
revenue was primarily due to 7.8% annual growth in total number of subscribers.
Increasing revenue helps in gaining investors' confidence.


WEAKNESSES:


HUGE DEBT


High debt remains a major concern for the company. At the end of FY2014, the
company had a total long term debt of US$19.5 billion. For FY2014, total
revenues increased by 4.7% or US$1,506 million over FY2013, however, total long
term debt increased by 6.6% or US$1,201 million for the same period. This
increase in debt levels indicates that DIRECTV will incur higher interest
expense in future which affects profitability. The company's interest expense
increased 6.9% in FY2014 over FY2013. Moreover, debt levels are much higher than
the long term debt of its nearest competitor, Cablevision Systems Corporation
(US$9,134.7 million in FY2014). For FY2014, Cablevision's revenues increased by
3.7% on annual basis and its total long term debt decreased by 3%. The company's
business operations may be affected, if it is unable to generate sufficient cash
flow for such high debt servicing. This high debt also limits the expansion
plans, as it becomes difficult to raise funds from the debt market at favorable
terms.


OPPORTUNITIES:


ACQUISITION BY AT&T


In July 2015, the company was acquired by AT&T Inc. The merge entity becomes the
largest pay TV provider in the US and the world, providing services to over 26
million customers in the US and 191 million customers in Latin America
comprising Mexico and the Caribbean. AT&T also has over 132 million wireless
subscribers and connections in the US and Mexico. It offers 4G LTE mobile
coverage to 310 million people in the US; high-speed Internet to 57 million US
customer locations; and provides high-speed Internet services to 16 million
subscribers. The deal is expected to enable DIRECTV to provide its customers
more choices for video entertainment integrated with mobile and high-speed
Internet services. Additionally, it will be able to explore AT&T's existing
network and customer base to expand its market presence.

FOCUS ON HD TELEVISION MARKET


The high definition (HD) television market is expected to offer new growth
avenues to the company. In Latin America, DIRECTV focuses to expand its HD
offerings as it expects that this market will experience continued growth. As of
December 2014, PanAmericana offered 19 HD channels, whereas Sky Brasil offered
67 HD channels to its customers. It also plans to launch new satellites in 2015,
which will upgrade its broadcast ground facilities and increase HD channel
offering of PanAmericana and SKY Brasil. The company is expected to launch
ISDLA-2 satellite for PanAmericana and SKY-1 satellite for SKY Brasil in 2015.
Additionally, the company focuses on connecting HD-digital video recorders
(DVRs) to the Internet. This will enable customers use tablet or phone as a
remote control for the big screen, access over 12,000 additional movies and
shows, and interact with friends on Twitter or Facebook via television or
portable devices. Sustained focus to upgrade technology may enable the company
to capture growth opportunities emanating from HD television market.


THREATS:


DEPENDENCE ON THIRD-PARTY PROGRAMMERS


DIRECTV depends on unaffiliated third parties for its programming requirements.
The company's programming agreements are generally multiple-year agreements and
include annual price increases. It faces problem of increased rate while
negotiating to acquire rights for a new programming or renewing the expired
contracts. If due to any reason the company fails to renew its agreements or the
renewals are not at favorable terms, or these agreements get canceled prior to
the expiration of their original terms, this may affect its business operation.
Additionally, if it is unable to obtain substitute programming, or the
substitute programming is not as good as the previous one in terms of quality or
cost, it may affect its reputation in the industry. The discontinuance of
programming or failing to pass on additional costs on to subscribers may affect
the company's operating results and financial position.

GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS


The company requires complying with various domestic and international laws,
regulations and restrictions while performing its operations. Under certain
provisions of the Communications Act governing access to programming,
cable-affiliated programmers such as has to sell and deliver their programming
services to all MVPDs on non-discriminatory terms and conditions. Any change in
the Communications Act or the FCC's rules allowing programmers to refuse to
provide such programming or impose discriminatory terms or conditions may
adversely affect DIRECTV's ability to acquire programming on a cost-effective
basis. Any negative findings against the company may affect its financial
performance.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 5, 2017

                                    DirecTV

                            2260 E. Imperial Highway
                                El Segundo 90245
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
DIRECTV (DIRECTV) is a digital television entertainment provider, which offers
direct-to-home (DTH) services in the US and Latin America. Large subscriber
base, advanced technology and substantial revenue growth are the company's main
strengths, whereas, huge debt remains an area of concern. In the future,
government regulations and dependence on third-party programmers may affect its
business operations. However, acquisition by AT&T and focus on HD television
market are likely to offer growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
LARGE SUBSCRIBER BASE
Large Subscriber Base helps the company in mitigating risks associated with
dependence on selected customers. It is the largest provider of DTH digital
television services and the second largest provider of the MVPD in the US. The
company serves over 37 million customers in the US and Latin America. As of
December 2014, DIRECTV US served 20.4 million subscribers, PanAmericana had 6.8
million subscribers, Sky Brasil had 5.6 million subscribers and Sky Mexico had
6.6 million subscribers. Large customer base help the further strengthen its
market position, besides improving its financial performance.
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY
Advanced Technology helps the company in attracting and retaining a wide
customer base. The company offers Genie, a high-definition DVR with a terabyte
hard drive that allows consumers to record five different high-definition
programs simultaneously while viewing and controlling content from one DVR to
four different locations in the house at the same time with appropriate
equipment. Genie is the fastest and most reliable DVR. It comprises Wi-Fi to
access VOD content and the ability to watch 4K programming when the customer
also uses a DIRECTV-Ready 4K television. The company offers over 195 national
high-definition (HD) television channels, one dedicated Ultra-HD (4K) channel
and one dedicated 3D channel. It also provide video-on-demand service named as
DIRECTV Cinema, which offers 12,000 movies and television programs to
broadband-connected subscribers. Through DIRECTV.com, its subscribers can access
to over 21,000 movies and television programs. Advanced Technology helps the
company in taping the market and growing its customer base.
SUBSTANTIAL REVENUE GROWTH
DIRECTV's revenue increased 4.7% to reach USD33,260 million in FY2014 over the
previous year. This was primarily due to the growth in DIRECTV US segment by
5.4%, followed by DIRECTV Latin America segment (3.2%). DIRECTV US's revenue
growth was attributed to 4.7% increase in average revenue per user (ARPU) and
0.5% increase in its subscriber base. Increase in DIRECTV Latin America's
revenue was primarily due to 7.8% annual growth in total number of subscribers.
Increasing revenue helps in gaining investors' confidence.

WEAKNESSES:
HUGE DEBT
High debt remains a major concern for the company. At the end of FY2014, the
company had a total long term debt of US$19.5 billion. For FY2014, total
revenues increased by 4.7% or US$1,506 million over FY2013, however, total long
term debt increased by 6.6% or US$1,201 million for the same period. This
increase in debt levels indicates that DIRECTV will incur higher interest
expense in future which affects profitability. The company's interest expense
increased 6.9% in FY2014 over FY2013. Moreover, debt levels are much higher than
the long term debt of its nearest competitor, Cablevision Systems Corporation
(US$9,134.7 million in FY2014). For FY2014, Cablevision's revenues increased by
3.7% on annual basis and its total long term debt decreased by 3%. The company's
business operations may be affected, if it is unable to generate sufficient cash
flow for such high debt servicing. This high debt also limits the expansion
plans, as it becomes difficult to raise funds from the debt market at favorable
terms.

OPPORTUNITIES:
ACQUISITION BY AT&T
In July 2015, the company was acquired by AT&T Inc. The merge entity becomes the
largest pay TV provider in the US and the world, providing services to over 26
million customers in the US and 191 million customers in Latin America
comprising Mexico and the Caribbean. AT&T also has over 132 million wireless
subscribers and connections in the US and Mexico. It offers 4G LTE mobile
coverage to 310 million people in the US; high-speed Internet to 57 million US
customer locations; and provides high-speed Internet services to 16 million
subscribers. The deal is expected to enable DIRECTV to provide its customers
more choices for video entertainment integrated with mobile and high-speed
Internet services. Additionally, it will be able to explore AT&T's existing
network and customer base to expand its market presence.
FOCUS ON HD TELEVISION MARKET
The high definition (HD) television market is expected to offer new growth
avenues to the company. In Latin America, DIRECTV focuses to expand its HD
offerings as it expects that this market will experience continued growth. As of
December 2014, PanAmericana offered 19 HD channels, whereas Sky Brasil offered
67 HD channels to its customers. It also plans to launch new satellites in 2015,
which will upgrade its broadcast ground facilities and increase HD channel
offering of PanAmericana and SKY Brasil. The company is expected to launch
ISDLA-2 satellite for PanAmericana and SKY-1 satellite for SKY Brasil in 2015.
Additionally, the company focuses on connecting HD-digital video recorders
(DVRs) to the Internet. This will enable customers use tablet or phone as a
remote control for the big screen, access over 12,000 additional movies and
shows, and interact with friends on Twitter or Facebook via television or
portable devices. Sustained focus to upgrade technology may enable the company
to capture growth opportunities emanating from HD television market.

THREATS:
DEPENDENCE ON THIRD-PARTY PROGRAMMERS
DIRECTV depends on unaffiliated third parties for its programming requirements.
The company's programming agreements are generally multiple-year agreements and
include annual price increases. It faces problem of increased rate while
negotiating to acquire rights for a new programming or renewing the expired
contracts. If due to any reason the company fails to renew its agreements or the
renewals are not at favorable terms, or these agreements get canceled prior to
the expiration of their original terms, this may affect its business operation.
Additionally, if it is unable to obtain substitute programming, or the
substitute programming is not as good as the previous one in terms of quality or
cost, it may affect its reputation in the industry. The discontinuance of
programming or failing to pass on additional costs on to subscribers may affect
the company's operating results and financial position.
GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS
The company requires complying with various domestic and international laws,
regulations and restrictions while performing its operations. Under certain
provisions of the Communications Act governing access to programming,
cable-affiliated programmers such as has to sell and deliver their programming
services to all MVPDs on non-discriminatory terms and conditions. Any change in
the Communications Act or the FCC's rules allowing programmers to refuse to
provide such programming or impose discriminatory terms or conditions may
adversely affect DIRECTV's ability to acquire programming on a cost-effective
basis. Any negative findings against the company may affect its financial
performance.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
ANALYSIS OF KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
COMPETITORS
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES
KEY EMPLOYEE BIOGRAPHIES
LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              June 10, 2005 Friday

Arthritis can strike other body parts besides joints

BYLINE: By Norma Corona

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 341 words


Special to the Times

You feel the pain in your joints and bones, and you immediately think it's
arthritis. What's next?

Arthritis is the inflammation of joints that can cause pain, stiffness and
swelling in the joints.

According to the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin
Disease, arthritis can also affect other body parts such as muscles, bones,
ligaments and some internal organs.

The pain you feel is the way your body alerts you that something is wrong.

An institute study shows that chronic pain is a major problem and that it is
also one of the most weakening effects of arthritis.

Widespread problem

Some form of arthritis affects more than 40 million Americans.

Osteoarthritis is the most common and affects more than 20 million Americans,
while rheumatoid arthritis -- the most disabling form of the disease -- affects
about 2.1 million Americans.

So what is causing your pain?

The pain may come from different sources.

According to the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin
Disease, the pain may be caused by inflammation of the tissues that line the
joint, tendons or ligaments or muscle strain and fatigue.

Any combination of these can contribute to the pain. Keep in mind that the pain
felt will differ from person to person. The onset of the pain can occur at
different times, for example, when getting out of bed in the morning or when
walking.

How do you know that arthritis is causing your pain and how do you cope with it?

First, get checked by a doctor.

Managing arthritis

If you do have arthritis, the Arthritis Foundation recommends the following ways
to manage your pain:

. Choose a caring physician.

.Eat a healthful diet.

.Get eight to 10 hours of sleep.

.Join a support group.

.Stay informed about new research on managing arthritis pain.

.Keep a daily diary of pain and mood changes to share with your physician.

.Stay informed, follow your doctor's orders, take good care of yourself and
remember that your successful aging depends on it.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 26, 2006 Saturday

Allegations fly in St. Johns commission race;
A former sheriff headed a news conference to accuse a candidate of having a
sordid past.

BYLINE: CHRISTINA ABEL

SECTION: Pg. V-1

LENGTH: 677 words


An acrimonious news conference Tuesday in which a former St. Johns County
sheriff said County Commission candidate Tom Manuel had ties with organized
crime inevitably will affect the race, Supervisor of Elections Penny Halyburton
said.

But how it will affect the face-off for the commission's District 4 seat
representing the Ponte Vedra Beach area remains to be seen, she said.

With the primary elections less than two weeks away, Halyburton said Manuel's
challenge to incumbent Bruce Maguire has turned into an "unusual race."

Tuesday's news conference, held in front of the Sheriff's Office, "will
certainly have an effect on the candidates," Halyburton said, declining to
speculate on how it would affect either candidate.

"People don't care for dirty politics, for maliciousness, though I'm not saying
that was the intent here," Halyburton said.

Manuel said Wednesday he's filing a complaint with the Florida Elections
Commission against Maguire for "malicious and false" accusations against him
throughout the campaign.

"I think it [the news conference] backfired completely," Manuel said. "People
are tired of the smear tactics and lack of substance in these accusations."

Although Maguire did not participate in the conference Tuesday afternoon, Manuel
said he has no doubt he was involved.

Maguire said he knew about the news conference and didn't think it was done to
endorse him.

"It wasn't [done by] my origin or thought," Maguire said. "I was told they would
not endorse me, just expose the facts of Tom Manuel."

The news conference was held by former Sheriff Neil Perry, who was accompanied
by George Thornton, the former chief of police in St. Augustine; Francis
O'Loughlin, another former St. Johns County sheriff; and Gene Farnell, a retired
special agent with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and
Explosives.

While no one spoke but Perry, he said the other men reviewed the packet of
documents he handed out to reporters and agreed that they were concerned about
Manuel's "past associations, his failed business opportunities and his
continuous operations in some areas that he has failed to disclose himself."

The material in the packet was intended to show Manuel's poor business skills
and reputed connections to organized crime, he said.

It included copies of newspaper clippings about Manuel's termination from Sunset
Financial Resources, a Jacksonville-based company, and included copies of court
rulings against Manuel's former business associate, Clifford Perlman, who was
the chairman of Caesars World casino from 1971 to 1982.

In 1980, Caesars World, which owned Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, sought a
license for a casino in Atlantic City, N.J. However, the state refused to grant
one after scrutiny of Perlman determined he had engineered South Florida real
estate deals involving Caesars World and reputed mobsters.

Perry declined to say who gave him the material for review, other than "some
friends of mine, individuals in the fire service."

Even though he said his news conference was not politically motivated, he said
it was a timely issue because of the upcoming elections.

"The keepers of St. Johns County, in other words, our county commissioners,
manage hundreds of millions of dollars of our tax money, and I don't want for
there to be any connection, perceived or real, to organized crime at the top
levels of our county," Perry said.

Manuel held his own news conference after Perry and said he was no longer going
to take the attacks on his character.

"I have taken it," Manuel said. "But today is the day I'm no longer going to
take it."

Manuel released some documents of his own showing how Maguire's family benefited
by selling land to the developers of the SilverLeaf Plantation development
northwest of World Golf Village.

He criticized Maguire for voting in favor of the SilverLeaf Plantation as a
commissioner in March instead of recusing himself from the vote because
SilverLeaf's developers bought a portion of the land from Maguire's relatives in
2003 and 2004.

christina.abel@jacksonville.com, (904) 249-4947, ext. 6319

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
MARK PETTUS/staff St. Johns County Commission candidate Tom Manuel responds to
allegations he has ties to organized crime made at a news conference at the
Sheriff's Office on Tuesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             May 19, 2004 Wednesday

CalPERS committee recommends dropping Sutter Health hospitals;
Change would affect about 4,000 patients

BYLINE: By Rebecca Vesely, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL & REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 359 words


The state's largest pension plan moved one step forward toward dropping most
Sutter Health hospitals from its network Tuesday -- a move that would affect
about 53,000 patients in Northern California.

The Health Benefits Committee of the California Public Employees' Retirement
System, or CalPERS, voted 7 to 1 in favor of cutting 38 hospitals from its Blue
Shield HMO in an effort to reign in hospital-care costs.

"The time has come for us to take bold action on behalf of our 1.2 million
participants," Sid Abrams, Health Benefits Committee chairman, said in a
statement.

The full 13-member CalPERS board will vote on the matter as early as today;
unless board members change their minds, it appears the majority will approve
the plan, a spokesman said.

The change would affect about 4,000 patients of Bay Area Sutter Health
hospitals. Bay Area hospitals on the cut list include Seton Medical Center in
San Mateo, Eden Medical Center in Castro Valley, Washington Hospital in Fremont,
and Sutter Delta Medical Center in Antioch.

Mills-Peninsula in San Mateo and Alta Bates Summit in Oakland and Berkeley would
not be affected.

Bill Gleeson, spokesman for Sacramento-based Sutter Health, called the
committee's decision to cut Sutter hospitals unfortunate.

"We were led to believe by CalPERS that our offer achieved cost-savings
parameters," Gleeson said. "We think it was generous."

The board estimated cutting Sutter will save $36 million in 2005 and $50 million
the following year.

CalPERS has been struggling to keep health-care costs down for years. It is the
third largest purchaser of health care in the nation, after the federal
government and General Motors.

Member premiums have increased more than 50 percent over the past three years,
despite reducing HMO offerings and striking a deal last year with Blue Shield of
California to keep costs down.

Gleeson said Sutter Health has received hundreds of calls from members.

Out of the 53,000 patients who may have to switch doctors or hospitals, the
majority -- about 34,000 -- are in the Sacramento area.

Contact Rebecca Vesely at rvesely@angnewspapers.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     October 4, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Hepatitis shot, yuppie flu not linked, foundation says

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 434 words


A researcher's statement that people receiving hepatitis B immunization risk
getting the so-called Yuppie flu is "baseless and irresponsible in the extreme,"
the Canadian Liver Foundation says. Dr. Sam Lee of the foundation's medical
advisory board says, "There is no medical evidence for such a preposterous
statement" by Dr. Byron Hyde, chairman of the Ottawa-based Nightingale Research
Foundation.

"It's medically impossible for any disease to be transmitted by the vaccines in
current use against hepatitis B and the public has nothing to fear from
vaccination," Lee says. Hepatitis B cases have been skyrocketing in Canada in
recent years, "which makes it important for Canadians to seriously consider
immunization against the disease."

Booze affects babies of nursing moms: Study

BOSTON - The alcohol consumed by a new mother is quickly incorporated into her
breast milk, where, contrary to conventional medical wisdom, it can adversely
affect the feeding behavior of the baby, new research shows. Julie Mennella and
Gary Beauchamp of the Monell Chemical Senses Centre in Philadelphia discovered
alcohol quickly affects the odor of breast milk and newborns suck harder while
consuming less breast milk if the mother has been drinking the amount of liquor
found in only one bottle of beer. Their findings were published in the New
England Journal of Medicine.

Natives will be hit hard by AIDS, seminar told

PRINCE GEORGE, B.C. - Native populations will be hard hit by AIDS within 10
years if aboriginal leaders don't start taking action to prevent its spread,
says the president of the Vancouver Native Health Society. "It will become a
scourge just like the smallpox epidemics which wiped out native communities a
century ago," says Debbie Mearns. Forty per cent of the people using a needle
exchange program funded by Vancouver are native, Mearns told a seminar organized
by the Prince George Native Friendship Centre.

Pizzas battle burgers in sales wars

Pizza sales are taking a bite out of hamburgers, according to new statistics
from the Canadian Restaurant Association. In 1990, hamburgers, including
cheeseburgers, accounted for 10.1 per cent of all restaurant orders, with pizza
at 7.6 per cent. But a year later, pizza sales are up to 8.7 per cent and
hamburgers have dropped to 9.7 per cent. The reason pizza is becoming
increasingly popular is its versatility. "It can be served in the fanciest, most
upscale restaurant but also has the integrity to stand up to the rigors of home
delivery," says an association spokesperson.

FROM STAR STAFF AND NEWS SERVICES


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     October 4, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Hepatitis shot, yuppie flu not linked, foundation says

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 438 words


   A researcher's statement that people receiving hepatitis B immunization risk
getting the so-called Yuppie flu is "baseless and irresponsible in the extreme,"
the Canadian Liver Foundation says. Dr. Sam Lee of the foundation's medical
advisory board says, "There is no medical evidence for such a preposterous
statement" by Dr. Byron Hyde, chairman of the Ottawa-based Nightingale Research
Foundation.

"It's medically impossible for any disease to be transmitted by the vaccines in
current use against hepatitis B and the public has nothing to fear from
vaccination," Lee says. Hepatitis B cases have been skyrocketing in Canada in
recent years, "which makes it important for Canadians to seriously consider
immunization against the disease."

Booze affects babies of nursing moms: Study

BOSTON - The alcohol consumed by a new mother is quickly incorporated into her
breast milk, where, contrary to conventional medical wisdom, it can adversely
affect the feeding behavior of the baby, new research shows. Julie Mennella and
Gary Beauchamp of the Monell Chemical Senses Centre in Philadelphia discovered
alcohol quickly affects the odor of breast milk and newborns suck harder while
consuming less breast milk if the mother has been drinking the amount of liquor
found in only one bottle of beer. Their findings were published in the New
England Journal of Medicine.

Natives will be hit hard by AIDS, seminar told

PRINCE GEORGE, B.C. - Native populations will be hard hit by AIDS within 10
years if aboriginal leaders don't start taking action to prevent its spread,
says the president of the Vancouver Native Health Society. "It will become a
scourge just like the smallpox epidemics which wiped out native communities a
century ago," says Debbie Mearns. Forty per cent of the people using a needle
exchange program funded by Vancouver are native, Mearns told a seminar organized
by the Prince George Native Friendship Centre.

Pizzas battle burgers in sales wars

Pizza sales are taking a bite out of hamburgers, according to new statistics
from the Canadian Restaurant Association. In 1990, hamburgers, including
cheeseburgers, accounted for 10.1 per cent of all restaurant orders, with pizza
at 7.6 per cent. But a year later, pizza sales are up to 8.7 per cent and
hamburgers have dropped to 9.7 per cent. The reason pizza is becoming
increasingly popular is its versatility. "It can be served in the fanciest, most
upscale restaurant but also has the integrity to stand up to the rigors of home
delivery," says an association spokesperson.

FROM STAR STAFF AND NEWS SERVICESdigest; fast; lane

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                            February 7, 2003 Friday

Shuttle disaster may affect National Space Symposium

BYLINE: Lance Gurwell

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


With people everywhere grieving over the loss of the seven astronauts aboard the
space shuttle Columbia, local space proponents also wonder how it will affect
happenings in their own back yard.

NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe is one of the keynote speakers at the 19th
National Space Symposium in Colorado Springs in April, but in the aftermath of
the loss of Columbia, the program could change, symposium executives said.

The loss may also affect another symposium co-sponsored by the Colorado
Springs-based Space Foundation, set for Feb. 19 in Washington, D.C. O'Keefe is
also a keynote speaker at the Space at the Crossroads symposium there, where he
was to report on the National Aerospace Initiative.

As the investigation into the accident moves ahead, O'Keefe has named Brigadier
General Dane Deal, commander of the 21st Space Wing at Peterson Air Force Base,
to take part of in independent review of NASA's findings.

Dane is one of several experts named to the Space Shuttle Mishap Interagency
Investigation Board, which will provide independent review of the events and
activities that led up to the loss of Columbia.

The board chairman is retired U.S. Navy Admiral Harold W. Gehman Jr. He
co-chaired the independent commission that investigated the attack on the U.S.S.
Cole in Aden, Yemen, Oct. 12, 2000, and served as commander in chief of U.S.
Joint Forces Command.

"While the NASA family and the entire world mourn the loss of our colleagues, we
have a responsibility to quickly move forward with an external assessment to
determine exactly what happened and why," said O'Keefe. "We're honored to have
such a distinguished panel of experts, led by Admiral Gehman."

It appears likely scientists know what caused the Columbia disaster, but the
remaining shuttle fleet of three shuttles remain grounded for the near future as
a solution to the problem is sought. That means O'Keefe might have to bow out of
the April 7-10 symposium at The Broadmoor and remain in Washington to deal with
the disaster and potential fixes.

The Colorado Springs conference is widely regarded as the premier symposium for
space professionals anywhere in the world. It is the only space-related
conference fully integrating all sectors of space -- commercial, civil and
national security -- while attracting important and influential speakers, as
well as the national leadership of the space industry.

Space industry leaders, military and government officials and general space
enthusiasts attend the symposium, and pour millions of dollars in the city's
economy.

"This has obviously been a really hard week for all of us in this industry,"
said Elliot Pulham, president and chief executive officer at the Space
Foundation.

"This particular vehicle and crew were perhaps even closer to us than normal,
because we had in fact gone down to the launch of this mission and were there
with some family members at the time of the launch."

Regarding possible impacts on the upcoming event, there are three possibilities,
said Pulham.

"There are three answers -- you can take your pick," Pulham said. "One answer is
it might hurt and attendance could be off; another answer is no change, and the
third answer is that more people will come."

Understanding the nature of its industry, the symposium is planned with
flexibility in mind, Pulham said, but no one from NASA, including O'Keefe and
numerous other NASA staff.

"We always try to maintain some flexibility in our schedule right up to the last
moment," said Pulham. "That way we can address what's going on in the industry
in the timeliest fashion, so obviously (the shuttle disaster) is going to be
addressed."

Pulham expects 4,000 people at the symposium, and increased interest drove
organizers to enlarge the event twice already.

"Despite weakness in the economy and serious concerns about overcapacity in the
satellite manufacturing and commercial launch sectors, there is a great forward
momentum in the space industry right now," Pulham said before Saturday's loss,
and there now will be renewed interest in space, the nation's space programs,
and military users of space products.

Locally, loss of the shuttle could increase demand for expendable motors or
boosters, made in Colorado, said Trip Carter, Colorado's official space
advocate. Those components are used in the launch of commercial and military
satellites.

Space industries add $3.8 billion to the state's economy, said Carter, directly
responsible for 38,000 jobs, and another 75,000 jobs exist as support
industries.

"One positive thing that will come out of shuttle -- really having nothing to do
with the failure mode of the accident itself -- it brings the issue of manned
space flight back into the forefront," Carter said. "That terrible accident,
some good will come out of it.

"We manufacture more expendable launch vehicles in this state," he said.

The Delta II and the Atlas V are manufactured in Colorado, employing large
numbers of workers in Pueblo, the Denver area and other parts of the state.

The Foundation also conducts the 19th National Space Symposium, April 7-10,
2003, at The Broadmoor Hotel in Colorado Springs; and the International Space
Symposium, Oct. 28-30, 2003, at the Reagan International Trade Center in
Washington, D.C. For more information visit www.spacefoundation.org or call
800/691-4000.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Misdemeanor conviction won't affect candidacy

BYLINE: STEPHEN THOMPSON, spthompson@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 302 words


The Largo man was convicted of violating an injunction.

By STEPHEN THOMPSON

spthompson@tampatrib.com

CLEARWATER - A Largo man who lost his children after one was bitten by a pet
wolf-hybrid has been convicted of violating an injunction designed to keep him
away from them.

But the conviction won't affect his candidacy for a Pinellas County Commission
seat, officials said.

Greg Pound, 54, is scheduled to be sentenced next month after a jury Tuesday
found him guilty of the misdemeanor. Prosecutors are seeking a year-long
sentence in jail.

The petition for an injunction was filed by the children's grandfather, who has
adopted them, said Richard Ripplinger, the county court director of the
misdemeanor division.

Although Pound was ordered to stay away from his children, he placed himself
along his children's school bus routes, displayed signs and blew kisses at them,
Ripplinger said. Some of Pound's actions were recorded on video by Pinellas
sheriff's detectives, who investigated Pound, Ripplinger said.

Pound is a candidate for a District 2 at-large county commission seat. He is
challenging incumbent Calvin Harris, as is Norm Roche.

Nancy Whitlock, a spokeswoman for the Supervisor of Elections Office in Pinellas
County, said Pound's conviction won't affect his candidacy because it is for a
misdemeanor, not a felony.

"Misdemeanors are not even on the radar," Whitlock said. "It doesn't affect your
voting rights, so it doesn't affect your eligibility as a candidate."

Pound has become a fixture outside the criminal justice center on 49th Street,
where he encourages passers-by to look at his website, RescueMyKids.com. He
accuses the state of unnecessarily taking children away from their parents.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           December 5, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TOP BACTERIAL PATHOGENS

BYLINE: MARY SHEDDEN, mshedden@tampatrib.com

SECTION: 4YOU; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 403 words


By MARY SHEDDEN

mshedden@tampatrib.com

Foodborne illness is an unsavory reality that sickens 76 million people in the
United States each year. While consumers can't control what happens to food
produced at farms and factories, there are four basic steps they can take to
avoid infection once they get the food home: wash hands and surfaces often; cook
food completely; don't cross-contaminate foods; and refrigerate food after
serving. Experts consider these some of the worst bacterial pathogens:

Organism: Salmonella

Affects: 40,000 cases reported a year; actual number estimated about 1.2 million

Signs, symptoms: diarrhea, fever, abdominal cramps, vomiting

Food sources: eggs, poultry, meat, unpasteurized milk or juice, cheese,
contaminated raw fruits and vegetables

Organism: campylobacteriosis

Affects: estimated 2.4 million U.S. residents each year

Signs, symptoms: diarrhea, cramps, fever, and vomiting

Food sources: raw and undercooked poultry, unpasteurized milk, contaminated
water

Organism: Shigella

Affects: 14,000 cases reported a year; actual number estimated at more than
280,000

Signs, symptoms: abdominal cramps, fever, diarrhea; stools can contain blood,
mucus

Food sources: raw produce, contaminated drinking water, uncooked foods and
cooked foods not reheated after contact with infected food handler

Organism: E. coli O157:H7

Affects: estimated 70,000 cases a year

Signs, symptoms: severe and often bloody diarrhea, abdominal pain and vomiting;
little or no fever; more common in young children; can lead to kidney failure.

Food sources: undercooked beef (especially hamburger), unpasteurized milk and
juice, raw fruits and vegetables, contaminated water

Organism: listeriosis

Affects: 2,500 serious illnesses a year, including 500 deaths

Signs, symptoms: fever, muscle aches, nausea or diarrhea; may trigger bacteremia
or meningitis in the elderly or persons with a weak immune system. Higher risk
for pregnant women, who may get mild flu-like symptoms and an infection that can
lead to premature delivery or stillbirth.

Food sources: unpasteurized milk, soft cheeses made with unpasteurized milk,
ready-to-eat deli meats

Sources: Food and Drug Administration, University of Florida Emerging Pathogens
Institute, Center for Foodborne Illness Research & Prevention; Foodborne
Diseases Active Surveillance Network

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

Virus could affect right whales

BYLINE: Michael Hall, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


Nov. 21--The approximately 450 remaining North Atlantic right whales could be
facing a new threat the next few months that is believed to have killed hundreds
of dolphins on the East Coast.

As the whales make their way south during their annual calving season, between
late November and March, scientists who track them could have to add
morbillivirus to threats that include collisions with ships, entanglements in
commercial fishing ropes and natural predators.

Morbillivirus is a marine mammal disease that often affects an animal's lungs
and brains, making it susceptible to other diseases. It is ravaging Atlantic
Ocean migratory dolphin populations and may have been responsible for the more
than 780 dolphin strandings since July from New York to Florida, documented by
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.

NOAA statistics show more than 120 of the beached dolphins tested positive or
are suspected to have tested positive for the virus.

Four dolphins were found stranded along Georgia's coast this past weekend. The
four are being tested for the virus, a process that could take several weeks.

In October, morbillivirus was confirmed in a beached pygmy sperm whale on Jekyll
Island. The whale most likely beached itself, however, after swallowing several
sheets of plastic.

With the disease having such a noticeable impact on dolphins and the fact that
all marine mammals can contract it, scientists like Blair Mase, NOAA's
southeastern marine mammal stranding coordinator, will be paying close attention
during the critically endangered right whale's annual migration south.

At this point, Mase says it is hard to tell whether the virus will impact the
right whale population. "We just really don't know right now," Mase said
Wednesday.

The virus has been confirmed in a few humpback whales, but those whales showed
no symptoms of the disease. Symptoms exhibited by infected marine mammals
include skin lesions, pneumonia and brain infections. Infected animals also may
appear thin and be suffering respiratory difficulties.

Mase said she was unsure if right whales will react in the same way as their
humpback cousins.

"(The virus) is kind of similar to humans and the flu. Some people are more
affected by it than others," Mase said.

Affected animals tend to be discovered after they become stranded, which makes
finding them in Georgia especially difficult.

"Georgia is a lot different than other states. There are not a lot of very
populated beaches," Mase said.

That is where aerial surveys, conducted from December to February to count the
number of calving pairs in Southeastern waters, are extremely important, she
added.

Barb Zoodsma, who coordinates the NOAA right whale recovery program, is also
hoping the virus does not greatly impact the sea mammal's population.

"I'm hoping the good number of whales in Cape Cod Bay during 2012 bodes well for
our calving season this year. However, typical indicators are so variable,
there's really no telling what's going to happen," Zoodsma said.

-- Reporter Michael Hall writes about public safety, environment and other local
topics. Contact him at mhall@thebrunswicknews.com, on Facebook or at 265-8320,
ext. 320.

Help out

To help the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration keep track of marine
mammal strandings around the Southeast, download its Dolphin & Whale 911 or See
& ID Dolphins & Whales apps at iTunes or Google Play stores.

___ (c)2013 The Brunswick News (Brunswick, Ga.) Visit The Brunswick News
(Brunswick, Ga.) at www.thebrunswicknews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131121-GE-Virus-could-affect-right-whales-1121-20131121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                       Copyright 2013 The Brunswick News


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 26, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Big East, Gator ties uncertain;
Conference hopes loss of 3 top teams won't affect hope to keep bowl berth after
'06.

BYLINE: Garry Smits, The Times-Union

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 753 words


The Big East Conference loses Miami and Virginia Tech this year and Boston
College the next.

It adds Connecticut in football this year, and Louisville, South Florida and
Cincinnati in all sports the next.

How does this drastic re-shaping of one of the six Bowl Championship Series
conferences affect the Big East's overall bowl reputation, and what kind of
product will the conference send to the Gator Bowl for the final two years (the
2005 and 2006 games) of its four-year contract to play an ACC team?

The answers from Big East and Gator Bowl officials are tinged with optimism but
tempered with the reality of the situation.

"The Big East has changed, and only time will tell how much those changes will
affect the conference," said Gator Bowl president Rick Catlett. "But there are
still good bowl teams left in the Big East, and some potentially good bowl teams
coming in. The Big East has been a tremendous partner for the Gator Bowl and we
don't see that changing over the next two years."

Big East commissioner Mike Tranghese said the Gator Bowl, which gets the first
choice of his league's teams after the BCS bowls hold their draft, may not be
affected drastically by the departure of Miami, Virginia Tech and Boston
College.

"The only team we lost that has always been very attractive to the Gator Bowl
was Virginia Tech," Tranghese said. "Boston College never played in the Gator
Bowl [since the affiliation began in 1995] and Miami only played once.

"Notre Dame is still in the mix for the Gator Bowl [the Gator can bypass a Big
East team for Notre Dame twice in four years, and can do so once in the next
two], and West Virginia will always sell tickets. I think Pittsburgh and
Syracuse would do very well in the Gator Bowl."

In the past, the Gator Bowl invited a Big East team that had a proven record of
selling huge amounts of tickets (Virginia Tech or West Virginia), or one that
produced solid TV ratings on NBC (Notre Dame, Miami or Syracuse). Since the Big
East vs. ACC affiliation began with the 1996 Gator Bowl game, those have been
the only Big East teams to make the Gator Bowl.

This year, the Gator Bowl's choices from the Big East may be more limited.

West Virginia, which helped sell out the game last year, is expected to compete
for the conference title this year with Syracuse, Boston College and Pittsburgh.
In 2005, the Big East choices for the Gator Bowl could expand, with the addition
of Louisville, Cincinnati and South Florida. If any of those teams make the
game, Catlett said ticket sales could potentially be strong.

"I think those three teams, plus Connecticut, would do very well selling tickets
because of the excitement their fans would feel about being in a New Year's Day
game," Catlett said.

Cincinnati athletic director Bob Goin said the chance to play in a Gator Bowl
would bring Bearcats fans out in droves.

"For one thing, being in the Gator Bowl would mean we were pretty good," Goin
said. "That in itself would get everyone fired up. Jacksonville on New Year's
Day, I promise you, would get them even more excited."

But a crucial issue looming is the Big East's future after the current four-year
contract expires. It would be academic if the Gator Bowl became the fifth Bowl
Championship Series game, but if that effort fails, would the Big East stay in
the Gator Bowl mix?

Catlett has already said the Gator Bowl wants to keep its affiliation with the
ACC beyond 2006, if it doesn't join the BCS. There has been speculation that the
Gator Bowl will try to obtain an SEC or Big 12 team to fill the other spot.

Catlett doesn't discount the chances of the Gator Bowl continuing its ACC vs.
Big East affiliation.

"We're not really thinking beyond our BCS efforts," Catlett said. "But if we
don't get into the BCS, the Big East has just as good a chance as any other
conference."

Tranghese said the Big East is ready to re-up, should the Gator Bowl want it.

"Without question, we want to stay with the Gator Bowl," he said. "We know Rick
has to look at all the options but it would be a top priority for us to stay
here. We've been coming to Ponte Vedra for our spring meetings for 18 years now,
and our people love Jacksonville."

Tranghese said the new Big East, as a bowl conference, will be balanced.

"We can't replace Miami, no ifs, ands or buts," he said. "But what we have is a
chance to have eight good football teams. Maybe in a given year there won't be
one ranked first, second or third, but we'll have a lot of teams among the
top-50."

garry.smits@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4362.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Photo: spt_richardCatlett 122751725 Rick Catlett

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 4, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Question: Are you worried that the weak national economy will affect your job?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 246 words


Carlos E. Salazar, 35
Personnel rep.
Kansas City, Mo.
Yes, I am worried about job losses, especially in the electrical utility
industry where I work. Corporations are going to have to do what they have to do
to make a profit. Here, we've already seen a lot of small companies closing,
leaving hundreds of people with nowhere to turn.

Gladys Zahn, 54
Dental office manager
Robert, La.

I don't think it would affect me personally - at least I hope not. But it has
affected a lot of people in this area. Farmers are laying off, and people who
work at the shipyards have been laid off. Both wives and husbands are being laid
off, leaving families without an income.

William Cartwright, 27
Assistant manager
White Plains, N.Y.

Honestly, no, I'm not worried. My job is pretty stable. I don't think it'll
affect me financially, either. But I just got a second job to supplement my
income. Stores in my area are hiring.

Terry Parisi, 27
Account manager
Saratoga Springs, N.Y.

Yes, I am. It's a concern, especially in the computer industry, which is very
fast moving. Companies are here today but may be bankrupt tomorrow.

Charlie Spath, 37
Investment rep.
Tucson, Ariz.

I personally am not too concerned about that at this point with our company.
We're in the financial services field. We work with very conservative
investments, which are good in good times as well as bad. So we are seeing a
great deal of potential in coming out of the recession.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate; Voices

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; VOICES FROM ACROSS THE USA; Today, the government is
scheduled to release September's unemployment figures, the first comprehensive
look at economic activity for the month. Economists have predicted the jobless
rate would either stay at 6.8% or climb to 6.9%, meaning 8.5 million are out of
work. USA TODAY called readers for their comments.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MARCH 30, 2001 Friday CITY-D EDITION

TOO MANY PLAYERS SEEK TOO FEW SPOTS ON PHILLIES' ROSTER

BYLINE: Bob Brookover INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 795 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA, Fla.


Dreams are about to be shattered.

Lives are about to be changed.

The Phillies have 25 roster spots and 31 potential players to fill them. For 20
players - the Scott Rolens and Mike Lieberthals of the world - there are no
worries. No one is going to tap them on the shoulder this morning or tomorrow
morning and tell them, "Nice job, but you didn't make the cut."

For 11 others, this is a time when stomachs churn. Tension is high. Smiles come
hard.

"There's no question I feel for those guys," third base coach John Vukovich said
before yesterday's exhibition game against the Cincinnati Reds was rained out
after two innings. "These are the memories you want to forget about this game.
There's a pressure that you can't understand unless you've gone through it. It's
a pressure that affects your play; it affects your sleep; it affects your mood
and everything else."

It is a diverse group fighting for the final five jobs on the roster.

Reliever Ed Vosberg, for example, has been through this routine so many times he
has lost count. Jason Michaels, on the other hand, is in his first big-league
camp and has already exceeded any expectations he had before he arrived at Camp
Clearwater. Then there are guys like Kevin Jordan and Rob Ducey who came to camp
with guaranteed contracts, but still find their jobs in jeopardy.

Vosberg's professional career started in 1983, the same year the Wheeze Kids
went to the World Series. Now, at 39, he is old enough to have been on that
Phillies team. He'd settle for being on this Phillies team.

Even though Vosberg has thrown well this spring, he may not have thrown well
enough. His competition for the job as the second lefty in the bullpen has been
almost perfect, a fact Vosberg readily acknowledges. Eddie Oropesa hasn't
allowed a run in 11 2/3 innings. Still, that won't make it any easier on Vosberg
if he doesn't make the team.

"This is the dreadful part of the game," the veteran lefty said. "It's just a
lot of emotions. But this is still a great way to make a living, and this is one
of the things that goes along with it. I think it just comes down to when they
call you to do the job, you do the best you can. But there is a lot of down time
to think about things."

For Vosberg, the analysis is simple. It's him or Oropesa. At this point, Oropesa
has to be considered the favorite.

In other cases, the decisions are far more complicated. It appears as if one
righthanded spot in the bullpen remains open for Wayne Gomes, Chris Brock and
Clint Sodowsky. Even though Sodowsky has pitched well this spring, he is still a
long shot to make the team. It's still possible, however, that both Gomes and
Brock could make the team if the Phillies decide to carry 12 pitchers.

Gomes, who has an option remaining, has lived through this before. He had a
great spring in 1998, but was shockingly sent to the minors.

"It doesn't get any easier," said Gomes, who has a 2.08 ERA in 10
spring-training appearances. "It's baseball. It's competition. It just goes back
to you can't worry about things you can't control. I have control over what I do
on the mound, and I think I've done extremely well. But I'd be lying if I said I
wasn't thinking about my position in the organization right now."

Things become even more convoluted when you start to analyze the bench
situation. Players with guaranteed contracts are always front-runners to win
jobs, but Ducey and Jordan didn't play well last season and haven't soothed
those concerns with the way they've performed this spring.

That has created opportunities for guys like Michaels, David Newhan and Brian R.
Hunter, one of whom will definitely make the team.

"Sure, you try to play out the scenarios in your head," Newhan said. "You try to
figure out what they're thinking. But you can't look too far ahead. You just
have to focus on the task at hand. It would be nice to know where you need to
get an apartment, but you just have to make the best of the situation."

Salaries will also be affected by the Phillies' decisions. Newhan, for example,
will make $203,000 if he makes the roster, but only $11,000 a month if he is
sent to triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre. For Michaels, it is the difference
between making $200,000 this season or just over $10,000.

Vosberg will make $500,000 if he is in the big leagues or still be paid the
handsome sum of $25,000 a month if he doesn't make the team. Gomes is guaranteed
$925,000 regardless of where he pitches. But this is one of those cases where
the money really doesn't matter as much as you might think.

"I want to be in the big leagues," Gomes said. "I'm a big-league pitcher. I'm
not a minor-league pitcher."

Bob Brookover's e-mail address is bbrookover@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AKIRA SUWA, Inquirer Staff Photographer - Jason Michaels, sliding into
home in a recent game, has exceeded all expectations in Clearwater. But will it
be enough to make the big club?

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                November 8, 1982

Honeywell to Lay Off 1,850; Year-to-Date Total: 3,000

BYLINE: By Paul Gillin, CW Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


Honeywell, Inc. will lay off approximately 1,850 employees in its Information
Systems Division by Dec. 2, bringing to 3,000 the number of employees furloughed
this year.

The layoff will primarily affect "staff not directly involved in selling,
servicing or manufacturing the product," a spokesman said.  However, the company
said some reductions will be made in field support functions at branch locations
throughout the U.S.  The spokesman would not say how the cutbacks will affect
field service.

The layoff will affect about 800 employees in Massachusetts, the spokesman said.
A reliable source said that figure includes 280 employees in the Small Systems
and Peripherals and Office Systems and Terminals Divisions, which make the DPS 6
line of minicomputers and terminals.

The rest of the Massachusetts layoffs will be concentrated in the U.S. Marketing
and Services Group, which cut 700 employees from its rolls in January.

In the Phoenix area, where mainframe computers are manufactured, layoffs will
hit 450 employees, the spokesman said.  Another 115 employees will be laid off
in Minneapolis.

The remaining 475 employees are in field support and international operations.

The spokesman said direct production employees in Massachusetts would not be
immediately affected by the layoffs, but 125 production employees will be laid
off in Phoenix.

Honeywell's Information Systems work force numbers 27,000 worldwide.

Analysts see the reduction as the latest in a series of management actions that
the company has undertaken to reorient its direction, which one analyst called
"meandering."

In January, Honeywell laid off 1,150 division employees and announced a major
reorganization.  In September, division President Steven G. Jerritts was demoted
and replace by Renier in what the company said was a move "to bring new ideas
and technology to the business and to position Information Systems for later
decades."

"Honeywell seems ready to go through the same moves as Burroughs went through
last year," said Brian Jeffery, director of computer research at Strategic, Inc.
in San Jose, Calif.

"Over the last year we have been seeing high staff turnover, stagnant sales and
little in the way of product introductions," he said.

Jeffery called prospects for the DPS 88 large-scale computer, which had been
announced in October, "questionable."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 Computerworld, Inc.


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

GAO Study Says Local Pension Plans Face Shortfalls of Nearly $200 Billion

                             April 15, 1996, Monday

By Joanne Morrison and Katherine M. Reynolds

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



State and local government pension plans are underfunded by nearly $200 billion,
a General Accounting Office study shows.

Although the shortfall is only half the unfunded liability of 20 years ago, the
watchdog agency warned that current funding shortages may result in future
budget problems for municipalities and could affect their credit ratings.

The GAO said the unfunded liability it found in the mid-1970s was about $150
billion to $175 billion, but that figure would be $400 billion today after
adjustment for inflation.

The GAO said about 38% of the nation's state and local pension plans are less
than 80% funded.

"If benefits are not fully funded, the relative fiscal burden of providing for
them will grow as well. Also, prospects for such budgetary pressures can
significantly affect the sponsoring government's bond ratings," the GAO said in
the study released last week.

However, the Government Finance Officers Association said Friday that GAO's
conclusions are overstated. Congress' investigative arm based its study on the
1990 and 1992 Public Pension Coordinating Council's survey of public pension
plans, which is developed and administered by the GFOA.

But the GFOA said its own analysis of the data differs with several of GAO's
conclusions.

"GAO contends that one-third of public pension plans were both underfunded and
not receiving the actuarially required employer contribution," GFOA said. "This
conclusion vastly overstates the extent to which the problem of
undercontributing affects plans and plan members."

The GFOA maintains that only 9% of public pension plans are both underfunded and
do not collect enough contributions from employers.

The GAO report came as many municipalities have begun to try to solve their
pension funding problems by issuing taxable debt. Municipalities across the
country have issued more than $6 billion of bonds - mostly taxable - to pay off
accrued unfunded pension liabilities in the past decade. Proponents say selling
bonds to fully fund a retirement system harmlessly swaps one kind of liability
for another - with lower interest costs. Taxpayer advocates, however, claim that
the obligations unfairly burden the public with higher debt service costs.

Local governments in California and New York have been the biggest pension bond
enthusiasts. California has issued the most debt, with a total of $5.86 billion.

A number of smaller deals in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Florida, Minnesota, and
Iowa have also come to market. Passaic County, N.J., in mid- September combined
a $30 million taxable pension bond issue with a $13 million tax-exempt
refunding. In Pennsylvania, York and Harrisburg sold $36 million and $31
million, respectively, of taxable pension bonds on Dec. 5, and Allentown
completed a $37 million pension bond issue on Dec. 28, despite some local
opposition.

Jackson, Miss., is currently considering a $50 million taxable pension bond
sale. Philadelphia is also considering a bond issue, among other options, for
dealing with a $2 billion-plus unfunded pension liability.

Still, the GAO warned that if underfunding persists, plans will lack enough
funds to pay benefits.

"Although state and local governments rarely become insolvent or cease to
operate, those with underfunded pension plans may face difficult budget choices
in the future if they do not work toward full funding," GAO said.

A sponsoring government will either have to make additional contributions to the
pension fund or change the law to reduce benefits or postpone benefit increases
that offset inflation.

Future taxpayers will face a liability for benefits earned by current and former
government workers, leaving these governments to choose between reducing future
pension benefits or raising revenues through tax hikes, the GAO said.

But benefit costs can increase rapidly if the number of retirees surges,
compounding problems of funding shortfalls, the GAO said. In addition,
government revenues may not be a viable income source because tax bases can
decrease for a number or reasons even though promised benefits have already been
determined.

"The ratio of active workers to retirees is declining in the state and local
sector, which means that the cost of paying benefits for previous years'
employees is growing relative to the cost of paying current employees," the GAO
said.

Further, the watchdog agency noted that underfunding can arise not only when
pension contributions do not fully cover the cost of the pension benefits that
workers earn, but also if a pension plan's investments are not earning as high a
return as projected.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 771 words

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Commission Announces Workshop to Explore How Fraud Affects Different
Communities

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: Washington


Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Federal Trade Commission will host a workshop entitled "Fraud Affects Every
Community" on Oct. 29, 2014, in Washington to examine how fraud affects groups
including older adults, servicemembers and veterans, low-income communities, and
African-Americans, Latinos, Asians, and Native Americans.

The FTC's law enforcement experience, input from consumer advocates, and survey
research reveal that some broadly-targeted frauds - such as telemarketing fraud,
debt-relief services, phony opportunities to earn income, and unauthorized
billing schemes - are more likely to affect certain communities. Meanwhile, some
scams target specific populations - such as service-members shopping for cars,
or people seeking help with the immigration process.

This workshop will examine the marketplace experiences of people in these
communities, identify areas of concern in different communities, and seek to
find actionable remedies through cooperation, law enforcement, industry
fraud-prevention initiatives, community outreach and education. The event will
bring together consumer advocates, state and federal regulators, fraud
prevention experts, academics and researchers to discuss the issues. Its
findings will enhance the FTC's ongoing efforts to fight fraud in the
marketplace in every community.

The workshop will address the following issues:

What are the top consumer protection concerns in each community?
 What types of fraud are most prevalent in each community?
 What are the different experiences consumers have on the Internet?
 What interventions by consumer groups, industry, or academics have been and
could be successful to prevent fraud?

Individuals who are interested in speaking at the workshop can email
everycommunity@ftc.gov with information about any relevant experience in this
area by Sept. 24, 2014. The workshop, which is free and open to the public, will
be held at the FTC's Constitution Center location at 400 7th Street, SW,
Washington, DC 20024.

The Commission will publish a more detailed agenda at a later date.

Reasonable accommodations for people with disabilities are available upon
request. Requests should be submitted to Lara Kittleson via email at
lkittleson@ftc.gov or by calling 202-326-3388. Requests should be made in
advance, and include a detailed description of the accommodations needed and
contact information.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Say what? Fayetteville's past and present affect the way residents pronounce
words

BYLINE: Chick Jacobs, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 898 words


Aug. 12--You say tomato. I say to-mah-to.

But how do you say route? How about Skibo?

And don't even get us started on pecan.

Fayetteville is a linguist's delight. The broad, deep Southern drawl of her past
is constantly being seasoned with inflections and nuances from around the world
-- with occasionally surprising results.

"Fayetteville, with all the influences that meet there, is a wonderful spot in
the South," said Walt Wolfram, a sociolinguist at North Carolina State
University. "The diversity in Fayetteville means things are always going to be
just a little different than they would be otherwise."

Wolfram cited obvious factors in our elocution evolution: the city's Southern
history, ethnic influences and social classes. The historic confluence between
upland farmers and coastal settlements who met and mingled along the Cape Fear
River was a factor.

He also noted some less common influences, including the clipped precision of
military jargon and peer pressure.

"The influence that the military can have, especially in an area like yours, can
be substantial," he said. "What happens when the military influences a local
dialect can be a whole story unto itself."

And once an area's vocal style is established, he said, then it isn't likely to
change much.

"Mass communication doesn't really affect things, certainly not as much as
people like to believe," Wolfram said. "People tend to form a dialect based on
personal interaction, not what they hear on TV.

"They want to communicate with their peers, so their speech adapts to that
desire. Peer influence, more than parents and mass media, determine our
dialect."

This summer, the Observer took to the streets, asking residents to pronounce a
seemingly random collection of words. The words were part of an exhaustive
survey by linguistic researcher Bert Vaux 10 years ago. The study was digitally
compiled by N.C. State student Joshua Katz and became a summer Internet
sensation.

We were intrigued, but a bit skeptical, about some of the results. Did people in
Fayetteville really say "pee-KAHN" as often as "PEE-can?" Do 9 out of 10 folks
in Fayetteville really call their parent's sister "ant," rather than "ahnt?"

And how do folks from Fayetteville pronounce their home town, anyway? Three
syllables or two? "FAY-ette-ville," "FADE-ville" or "FED-vull?"

You can watch the results of our interviews online at fayobserver.com. Better
yet, when the words pop up, why not make your voice heard? Respond out loud and
see how you match up.

After talking with close to 100 people in the city, of all ages, races and
backgrounds, we learned:

The Chamber of Commerce can relax. About 90 percent of the people interviewed
say either "FAY-ette-ville" or "FAY-ette-vull." Any two syllable pronunciations
were few and far between.

Once you're surrounded by "y'all," you might as well give in. Katz's study said
only 56 percent of people in Fayetteville use the word. In our interview, it was
more like 75 percent. And people who grew up in other places admitted to using
it when talking to locals.

Like their namesake after a wind storm, pecans are all over the place. There
wasn't a clear leader in pronunciation, with emphasis on first and second
syllables and "can" vs. "kahn" coming in nearly even. That said, no one was
willing to turn down a pecan pie, no matter how they pronounced it.

The younger you are, the more likely you are to say "ahnt" than "ant" when
talking about a female relative. While "ant" was the clear winner, about a third
of the people under 21 interviewed used "ahnt." And sorry, Mayberry fans, but
"aint" isn't gaining any traction.

Finally, folks in Fayetteville have "SKY-bo" down pat, but there's still a rift
between RAH-be-son and ROBE-son County. About 60 percent of the people
interviewed said "RAH-be-son," with several variations being offered, as well.

Wolfram noted that an area's idiosyncrasies in speech are now seen as a source
of pride, rather than shame.

"There was a time when people would try to erase their accent, and some still
do," he said. "But many others, far more, embrace their dialect. It's a
reflection of who you are."

So, you don't have to say "y'all" to be one of us. You just have to know we say
it with love.

But it wouldn't hurt to learn to say Skibo correctly.

Staff writer Chick Jacobs can be reached at jacobsc@fayobserver.com or 486-3515.
He says "PEE-can" and "UM-brella."

by the numbers

Words from the original 2003 dialect survey and how responders in Fayetteville
compared recently:

? Aunt

2013:

ant: 65%

ahnt: 35%

2003:

ant: 82%

ahnt: 6%

? Been

2013:

bin: 70%

ben: 20%

bean: 10%

2003:

bin: 68%

ben: 25%

bean: 2%

? Poem

2013:

two: syllables 85%

one: syllable 15%

2003:

two: syllables 72%

one: syllable 28%

? Umbrella

2013:

um- BRELL -a: 90%

UM -brell-a: 10%

2003:

um- BRELL -a: 68%

UM -brell-a: 32%

? Route

2013:

like hoot: 45%

like out: 35%

depends on use: 20%

2003:

like hoot: 26%

like out: 23%

depends on use: 51%

? Root

2013:

like hoot: 90%

like out: 10%

2003:

like food: 85%

like foot: 13%

? Syrup

2013:

sir-up: 50%

sear-up: 40%

sih-rup: 10%

2003:

sir-up: 58%

sear-up: 25%

sih-rup: 16%

? Craig (the name)

2013:

like egg: 85%

like age: 15%

2003:

like egg: 60%

like age: 40%

? Two or more people

>2013:

y'all: 65%

you guys: 25%

other: 10%

2003:

y'all: 56%

you guys: 22%

other: 22%

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130812-FY-Say-what-Fayetteville-s-past-and-present-affect
-the-way-residents-pronounce-words-0812-20130812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                 April 29, 2014

                    Seacoast Banking Corporation of Florida

                       815 Colorado Avenue, P O Box 9012
                               Stuart,  OR 34994
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Increase in Total Deposits

   Increase in total deposits of the company reflects strong customer sentiments
and better returns on cash deposits. Seacoast Banking exhibited an increase in
its total deposits. The company reported total deposits of US$1.81 billion
during FY2013. The company's total deposits grew at a CAGR of 0.37% during
2009â[#x20ac]"13 with an annual growth of 2.68% over FY2012. Such increase in
total deposits strengthens the company's financial position and expands its
lending capabilities.

Broad Product and Service Portfolio

   Seacoast Banking's broad product and service portfolio provides it with a
competitive edge over its peers in the industry. The company, along with its
subsidiary Seacoast National Bank, provides a range of personal banking,
business banking and wealth management services to individuals, corporate and
small and middle-market businesses. The products offered by the bank include
checking accounts, savings accounts, certificate of deposits, individual
retirement accounts, auto loans, boat loans, RV loans, mortgage loans,
commercial real estate loans, lines of credit, equipment loans and credit cards.
The services offered by the bank include investment management services, trust
services, brokerage services, retirement planning services and estate planning
services. In addition, it offers online banking and mobile banking services. The
company's broad product and service portfolio provides it brand image and allows
it to cater to a larger customer base.

Strong Capital Adequacy Ratio

   Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address bank stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. The good capital management has
enabled the company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required
to maintain a minimum risk based capital ratio of 8.00% and Tier 1 capital ratio
of 4.00% and leverage ratio of 3.0-5.0%. The company's Tier 1 risk-based capital
ratio was 15.62%, total risk-based capital ratio was 16.88% and Tier 1 leverage
capital ratio of 9.59% during FY2013, meeting the regulatory requirements.
Prudent capital management of the company strengthened its capital, which in
turn will enable it to withstand periods of banking stress.
Weaknesses:

Decrease in Loan Loss Provisions

Decreasing loan loss provisions impacts the company's ability to absorb loan
defaults. The company reported a decline in loan loss reserves in the FY2013.
The company reported a decrease in loan loss provision from US$10.80 million in
FY2012 to US$3.19 million during FY2013, a decrease of 70.46%. Although a lower
loan loss provision artificially boost profitability, it puts the company at
risk due to inadequate protection against unexpected loan losses. With increase
in loan losses, the company is forced to utilize its retained earnings, which
form a part of the company's regulatory capital, for meeting cash flow
obligations. Such decline in loan loss provisions may affect the company's
financial position.

Substantial Debt

   The company has substantial debts, which may adversely affect its operations.
It reported total debts of US$204.92 million in FY2013, a year-on-year increase
of 7.62%. The company's total debt grew at a CAGR of 6.50% during 2009-2013. The
significant increase in debt limits its ability to obtain additional financing
in future for working capital, and for other strategic initiatives. Substantial
debts may adversely affect the company's operations and may further weaken its
financial position.
Opportunities:

Strategic Initiative

   Strategic initiatives will allow the company to expand its business. For
instance, in 2013, the company established five new branches including, one in
Boca Raton, three in Orlando and one in Ft. Lauderdale in Florida. These
branches will allow the company to better serve its customers. In the same year,
the company introduced digital deposit capture on smart phones and new tablet
and mobile platforms for its customers. Such strategic initiatives will enable
the company to strengthen its position in the market and increase the top-line
growth.

Positive Outlook for Cards and Payment Industry in the US

   Growing cards and payment market will provide growth opportunities for the
company in the US. According to in-house research, the US card payments channel
grew both in volume and value terms during review period (FY2008-2012). In terms
of transaction volume, the channel grew at a review period CAGR of 1.79% from
1.4 billion transactions in 2008 to 1.5 billion in 2012. It is anticipated that
this volume will grow at a CAGR of 2.68% over the forecast period
(FY2013â[#x20ac]"2017), to reach 1.8 billion transactions in 2017. In terms of
value, the channel increased from US$4.1 trillion in 2008 to US$4.9 trillion in
2012, at a review period CAGR of 4.40%. The channel is forecast to grow from US$
5.2 trillion in 2013 to US$6.1 trillion in 2017 at a forecast period CAGR of
4.15%. Growth is expected to be driven by more stable economic conditions, an
increase in disposable income and the popularity of mobile commerce and online
retail. Seacoast Banking, a provider of debit and credit cards, is well placed
to benefit from this.

Booming Mortgage Market in the US

   Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world and has
exhibited substantial growth in the recent past. According to the Mortgage
Bankers Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations
for the year 2013 were 15.0% higher compared with 2012. Furthermore, it is
expected to increase by 7.0% to reach US$300.0 billion by 2014. It is further
expected to reach US$333.0 billion by 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand
for mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.
Threats:

Fluctuations in Interest Rates

   Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increases in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

Changing Regulations

   The company's activities are highly regulated by the various governmental and
regulatory authorities in the countries of its operations. Laws and regulations
applied at the national, state or local level generally grant government
agencies and industry self-regulatory authorities' broad administrative
discretion over the activities of the company. The change in government policies
and regulations may adversely affect the company's growth and expansion
strategies. These legal proceedings will consume time of the company's senior
management. If the company fails to address these proceedings in an appropriate
way, the company's reputation may be harmed and it can be subject to additional
legal risk which in turn, increases the size and number of claims and damages
asserted against the company or subject the company to enforcement actions,
fines and penalties.

Increase in Compliance Costs

   Compliance costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect
the company's operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased
compliance costs and additional regulations. The compliance burden on companies
has probably been increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future
crises. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors
Group, the Institute of International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued
reports reflecting the changes in the regulatory process and risk management
practices. The Federal Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage
origination to guard consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory
environment and exert extra pressure on companies, which are already working on
improving their own governance processes.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 20, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

SOME WEST COUNTY CENTER STORES MAKE RUSH TO THE FINISH

BYLINE: Chern Yeh Kwok Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS ; Pg. C14

LENGTH: 409 words


In ads touting West County Center's reopening, Westfield America Trust says it
was worth the wait. But in some cases, the wait may be a little longer.

When the mall in Des Peres opens today after a 20-month, $237-million facelift,
75 of 175 stores will not open.

Wednesday afternoon, several stores that are to open this weekend were still
building out their shops.

Part of the reason: The mall initially was to open in November, said Peter Lowy,
chief executive of Westfield America Trust, which owns West County Center and
five other area malls.

"We pushed ourselves," he said in an interview Thursday. "The construction was
good, we were on budget, and when we looked at it, we compressed the time period
a bit."

He said about 90 percent of the stores will be open by December, and 95 percent
by the first quarter next year.

Lowy said West County Center's debut will be "a little unique" among Westfield's
other markets. "We have so much penetration in" St. Louis, he said. "How much do
we affect (Westfield's) other centers in the marketplace?"

In other markets where it redeveloped a mall, sales at Westfield's other centers
declined 10 percent to 15 percent before sales levels stabilized, then grew
again, he said.

"It usually affects the competition more than it affects us," he said, adding
that West County Center will compete directly with Plaza Frontenac and St. Louis
Galleria.

Lowy is one of three sons of Frank Lowy, founder of Westfield Holdings, based in
Australia. Westfield America Trust is the Los Angeles-based subsidiary. It grew
in less than a decade from seven malls to more than 60.

In this area, it also owns Chesterfield Mall, Crestwood Plaza, Northwest Plaza,
Mid Rivers Mall and South County Center.

West County Center is Westfield's largest building project so far in the United
States.

Lowy said St. Louis is a "good place to do business," because employment is
stable.

Westfield is not interested in acquiring more malls here, he said. It will
expand and renovate Northwest Plaza in the next two years, he said. The company
is buying a closed JCPenney store as part of the expansion, he said.

Lowy said the company has no plans for its other area malls at this time.

Westfield continues to be on the lookout for acquisitions, with the Midwest as
the top priority, followed by the East Coast, then the West Coast. Among markets
it is considering: Chicago, New York, Washington and Los Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Chern Yeh Kwok:; E-mail: cykwok@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-340-8206

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, MAP GRAPHIC Color Graphic , Map with Chart by the
POST-DISPATCH - WestCounty Center reopens today (Layout of the West County
Center shoppingmall showing entrances and parking areas.)
West County Center is reopening today after a 20-month, $237 millionfacelift.
facelift. Its size has more than doubled to about 1.2million square feet. The
mall, which first opened in 1969, now will bethe third-largest shopping center
center in the St. Louis area.
SCHEDULE OF EVENTSTODAY9:30 A.M. Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, and area
dignitaries cutthe ribbon to open the mall.
10 A.M. Doors open
10 A.M. Fun for Kids: Costume character appearances by Hey Arnold,Dora the
Explorer, Veggie Tales, Raggedy Ann and Andy, Pinkerton,Curious George and
Westie, Westie, Westfield Shoppingtown's Kids Clubmascot.
11 A.M. Sarah Ferguson unveils a children's handprint tile wallleading to the
Family Lounge.
12 P.M. Sarah Ferguson reads a story to area children.
12 TO 4 P.M. Fashions are shown with informal modeling throughout themall.
3 TO 6 P.M. Meet Vern Yip from TLC's design show, "Trading Spaces."

SATURDAY
10 A.M. Fun for Kids: the costumed characters return.
12 TO 4 P.M. Informal modeling continues.
1, 3 AND 5 P.M. BMX bike demonstrations in the south JC Penney parkingarea.

SUNDAY
11 A.M. Fun for Kids: the costumed characters return.
11 A.M. TO 5 P.M. Interactive fun with Toonami Game Truck from CartoonNetworks.

ABOUT THE MALL
HOURS
MONDAY - SATURDAY: 10 a.m. to 9:30 p.m.
SUNDAY: 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
INFORMATION 314-288-2020

NEW STORES TO THE REGION
Nordstrom
Galyan Trading Co.
Aldo Shoes
Apple Computer
Adrienne Vittadini
Carolee
Charlotte Russe
Coldwater Creek
Guess
Inner Self
Jacadi Paris
Lladro
Rampage
Skechers
Torrid

NOTE: More than one-third of the mall's 175 stores may not open today,but are
scheduled to open by the holiday shopping season.

TYPE: PROFILE; WEST COUNTY CENTER'S REOPENING; SIDEBAR STORY

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 12, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Appeals Court Postpones Ruling Barring Leniency for Testimony

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Page 16; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: DENVER, July 11


The United States Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit postponed on Friday a
controversial new ruling barring Federal prosecutors from promising leniency to
cooperative witnesses in criminal cases.

The court unexpectedly stayed the decision last week by a panel of three members
of the court. The ruling on Friday came a day after the Justice Department said
it would ask the full appeals court of 12 members to reverse the ruling of the
panel.

The panel's ruling could affect many convictions, including those in the
Oklahoma City bombing case.

The appeals court said it was acting on its own initiative to indefinitely
postpone the effective date of the ruling until all members of the court could
reconsider the panel's opinion.

The panel ruled unanimously on July 1 that it was illegal for Federal
prosecutors to offer leniency in exchange for testimony because it amounted to
buying testimony. The ruling brought protests from prosecutors and members of
Congress, who said it would have a detrimental effect on law enforcement.
Several members of Congress said they would work to overturn the ruling.

The court, based in Denver, said in a two-page order, "The appeal will be set
for oral argument during the November session of the court."

The ruling applied only to the six states of the 10th Circuit -- Colorado,
Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Utah and Wyoming -- but it could affect court
rulings in other parts of the country.

Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder said it was difficult to say whether the
ruling would affect the appeals of Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols, who
were convicted in the bombing of the Oklahoma City Federal Building in 1995 in
which 168 people were killed.

A major witness in the case, Michael Fortier, testified after reaching a plea
agreement with prosecutors who promised him leniency.

The panel's ruling had an immediate effect in some states because trials were
approaching in which prosecutors said their cases were dependent on testimony
based on agreements that would be illegal under the new decision.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Regulatory update: Public Utility Commission of Texas; AEP TEXAS CENTRAL
COMPANY, has submitted ( 46050-16 ) LIST OF ISSUES

LENGTH: 567  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: Public Utility Commission of Texas has issued the following document:



 Control Number: 46050

 Item Number: 16

 Addendum StartPage : 0

 SOAH DOCKET NO. 473-16-4822

 PUC DOCKET NO. 46050

 APPLICATION OF AEP TEXAS 2016 JUL -6 PM 12: 25

 § BEFORE THE STAT

 Lq7

 CENTRAL COMPANY, AEP TEXAS § ^^9ffJ PUBLIC

 UT,,

 ^,^

 NORTH COMPANY, AND AEP § &ING CLERK

 UTILITIES, INC. FOR APPROVAL OF § ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS MERGER §

 APPLICANTS' LIST OF ISSUES

 Applicants AEP Texas Central Company (TCC), AEP Texas North Company (TNC), and

 AEP Utilities, Inc. (AEP Utilities)(collectively, Applicants) file this List of
Issues in accordance

 with the Order of Referral issued on June 23, 2016.



 I. ISSUES TO BE ADDRESSED IN THIS PROCEEDING

 1. Pursuant to PURA § 39.915(b),' is the proposed merger in the public
interest, considering

 the following factors:

 a. Whether the proposed merger will adversely affect the reliability of
service,

 b. Whether the proposed merger will adversely affect the availability of
service, and

 c. Whether the proposed merger will adversely affect the cost of service.

 2. Pursuant to PURA § 14.101(b), is the proposed merger consistent with the
public interest,

 considering the following factors:

 a. The reasonable value of the property, facilities, or securities to be
acquired,

 disposed of, merged, transferred, or consolidated,

 b. Whether the proposed merger will adversely affect the health or safety of

 customers or employees,

 c. Whether the proposed merger will result in the transfer of jobs of citizens
of this

 state to workers domiciled outside this state,

 d. Whether the proposed merger will result in the decline of service, and

 e. Whether the public utility will receive consideration equal to the
reasonable value

 of the assets when it sells, leases, or transfers assets.

 3. Does PURA § 37.154 apply to this proceeding?

 4. If PURA § 37.154 applies to this proceeding, whether, pursuant to that
provision, the

 surviving utility post-merger can provide adequate service.

 1 The identical statutory provision is found in PURA § 39.262(m).

 I (Lo

 II. ISSUES NOT TO BE ADDRESSED IN THIS PROCEEDING

 Applicants have not identified any issues specifically to be excluded from this


 proceeding.

 III. THRESHOLD LEGAL/POLICY ISSUES

 Applicants have not identified any legal/policy issues to be briefed for
purposes of a

 preliminary order.

 IV. CONCLUSION

 Applicants request that the Commission adopt a preliminary order consistent
with the

 issues listed above, and grant Applicants any other relief to which they may
show themselves

 justly entitled.

 Respectfully submitted,

 American Electric Power Service Corporation

 400 W. 15t" Street, Suite 1520

 Austin, Texas 78701

 Rhonda Colbert Ryan

 State Bar No. 1747800

 John F. Williams

 State Bar No. 21554100

 William Coe

 State Bar No. 00790477

 Duggins Wren Mann & Romero, LLP

 600 Congress Avenue, Suite 1900

 Austin, Texas 78701

 512-744-9300

 512-744-9399 (fax)

 "',

 By:

 Johkk Williams

 ATTORNEYS FOR AEP TEXAS CENTRAL

 COMPANY, AEP TEXAS NORTH COMPANY,

 AND AEP UTILITIES, INC.

 2

 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE

 I hereby certify, by my signature below, that on July 6, 2016, a true and
correct copy of

 Applicants' List of Issues was served on all parties of record via hand
delivery, facsimile

 transmission, or United States First-Class Mail.

 Jov. Williams

 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             March 26, 2001, Monday

Genetic make-up affects therapy

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 199 words


PEOPLE from different races have genetic variations that affect the way they
respond to medicines, scientists disclosed today.

Scientists discovered a particular genetic variant that determines how well a
person responds to cancer drugs, as well as other kinds of treatment. It is
thought to explain why people of African descent can be less responsive to
chemotherapy than Caucasians and Asians.

The gene affects production of a protein called P-glycoprotein, or PGP, which
acts as a molecular pump that rids cells of drugs.

In some individuals PGP pumps chemotherapy drugs out of tumours too effectively,
allowing the tumour cells to survive and creating drug resistance. In others,
the PGP pump is less efficient and allows drugs to enter and kill the tumour.

The gene also affects, among other things, the success of HIV treatments and
drugs used to control high blood pressure and prevent the failure of kidney
transplants.

The international team of researchers led by Professor Howard McLeod, from
Washington University School of Medicine in St Louis, Missouri, carried out DNA
tests on blood samples from 1,280 people with ten different ethnic backgrounds.


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Times Newspapers Limited


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           September 21, 2007 Friday

Ysleta students learn about backpacks, health

BYLINE: By Adriana M. Chávez / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 315 words


About 300 students in the Ysleta Independent School District learned today that
too much homework can not only affect them mentally, it can affect them
physically as well.

Fourth-graders at Ascarate, Ysleta and Loma Terrace elementary schools
participated in a backpack awareness day weigh-in sponsored by the district and
the Occupational Therapy Program at the University of Texas at El Paso.
Stephanie Capshaw, an assistant clinical professor with the UTEP program, said
that the American Occupational Therapy Association recommends that backpacks
should weigh no more than 15 percent of a child's weight.

"Kids are carrying more and more things in their backpacks because many schools
are getting rid of lockers," Capshaw said, adding that the amount of homework a
teacher assigns may also affect the weight in a backpack.

"Students are loading their backpacks with too much stuff, and (the backpacks)
are pulling their bodies, which are still developing, in different ways and
affecting their spines' development," Capshaw said.

Capshaw added that the way a child carries his or her backpack can also affect
posture, and that children carrying overloaded backpacks improperly are likely
to experience, neck, shoulder and back pain, and compromised breathing and
fatigue.

"I feel my back hurt and my neck and shoulders," said 10-year-old Esmeralda
Delgado, a fourth-grader at Loma Terrace Elementary whose backpack weighed 11
pounds. "Sometimes my teacher gives us a lot of homework because she teaches us
a lot of stuff for the TAKS."

Elijah Chagoyan, 9, also a fourth-grader at Loma Terrace, said he has a simple
solution for his overloaded backpack.

"I try to finish all my work in class," Elijah said.

Students were also advised by UTEP occupational therapy students on how to wear
their backpacks and book bags correctly.

Adriana M. Chávez may be reached at achavez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6117.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Inspiring Young Minds at the National School of Tropical Medicine

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: Washington


Sabin Vaccine Institute has issued the following news release:


Bio News Texas highlights Dr. Peter Hotez and the work of Baylor's National
School of Tropical Medicine in supporting students from Boston University.


"The National School of Tropical Medicine was founded by Dr. Peter Hotez in 2011
as part of Baylor College of Medicine (BCM) in Houston, TX.  The goals of the
school are to promote and provide education, healthcare, research and public
policy for diseases that affect over one billion people worldwide. These
diseases are collectively referred to as neglected tropical diseases, or NTDs.

Why neglected?  Most people are not aware of these diseases because they
typically affect only the poorest people among us.  According to Dr. Hotez, not
only do NTDs disproportionately affect the poor, they are also a cause of
poverty.  This is because most of these conditions are chronic, or cause lasting
debilitating effects that prevent people from being able to learn, work, and
make a better life.

The group of dedicated scientists and physicians at the National School of
Tropical Medicine (NSTM) are committed to ensuring that these diseases do not
remain neglected.  One of the ways they are doing this is through education.
Each summer a select group of pre-health students from Baylor University in
Waco, Texas, are invited to BCM in Houston for a two week Tropical Medicine
Summer Institute.  The students who are chosen are immersed in tropical
medicine, medical research, public health, NTDs, and even get hands-on lab
experience."

For further information please visit: http://www.sabin.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Meridian Star (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

'Lunch and Learn' to address affects of sleep deprivation, night shift work on
breast cancer

BYLINE: Ida Brown, The Meridian Star, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Oct. 06--Could insufficient sleep or night shift work increase your risk of
breast cancer?

Dr. Kary Whitehead, medical director of Anderson Regional Sleep Disorders
Center, will discuss these and other risk factors associated with breast cancer
at Thursday's Breast Cancer Awareness Lunch and Learn.

According to Whitehead, in recent years there has been a risk of death
associated with untreated with sleep apnea. His presentation will focus on its
relation to breast cancer, as well as other risk factors associated with breast
cancer in regard to sleep.

"For instance, studies have shown women who do night shift work are at a greater
risk for breast cancer," he said. "And a lot of people undergoing treatment for
cancer often have poor sleep, which is related to side affects from chemotherapy
and stress."

Whitehead said he will discuss these factors in detail, as well as provide
possible solutions for dealing with them.

"We'll address how to improve sleep quality, and how improving sleep quality may
improve your overall health outlook," he said.

Ann Weddington, communications manager for Anderson Regional Medical Center,
said the objective of the Lunch and Learn luncheon is to raise awareness about
breast cancer, as well as to empower women to make good choices in their daily
lives.

"Choices about their overall health -- their diet, the number of hours of sleep
they get, whether they smoke and if they exercise. It's about making those wise
decisions that can hopefully help with overall health and reduce cancer risks,"
Weddington said.

A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation.

Lunch and Learn is a series of presentations by Anderson Regional Medical Center
which inform the public on current health issues and concerns. Topics have
included heart disease, prostate cancer, diabetes and genetic testing.

"It's designed to be a quick, informative session all packed in within a lunch
hour," Weddington said.

Want to go?

What: Breast Cancer Awareness Lunch and Learn

When: Thursday, from noon-1 p.m.

Where: Anderson Auditorium

Registration: Free. Call 601-553-6894 for reservations; space is limited

___ (c)2015 The Meridian Star (Meridian, Miss.) Visit The Meridian Star
(Meridian, Miss.) at meridianstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151006-ZG-Lunch-and-Learn-to-address-affects
-of-sleep-deprivation-night-shift-work-on-breast-cancer-1006-20151006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZG


                        Copyright 2015 The Meridian Star


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                  May 26, 2006

Colorado IRS ruling won't affect Colorado Housing and Finance Authority down
payment program

BYLINE: Colorado Springs Business Journal Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 314  words


Ruling won't affect CHFA assistance programThe Colorado Housing and Finance
Authority says that an upcoming Internal Revenue Service ruling that will affect
certain down payment programs will have no bearing on the CHFA down payment
program.The IRS is issuing a ruling that describes under what circumstances an
organization that provides down payment assistance qualifies as a tax exempt
charity. Federal regulations limit the sources of down payment assistance for
FHA loans, and tax-exempt charities are one qualified provider.The ruling will
likely affect the ability of down payment programs such as Nehemiah to provide
down payment assistance, CHFA says.CHFA says its down payment assistance program
will not be affected because it is not in the form of a gift, but is an
interest-free second mortgage loan. CHFA also is allowed to provide down payment
assistance under federal regulations because it is a political subdivision of
the state, and therefore qualifies as a public entity.

Leadership Pikes Peak accepting applicationsLeadership Pikes Peak is accepting
applications for the 2006-07 Signature Program, a 10-month in-depth look at the
Colorado Springs community, its leaders and decision-making
processes.Participants have the opportunity to network with other residents of
diverse backgrounds and professions, while gaining knowledge about challenges
and opportunities facing the Pikes Peak region.The class encompasses 14 full-day
sessions from September through June. Each day includes discussions with
community leaders, behind-the-scenes tours of community facilities, active and
experimental learning components, and cultivation of leadership.Application
packets can be obtained by calling 632-2618 or at www.LeadershipPikesPeak.org.
The deadline to apply is June 30.For more information, visit the Web site or
e-mail Susan Saksa at susan@leadershippikespeak.org.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 3, 1979 Saturday

ELI cites benefits   of government rules

BYLINE: Dan Westell; GAM

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


By DAN WESTELL
  Business usually complains about government regulation but the chairman
 of Economics Laboratory Inc. of St. Paul, Minn., a manufacturer of food
 industry cleaning supplies, says regulation has benefited his company.

I'm against government regulation when it affects us adversely, but in
 this case, it affects us favorably, Fred Lanners told a group of Toronto
 securities salesmen and analysts.

He cited a list of factors that have kept ELI sales and profits
 growing consistently.

Regulations to raise minimum cleanliness standards in food processing
 and serving industries have increased demand for ELI products.

Mr. Lanners also said trends to more processed food and eating away
 from home help account for the company's 16.6 per cent increase in sales
 and profit in the past fiscal year, of which 75 per cent was attributed
 to volume growth and 25 per cent to price increases.

In the year ended June 30, 1979, ELI made $30-million (U.S.) or $2.22
 a share on sales of $464.4-million, compared with $25.7-million or $1.90
 a share on sales of $398.3-million a year earlier.

The Canadian subsidiary, with estimated sales of $20-million this
 year, is the second largest unit after Italy in international operations.
 The Toronto plant of Economics Laboratory Canada Ltd. is now operating
 above capacity, but a $4-million to $6-million plant being built in
 Toronto should meet the company's expansion needs for 10 years, Mr.
 Lanners said.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             September 4, 1996, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Panhandle utility wins approval to negotiate on electricity pricing

BYLINE: PETER WALLSTEN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 459 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Some Florida industries could pay less for electricity under an experimental
plan approved Tuesday by state regulators.

Gulf Power Co., the state's fourth-biggest electric utility, now has the
go-ahead to negotiate lower rates for its big corporate customers.

Although it does not affect industries outside of Gulf's eight-county  Panhandle
service area, experts say the Florida Public Service Commission's  decision sets
a precedent for Florida's electric utilities. Other big  providers, including
Tampa Electric Co. and Florida Power Corp., have been  exploring similar plans,
spokesmen for the companies said.

"This is an innovative approach to utility pricing in Florida," said Gulf
spokesman Steve Higginbottom. "It has the potential to affect the entire
state."

Specifically, Tuesday's vote could be a preliminary step toward  competition
among electric utilities, called "retail wheeling," in which  customers can
choose a provider and seek the lowest rates.

Commissioners stress the plan they approved unanimously Tuesday is not a  form
of retail wheeling, since it will not cause Gulf to compete with other  Florida
utilities for existing business.

But it does allow Gulf to compete with utilities outside Florida. It also
raises the possibility that an industry seeking to relocate to Florida would
choose the Gulf service area over another part of the state due to lower
electric rates.

"This is about competition from different energy sources," PSC Chairwoman  Susan
Clark said. "The question remains how much competition."

Company officials said the change would not affect residential rates, which
must be approved by the PSC.

But Public Counsel Jack Shreve said he fears that if industry's costs go  down,
it may be inevitable that residential rates would go up.

The move toward flexible rates for industry is already occurring around the
nation. In California, for example, the State Assembly has approved
competition. Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi already have flexible pricing
like that approved by the PSC.

Gulf officials say they need the flexibility to keep industries from  leaving
Florida.

"We compete with (other) states in attracting jobs and customers," Gulf
president Travis Bowden said. "We need to be on a level playing field to do
so."

Typically, the PSC must approve all rates. Now, Gulf will be able negotiate
cheaper rates without input from the commission. The PSC does have the right  to
review the rate agreements, though.

Commissioners stressed that the new plan is an experiment. Gulf has four  years
to negotiate a maximum of 12 contracts. The price agreements also cannot  affect
more than about 10 percent of the company's total output.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

S&P Downgrades Redlands, Calif., Water, Sewer Bonds

                          November 13, 2002, Wednesday

By Rochelle Williams

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO



Standard & Poor's yesterday downgraded to A-minus from A and placed on
CreditWatch negative the wastewater and water revenue bonds issued by the
Redlands Financing Authority for the southern California city of Redlands. At
the same time, the rating agency lowered the outlook for the city's general
obligation debt to negative from stable.

The downgrade on the wastewater revenue bonds affects $17.7 million in
outstanding debt, while the downgrade on the water revenue bonds affects $23
million in outstanding debt.

Redlands' revised outlook affects $6.4 million in GO debt, but the credit agency
affirmed the city's A rating.

Leo Carrillo, associate director at Standard & Poor's, said rate increases are
long overdue for both the wastewater and water service, which became a critical
factor in the downgrade.

"The district's delay in raising rates has meant a decline in its otherwise
sound liquidity and debt service coverage in fiscal 2002," Carrillo wrote in a
report. "The timeliness and adequacy of rate increases are essential to
stabilizing the long-term rating on this debt."

Liquidity is an important component in both the water and sewer systems with
rates being average or below average, according to Carrillo.

"That provides additional flexibility, and that is why we kept them in the A
category," he said.

The wastewater and water systems serve 72,000 residents of the city near San
Bernardino, about 63 miles east of Los Angeles. It is the home of liberal arts
college the University of Redlands, which sits on 140 acres near the foothills
of neighboring mountains.

As for Redlands' GO debt, Carrillo said a fund balance deficit of more than $5
million looms at the end of fiscal 2004 if Redlands officials delay budgetary
action.

"Personnel and capital cost growth has outstripped revenue growth and could
reduce the city's reserves in fiscal 2003 to only 1% of expenditures at a time
when adequate financial services are needed," Carrillo wrote in another report.

A budget crisis is likely in fiscal 2004, due in part to hefty salary increases
for safety employees, Carrillo wrote.

Mike Reynolds, Redlands' treasurer, could not be reached for comment.

Copyright c 2002 Thomson Media. All Rights Reserved. http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: THE REGIONS ; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 380 words

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: Changes in Rainfall, Temperature Expected to Transform Coastal
Wetlands This Century

LENGTH: 612  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Geological Survey has issued the following news release:



 Sea-level rise isn't the only aspect of climate change expected to affect
coastal wetlands: changes in rainfall and temperature are predicted to transform
wetlands in the Gulf of Mexico and around the world within the century. These
changes will take place regardless of sea-level rise, a new study from the US
Geological Survey and the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley concludes.Such
changes are expected to affect the plant communities found in coastal wetlands.
For example, some salt marshes are predicted to become mangrove forests, while
others could become salty mud flats. These shifts in vegetation could affect the
ecological and economic services wetlands provide to the communities that rely
on them.





 "Coastal wetlands are an invaluable resource," said Christopher Gabler, a
former USGS scientist, currently an assistant professor at the Texas university,
and lead author of the study, published January 23 in Nature Climate Change.
"They protect surrounding communities from storms and coastal erosion, support
fisheries and wildlife, purify water pollution, and help prevent dead zones from
forming in the Gulf."



 It's unknown exactly how these services would be affected as wetlands transform
in response to climate change, which has many different facets. Though studies
on climate change impacts in wetlands have typically addressed sea-level rise,
this research looked at aspects of climate change that have received little
attention.



 "Most studies have focused on the impact of sea-level rise on coastal wetlands
and have excluded the important role of temperature and precipitation," said
Michael Osland, a USGS research ecologist and study co-author. "We know that
climate influences how these wetlands look and work, so this study aimed to
demonstrate the importance of considering these forces when modeling what
coastal wetlands may look like in the future."



 The intensive study relied on field studies at 10 estuaries in five states
(Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida) along the northern Gulf of
Mexico. The fieldwork took place in a variety of coastal wetland types,
including mangroves, marshes, and salt flats.



 The model included the current climatic conditions, which were based on climate
observations from the northern Gulf of Mexico for the years 1981 to 2010. The
researchers then evaluated how coastal wetlands might be affected by several
potential future climates, including temperature increases of 3.6 to 7.2 degrees
Fahrenheit (2 to 4 degrees Celsius) by 2100 and a 10% increase or 10% decrease
in rainfall from current levels.



 "The Gulf of Mexico is one of the best natural laboratories in the world for
studying the influence of temperature and precipitation on coastal wetlands,"
Osland said. "Coastal wetlands function similarly worldwide, so our results in
this region also indicate what the potential future changes could be in other
areas with coastal wetlands."



 The predicted changes are likely to change how these wetlands operate, Gabler
added. But it's not all bad news.



 "There are going to be winners and losers," he said. "Some things are going to
be better; some are going to be worse. The systems will do things differently,
and 'different' is a challenge."



 The research paper is available online at
http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nclimate3203



 The project was supported by the USGS's Ecosystems Mission Area and its Climate
& Land Use Change Program and the South Central Climate Science Center.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           October 11, 2014, Saturday

WVU FOOTBALL;
BLOWIN;
IN THE WIND?;
Holgorsen says weather a non-factor at Texas Tech

BYLINE: Dave Hickman Staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 735 words


Holgorsen says weather a non-factor at Texas Tech

LUBBOCK, Texas - If Dana Holgorsen had his druthers, the word "wind" never would
have passed through anyone's lips this week in preparation for West Virginia's
return to West Texas for the first time in two years.

He didn't get his wish, of course, but he still did everything in his power to
ignore and minimize it.

"You have to deal with it," Holgorsen said when pressed. "There have only been a
couple of situations in my 20 years where wind affected a game. The wind in that
stadium on that day did not affect the game. It did not affect the game."

Maybe not, but it sure was a topic of conversation and consternation.

Here's the background. Two years ago, West Virginia was 5-0 and ranked fifth in
the country when the Mountaineers went to Jones AT&T Stadium to face Texas Tech.
A few grueling hours later they were 5-1 and off on a precipitous two-year slide
following a 49-14 pasting at the hands of the Red Raiders.

Afterward, quarterback Geno Smith complained about the swirling, gusting winds.
His Heisman hopes had gone poof that day when he completed barely half his 56
passes and WVU trailed 35-7 at halftime.

Perhaps the wind had nothing to do with it, as Holgorsen insists. But in Smith's
mind it most assuredly did.

"Did it get in Geno's head a little bit? Probably a little bit more once he
looked out there and he didn't have Stedman [Bailey] because he went out in the
first quarter," Holgorsen said. "He looked over here to J.D. [Woods] and they
were bracketing J.D. because he was the only [outside receiving] threat we had."

The topic is not one Holgorsen wants to revisit for obvious reasons. If the wind
in Lubbock that day got into Smith's head, he certainly doesn't want a repeat
today when the Mountaineers (3-2, 1-1 Big 12) revisit Texas Tech (2-3, 0-2).
Smith is no longer around, of course, but the point is he doesn't want it in
anyone else's head, either. Thus the effort to minimize it.

"There have only been a couple of games throughout the course of my career where
you had to be careful of what you called based on wind. That was not one of
them," Holgorsen said. "There were a lot of other issues going on in that game
other than that.

"It dang sure didn't affect them because they threw for about 500 yards and had
49 points. Last year at Kansas, that wind affected how you called it. Two years
ago at Texas Tech, it did not."

The good news weather-wise this time is that today's forecast is a rather tame
one. Not only are the winds expected to be relatively calm (at least for West
Texas), temperatures that reached into the 80s earlier this week and are
expected to do so again early next week will be in the low 60s at kickoff.

Also, this year's Mountaineer quarterback, fifth-year senior Clint Trickett, has
a bit more experience playing in the flatlands than did Smith.

"I wasn't here the last time we went, but I heard about it," said Trickett,
unlike Holgorsen at least acknowledging that the issue could exist. "It can
affect it on certain throws. There are so many variables that can go into it,
from not only the distance of the throw or the angle, but from what the defense
is doing. There are so many variables that go into it that you just have to go
out there and play. You can't really think about it."

That, of course, is exactly what Holgorsen wants - no one thinking about it,
particularly his quarterback.

"Clint is a fifth-year guy. If it's gusty - it was gusty [in Morgantown when WVU
played Kansas] Saturday night - Clint's a fifth-year guy who's played in it
before," Holgorsen said. "He's made trips to TCU and Baylor and Kansas and stuff
like that. He's experienced it, which does a lot of good.

"I don't think you can talk about it. I just think you have to experience it and
I think Clint is at the point now where he has experienced that atmosphere.
After that game, Geno was very comfortable at Oklahoma State with the same wind.
He was very comfortable at Iowa State with the same wind. So he learned from it
and became better."

"I don't think it will affect us one bit. If it affects us and it changes what
we call, it's going to affect Texas Tech and affect what they call. It's the
only way you can look at it."

WVU quarterback Clint Trickett might have to deal with windy conditions today at
Texas Tech.

AP photo

Reach Dave Hickman at 304-348-1734 or dphickman1@aol.com or follow him at
Twitter.com/dphickman1.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 10, 2012 Friday

Redistricting would affect Cornwall Terrace least

BYLINE: Erin Negley, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Feb. 10--In the Wilson School District's redistricting plan, Cornwall Terrace is
like the already solid-colored side of an unsolved Rubik's cube.

Surrounding schools need changes to solve the district's problem of unequal
class sizes -- but not Cornwall Terrace, said Dr. Steven Gerhard on Thursday at
the school.

"Cornwall Terrace is a densely populated area," the assistant superintendent
told people at meeting on the redistricting plan. "It's a walking community.

"It didn't make sense to move sections of Cornwall Terrace out to other
buildings when enrollment and class sizes at Cornwall Terrace were on par with
what we were looking at."

The proposed redistricting plan would affect about 190 elementary students,
mainly at Whitfield and Spring Ridge.

At the same time, school administrators also are recommending that the school
close the aging Lincoln Park and West Wyomissing elementary schools and build 12
classrooms, four each at Green Valley, Shiloh Hills and Spring Ridge.

That plan would cost $4 million.

The board is supposed to decide those schools' futures next month, but the
redistricting is needed to equalize class sizes regardless of whether the two
schools close.

Only 13 people attended Thursday's meeting, which was the third this week on a
plan that won't move any Cornwall Terrace students.

But six homes on Hillpoint Circle will move from Whitfield to Cornwall Terrace.

West Wyomissing resident Tom Snively was there to tell officials that he was
upset that his two daughters might be moved from West Wyomissing Elementary to
Shiloh Hills.

"There's four schools within a mile of the house," he said after the meeting.

But Shiloh Hills is farthest and it's also not near where the single father
works.

Snively was also upset that most of the West Wyomissing students would go to
Spring Ridge and only a few students would go to Shiloh Hills.

Parents in the Lincoln Park and West Wyomissing neighborhoods have also wondered
what would happen to the school sites if the buildings closed.

At the meeting, school board member Steve Chmielewski said Wilson was lucky to
have schools evenly spaced throughout a district that still has a lot of room
for growth in its northern end.

"If we do eventually need to build another elementary school, I think we would
be looking at the Lincoln Park site," he said.

The redistricting meetings continue next week: Monday at Green Valley, Tuesday
at Shiloh Hills and Wednesday at West Wyomissing.

Contact Erin Negley: 610-371-5047 or enegley@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120210-RE-Redistricting-would-affect
-Cornwall-Terrace-least-0210-20120210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           October 4, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Law puts use limits on social agencies

BYLINE: By Brian Meyer - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 386 words


The Common Council unanimously passed a law Tuesday that supporters claim will
protect neighborhoods from being oversaturated with social services agencies
such as shelters and soup kitchens.

If signed by Mayor Byron W. Brown, the city would reinstitute a law that expired
two years ago requiring agencies to obtain restricted-use permits. The goal,
advocates insist, is to make sure agencies are spread throughout the city.

Leaders from several neighborhood groups have lobbied the Council to bring back
a law they said worked well for nine years. But a fair housing advocate claimed
Tuesday's action would impose additional burdens on agencies that help the
city's most vulnerable residents. Scott Gehl, executive director of Housing
Opportunities Made Equal, filed written testimony urging lawmakers to delay
action until a more equitable plan can be devised.

"Who does this measure affect? It affects soup kitchens but not restaurants. It
affects food pantries but not supermarkets. It affects mental health agencies
but not the offices of private psychiatrists and psychologists," Gehl wrote.

Council Majority Leader Dominic J. Bonifacio Jr. of Niagara challenged Gehl's
claims, noting that the types of businesses he referred to already must comply
with numerous city regulations. Bonifacio disagreed that forcing agencies to go
before the Zoning Board will have a disproportionate impact on the poor,
minorities and people with disabilities.

Bonifacio said since the old law expired in 2004, city oversight over such
projects has been severely restricted. He added that very few facilities have
opened since that time.

In other business, the Council voted 8-1 to approve the mayor's request to spend
an extra $32,069 in federal funds to improve City Hall security. In a plan that
has been in the works for a few years, crews recently began installing
surveillance cameras outside the mayor's office. Similar devices will be
installed on several additional floors, although lawmakers said they don't want
cameras in the 13th floor hall outside Council Chambers. Instead, they want
"panic buttons" that could be pushed if security problems arise.

Michael J. LoCurto of Delaware was the only opponent of a plan to increase the
budget for a security system that will likely cost about $380,000.

e-mail: bmeyer@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 18, 2005 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Fraser to cut 100 jobs at N.B. mill;
Officials say Edmundston move won't affect workers in Maine

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 476 words


EDMUNDSTON, New Brunswick - It was estimated Monday that 100 Edmundston area
residents will lose their jobs at Fraser Papers Inc. after its purchasers remove
paperboard-making assets from the mill.

The sale and ensuing cuts are expected to affect 21 percent of the 475 people
who work at the Fraser operation, but will not affect workers in the nearby
Maine operation, according to company officials.

Fraser has sold its paperboard-making operation at Edmundston to Cascades Inc.,
a leading Canadian maker of cardboard. The equipment, which sold for a reported
$4.7 million, will be removed from the Edmundston plant within a month.

Fraser still will produce pulp that is used in a company-owned papermaking plant
at Madawaska.

"This does not affect anything at Madawaska," Richard Marston, director of human
relations at the Madawaska mill, said Monday.

Paperboard is the material that is used to make cereal boxes, hamburger
containers like those formerly used by McDonald's and poster board used in
schools.

The boxboard, or paperboard, operation at Edmundston is separate from the
pulp-making operation of the mill. Pulp from Edmundston is transported to
Madawaska through several pipelines that cross the international border at
Madawaska.

Ben Vaughn, senior vice president of Fraser Papers Inc. at Toronto, made the
announcement of the sale Friday.

He said the sale and ensuing savings would amount to about $12 million in this,
the fourth quarter of the year.

"The sale of our paperboard operations is consistent with our strategy to
reposition Fraser Papers as a pulp-integrated, technical specialty and
high-value printing and writing papers business," Dominic Gammiero, president
and CEO of Fraser Papers, wrote in a prepared press release.

He said the sale helps shareholders because the small market share the company
held in the paperboard industry affected the company's ability to sustain
profitability.

Fraser manufactured about 50,000 tons of paperboard a year in Edmundston.

Edmundston Mayor Gerald Allain, who was not in the city Friday when the
announcement was made, said he was assured by Fraser officials that the move was
done to ensure future stability of the company.

"As a city council, we cannot remain insensitive when faced with such a
situation," Allain said. "We know that some of our citizens will be affected by
the cuts, and we find that disturbing.

"We fully understand that losing a job is never easy," he said. "We firmly
believe that all the efforts made by many people in our city to create a stable
economy will eventually mitigate the losses."

He said residents must remember that there are still 375 people working and that
the city will double its economic development efforts.

"Edmundston will not be a city of closures, not on my watch," Allain said.

Fraser Papers has operations in Maine, New Hampshire, New Brunswick and Quebec.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                 Strategic Defence Intelligence - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 5, 2015

                      American Science & Engineering, Inc.

                             829 Middlesex Turnpike
                                BILLERICA 01821
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
AS&E is a designer and manufacturer of inspection and detection solutions for
homeland security, force protection and other defense applications.
Technological advantage, strong R&D base, and enhanced financial leverage are
the company's key strengths, whereas revenue concentration, decrease in sales
backlog and decline in financial performance remain major concern areas. Going
forward, government contract compliance, limited suppliers and decrease in
global defense spending may affect its performance. However, new contracts wins,
increasing importance of infrastructure protection and growing demand for
detection systems may offer growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG R&D BASE
The company has strong research and development (R&D) base, which helps in
developing new products. Its R&D department focuses on researching new
technologies, new product development, the development of new applications, and
design modifications and enhancements to existing products. During FY2014, the
company spent around US$22.1 million on R&D. In addition, the company conducts
government-sponsored research, mainly focuses on advances in X-ray systems,
image analysis and integrated system development for security inspection
problems. Also, AS&E involves in various contract research and development
(CRAD) programs, primarily for agencies of the US government. These efforts
recognized revenue of over US$0.7 million to the company in FY2014. Its strong
R&D efforts enabled the company to have 48 active patents issued by the US
Patent and Trademark Office. The company also has patents granted, and has many
pending applications in over 50 countries outside the US. Strong R&D base helps
the company in developing products that meet growing customers' needs.
TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANTAGE
The specialized X-ray technologies used by the company provide it an advantage
over its peers. It uses a combination of both traditional and proprietary
technologies, which include conventional transmission X-ray technology, and its
own technologies, Z Backscatter technology, Radioactive Threat Detection (RTD)
and Shaped Energy technology. Its Z Backscatter technology provides photo-like
images giving high clarity, which enables better inspection and detects threats
such as explosives, drugs and plastic weapons. The backscatter and transmission
image combination provides information about contents of the baggage or
container by differentiating higher-Z materials such as metals, from low-Z
materials such as explosives. Its RTD technology is used to detect radioactive
materials in vehicles. Furthermore, the Shaped Energy technology uses a specific
form of high energy transmission X-ray, along with material discrimination
characteristic of Z Backscatter technology, which helps in X-ray penetration
through the densely loaded cargo containers. Therefore, combination of
traditional and advanced proprietary technologies helps the company to offer
better value to the customers.
ENHANCED FINANCIAL LEVERAGE
Enhanced financial leverage or solvency position of the company strengthens its
ability to borrow and repay money, which in turn support its business
operations. The company recorded debt to equity ratio of 0.015 at the end of
FY2014, significantly lower than its competitors, Westminster and QinetiQ, which
recorded debt to equity ratio of 0.329 and 0.42, respectively, for the same
period. Furthermore, the debt levels of the company decreased by 34% on an
annual basis to US$2.9 million at March 31, 2014. Enhanced solvency position
indicates utilization of lower financial leverage and its comparatively stronger
equity position, noting the higher creditworthiness of the company.

WEAKNESSES:
REVENUE CONCENTRATION
Although the company has presence in the Middle East and Africa, Asia-Pacific,
Europe and other regions, it generates a significant portion of revenue from the
US market. In addition, in FY2013, the US market reported revenue of US$94.43
million, accounting for 49.8% of the company's total revenue. High dependence on
a specific operating region makes AS&E vulnerable to risks associated with that
region. High dependence on a specific operating region makes FLIR vulnerable to
risks associated with that region.
DECREASE IN SALES BACKLOG
Decrease in sales backlog may affect its future revenue source. Its sales
backlog decreased by 5.4% from US$186.2 million at the end of FY2013 to US$176.1
million at the end of FY2014. This was primarily due to 48.9% decline in total
contracts from the US government agencies and subcontractors in FY2014 over
previous year. Reduction in sales backlogs may affect its position in the
market.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASING IMPORTANCE OF INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION
Due to increasing terrorist attacks on critical infrastructure base worldwide,
the demand for strengthening protection and resilience, and bridging potential
gap in infrastructure protection has increased manifold. For instance, the US
Department of Homeland Security (DHS) conducts vulnerability assessments and
security surveys on the country's critical infrastructure, federal building and
high risks chemical facilities every year, and suggests strengthening their
security options. Additionally, the UK, after the London bombing in 2005,
increased its focus on increasing the protection of railways, commercial
buildings and other critical facilities. Furthermore, countries such as India,
China, Philippines, Japan and Australia, among others have also strengthened the
security systems to protect infrastructure. Being a provider of security
solutions for homeland security, AS&E may be benefited from this positive trend.

NEW CONTRACT WINS
The company's recent contracts may drive its revenue. In May 2014, AS&E received
an order for two ZBV mobile screening systems from the Kingdom of Lesotho which
will help in improve the border security and facilitates trade for new customers
in Africa. In April 2014, the company received largest single international ZBV
order for 33 ZBV mobile screening systems for use in security applications. In
March 2014, AS&E received order for Z Portal System from Taiwan Aviation Police
for comprehensive Air Cargo Inspection which helps to detect organic threats and
other contraband in pallets. Such contracts may provide the company with
sustainable source of revenue.
GROWING DEMAND FOR DETECTION SYSTEMS
The company stands to benefit from the growing demand for chemical and bio
detection systems in coming years. The demand for these systems is expected to
have significant potential outside the traditional military market. The demand
for these systems is driven by new product innovations and extended
applications. Also, the market is driven by ever-present threat of terrorism and
increasing expectations for safe, reliable and efficient detection systems. In
addition, the market for chemical sensors is driven by advancement in the
medical or diagnostic test market and increasing usage of chemical sensors in
large-scale industrial and environmental applications. AS&E being a provider of
X-ray source, detectors, and image formation and processing software. Therefore,
the company may capture the growing market by developing high standard
technologies.

THREATS:
LIMITED SUPPLIERS
The company faces risk of supply disruptions due to the supplier mix. AS&E
sources materials from domestic and international suppliers. It uses certain
materials and sub-systems for use in its proprietary technologies as per the
specifications. It has few key international suppliers for its technological
products and unique sub-systems. Although the company has the ability to
redesign its products to avoid usage of any sole source supplier, it may be
expensive and time consuming to make such a change. The disruption in supply of
important raw material may result in delays in the final product delivery to its
customers, which may result in contract terminations, and affects its top line
performance.
REDUCTION IN GLOBAL DEFENSE SPENDING
Reduction in global defense spending may affect the company's performance.
According to the Stockholm International Peace Reduction in global defense
spending may affect the company's performance. According to the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), during 2013, the total global
military spending fell by 1.9% in real terms to reach US$1,747 billion. This was
the second consecutive decline as global military spending decreased by 0.4% in
2012. The reduction was primarily driven by major spending cuts in the US,
Western and Central Europe, and Oceania. The military spending of the US
decreased by 7.8% to US$640 billion in 2013 as compared to last year. In Western
and Central Europe, military spending declined by 2.4%, whereas in Oceania, it
reduced by 3.2% during the same period. AS&E supplies X-ray inspection and other
detection products for homeland security, force protection and other critical
defense segments worldwide. Therefore, reduction in global defense spending may
affect the company's business operations.
GOVERNMENT CONTRACT COMPLIANCE
The government contracts are subject to several intricate procurement laws and
regulations apart from the routine audits of contract pricing. The results of
such investigations may lead to administrative, civil or criminal proceedings,
and the ultimate outcome of which may result in fines, penalties, repayments or
compensatory or treble damages. The government's regulations dictate that
certain findings against a contractor may lead to a refund, payment of
significant damages or contract cancellation or debarment from doing business
with the government. The suspension or debarment of business may affect the
company's financial performance since it relies heavily on government contracts.
Moreover, the government contracts are subject to postponement, cancellation or
termination, due to any change in the government/defense priorities. Such
contract terminations or cancellations by the government may impact the
company's operations.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *









LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          February 16, 2005 Wednesday

OK bill advances to help victims of rare disease gain insurance coverage

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


The state House of Representatives Health and Human Services Committee has
approved a bill to legally define a rare medical disorder to lay the groundwork
for private insurers to begin offering coverage for those afflicted with the
disease.

House Bill 1419, by state Rep. Ryan Kiesel, provides a new statutory definition
of Phenylketonuria, a rare genetic disorder caused by a defect in protein
metabolism.

"This affects a very small amount of Oklahomans - probably a total of 130 - but
those it affects, it affects severely," said Kiesel, D-Seminole. "It's something
that we have tested for in newborn screening for years now."

Individuals with Phenylketonuria must eat a special low-protein diet to prevent
side effects, including severe brain damage, behavioral disorders and altered
perception and memory.

However, the cost of those dietary supplements is significant. For example, one
pound of low-protein spaghetti costs $6.41 and formula can cost $1,000 to
$15,000 per year.

House Bill 1419 defines Phenylketonuria for the state Board of Health and
Oklahoma Health Care Authority so they can promulgate rules related to treatment
of the disease.

Kiesel hopes his bill will eventually lead private insurers to provide the same
coverage for Phenylketonuria as is provided for other rare maladies.

"It's an attempt to better define this disease so that at some point the private
sector will recognize and cover the dietary supplements used to treat this
disorder," Kiesel said. "In most insurance plans, those supplements are not
covered today."

The bill will next go before the entire Oklahoma House of Representatives.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          February 16, 2005 Wednesday

OK bill advances to help victims of rare disease gain insurance coverage

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


The state House of Representatives Health and Human Services Committee has
approved a bill to legally define a rare medical disorder to lay the groundwork
for private insurers to begin offering coverage for those afflicted with the
disease.

House Bill 1419, by state Rep. Ryan Kiesel, provides a new statutory definition
of Phenylketonuria, a rare genetic disorder caused by a defect in protein
metabolism.

"This affects a very small amount of Oklahomans - probably a total of 130 - but
those it affects, it affects severely," said Kiesel, D-Seminole. "It's something
that we have tested for in newborn screening for years now."

Individuals with Phenylketonuria must eat a special low-protein diet to prevent
side effects, including severe brain damage, behavioral disorders and altered
perception and memory.

However, the cost of those dietary supplements is significant. For example, one
pound of low-protein spaghetti costs $6.41 and formula can cost $1,000 to
$15,000 per year.

House Bill 1419 defines Phenylketonuria for the state Board of Health and
Oklahoma Health Care Authority so they can promulgate rules related to treatment
of the disease.

Kiesel hopes his bill will eventually lead private insurers to provide the same
coverage for Phenylketonuria as is provided for other rare maladies.

"It's an attempt to better define this disease so that at some point the private
sector will recognize and cover the dietary supplements used to treat this
disorder," Kiesel said. "In most insurance plans, those supplements are not
covered today."

The bill will next go before the entire Oklahoma House of Representatives.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Water Outage will affect Gardner Street and Jose Street

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Shelby. North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 City of Shelby will have a water outage that will affect Gardner St (from
Liveoak St to Martin St) and Jose St (from Gardner St to Blanton St).  The
outage is necessary to perform an emergency water valve replacement. Work will
start at approximately 8:00 am and continue until the replacement is complete.
We estimate an outage time of 4 hours for repair.









 If you experience discolored water:



 &middot;         Turn on your faucets and if you encounter discolored water,
run cold water for a few minutes allowing new water to work its way into your
pipes. If the water is not clear, wait a few more minutes and check again. In
some cases, there may be slight discoloration for a few hours. This
discoloration only affects the appearance of the water; it does not affect the
taste or water quality.



 &middot;         Avoid washing laundry until the water runs clear at the tap,
then wash a load of dark clothes first.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Water Outage will affect Gardner Street and Jose Street

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Shelby. North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 City of Shelby will have a water outage that will affect Gardner St (from
Liveoak St to Martin St) and Jose St (from Gardner St to Blanton St).  The
outage is necessary to perform an emergency water valve replacement. Work will
start at approximately 8:00 am and continue until the replacement is complete.
We estimate an outage time of 4 hours for repair.









 If you experience discolored water:



 &middot;         Turn on your faucets and if you encounter discolored water,
run cold water for a few minutes allowing new water to work its way into your
pipes. If the water is not clear, wait a few more minutes and check again. In
some cases, there may be slight discoloration for a few hours. This
discoloration only affects the appearance of the water; it does not affect the
taste or water quality.



 &middot;         Avoid washing laundry until the water runs clear at the tap,
then wash a load of dark clothes first.



 &middot;         If pressure or volume seems low, check your faucet screens for
trapped particles.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Water Outage will affect Gardner Street and Jose Street

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Shelby. North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 City of Shelby will have a water outage that will affect Gardner St (from
Liveoak St to Martin St) and Jose St (from Gardner St to Blanton St).  The
outage is necessary to perform an emergency water valve replacement. Work will
start at approximately 8:00 am and continue until the replacement is complete.
We estimate an outage time of 4 hours for repair.









 If you experience discolored water:



 &middot;         Turn on your faucets and if you encounter discolored water,
run cold water for a few minutes allowing new water to work its way into your
pipes. If the water is not clear, wait a few more minutes and check again. In
some cases, there may be slight discoloration for a few hours. This
discoloration only affects the appearance of the water; it does not affect the
taste or water quality.



 &middot;         Avoid washing laundry until the water runs clear at the tap,
then wash a load of dark clothes first.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Daily Vidette (Normal, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Think about how it affects you

BYLINE: The Daily Vidette, Normal, Ill.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 565 words


Oct. 1--The recent issue of deficit in the stock market can be confusing for
some or maybe just downright unimportant. It can appear as just another issue in
our country that is outside of our control or that has nothing to do with us.
But that is not really the case.

An article in the Pantagraph attributes the financial crisis as the reason some
area construction projects have halted. It goes unsaid how all the construction
on and near campus affects our everyday lives. From the noise to the streets
being blocked off to the shortage of places to live, this "chaos" and temporary
break prolongs this.

Have you noticed the rising prices of groceries and gas within the past week or
two? Reflect on the correlation these prices have to do with the country's
financial issue.

What about rent and utility prices going up? Within the last week as open
leasing approaches, numerous rental companies have significantly raised their
prices.

It seems almost surreal how much this issue can and will affect us.
Bloomington-Normal is not the world's largest town by any means, but there are
about 75,000 people; about 26 percent work at State Farm or some other real
estate company. Their jobs are obviously in jeopardy.

Not only are these jobs at risk, but the overall status of the town is too.
State Farm greatly supports Bloomington-Normal and without them, the town's
existence could also be endangered.

The issue is a hard one to swallow. On the surface, it appears as just another
political campaign matter or something completely out of our control.

We could always spend money to help the economy. But what if we do not have it?
This is a never-ending circular problem. The economy takes a hit, companies
raise their prices so they don't lose money and employees get fired to save more
money. Businesses have to start charging more so they don't lose money. As this
continues to happen, consumers will feel it the most.

Fortunately for student loans, if inflation increases enough, it could be easier
to pay back student loans in a shorter amount of time. That is unless the fine
print says interest can and will increase under certain conditions.

No matter how much you think this may or may not affect you, keep trying to
learn more. Don't forget to ask questions and fully understand the situation.
Before opening a bank account, research information and talk with those who can
help you.

This can turn out to be as devastating as the Great Depression if something is
not done. For something to be done we need to recognize all the ways, big and
small, it actually affects our everyday lives.

Voting is always a way to try and change something you don't like. Maybe if we
all educate ourselves on the situation and fully understand it, we will think of
more ways to promote change.

As anthropologist Margaret Mead said, "Never doubt that a small group of
thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only
thing that ever has."

To see more of The Daily Vidette, which covers the Illinois State University
community, go to http://www.dailyvidette.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily
Vidette, Normal, Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081001-3IL-EDITORIAL-Think-about-how-it-affects-you-1001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 3IL


                    Copyright 2008 Illinois State University


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            March 29, 2008 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                  5 NORTHWEST CONNECTICUT/SPORTS FINAL EDITION

EPIDEMIC STRIKES BATS

BYLINE: RINKER BUCK - Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; WHITE-NOSE SYNDROME SPREADS TO CONNECTICUT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1186 words


A mysterious condition that is already decimating bat populations in New York,
Massachusetts and Vermont has spread to Connecticut, with vast implications not
only for bats but for the vital role they play in controlling mosquito
populations.

Jenny Dickson, a wildlife biologist with the Connecticut Department of
Environmental Protection who entered a major bat hibernaculum (or bat cave) in
Litchfield County on Thursday, has confirmed the presence of the usually fatal
"white-nose syndrome" on numerous hibernating bats.

The syndrome, first detected in New York state caves in the winter of 2006-07,
is so named for the white fungus that coats the noses, legs and wings of
afflicted bats. The condition generally causes death before the bats emerge from
their winter hibernation. In New York state, more than 80 percent of the bats in
affected caves have died over the past two winters, a damaging population loss
for a species whose members often live for more than 30 years but reproduce very
slowly.

State officials and scientists consider the spread of the condition to
Connecticut a major environmental development. This summer, it could affect
everything from outdoor barbecuing to farming. In one of nature's most efficient
if little-known feats, bats consume as many as 1,200 insects an hour after
emerging from their sheltering places every night. This prodigious airborne
feeding substantially controls mosquito populations and helps prevent
plant-eating insects from damaging crops.

The long-term effect of what appears to be a major die-off of bats is not yet
known, but the possibilities clearly worry scientists.

"When you are losing 80 percent of your population all at once, it's a serious
conservation concern," Dickson said.

"Bats are our single largest predator of night-flying insects and provide an
important form of natural insect control. Any significant depletion in their
numbers will also result in a significant effect in other parts of our
ecosystem," she said.

Gerri Griswold, director of administration and development for the White
Memorial Conservation Center in Litchfield, is a licensed wildlife rehabilitator
who has spent the past 16 years studying bats.

"We'd be dead without bats," Griswold said. "They are the No. 1 controller of
night-flying insects worldwide. There is one species called the Mexican
free-tailed bat in Texas that, from just one large cave, emerges every night to
consume 250 tons of insects in eight hours. Bats are crucial to world ecology."

The bat plague was first noticed about a year ago, when hikers and cave
enthusiasts in New York state observed bats that were still supposed to be
hibernating congregating near cave entrances. Some were even flying out in
frigid daytime temperatures to die on the snow. Responding to these reports,
wildlife biologists entered known bat caves - as many as 250,000 bats can
hibernate in a single large cave - and began documenting the telltale white-nose
fungus on the sleeping bats, many of whom also showed signs of emaciation.

An impromptu network of federal and state agencies, and teams of veterinary
pathologists - from the University of Connecticut, Cornell and the University of
Wisconsin - have been meeting all winter via teleconferences to share
information and the results of necropsies of affected bats. But so far they have
not been able to determine the cause of the syndrome. The scientists mostly
agree, however, that the fungus found on the bodies of infected bats is probably
a symptom and not a cause of the condition.

"We just don't know yet what the cause of [white-nose syndrome] is - whether a
virus, a bacteria or a toxin," said Dr. Randall Nelson, Connecticut's public
health veterinarian. "We are not overly concerned for the moment about a threat
to humans because all of the bacteria and fungi found on these bats very
commonly occur in nature and people are exposed to them all the time. Also,
hikers have been in and out of these bat caves quite a lot, with no reports of
adverse health events."

Scientists have developed a variety of theories to explain the syndrome. Among
the possible causes, they say, are global warming, a new, unknown virus or even
pesticides introduced to contain the spread of West Nile virus in mosquitoes.

Experts also agree that the affected bats have extremely low fat levels in their
bodies. In a desperate attempt to replenish their fat, the bats are prematurely
leaving their caves and searching for food. They often die on the snowbanks,
because the warm weather and insects have not yet returned.

In New York and Vermont, five species of bats - including the endangered Indiana
bat - have been affected by the syndrome. But among Connecticut's eight species,
only two common ones - the little brown bat and the northern long-eared bat -
have so far been affected.

There is no mystery among scientists, however, about why the white-nose syndrome
spread so quickly throughout western New England and New York. After spending
the warm months feasting on insects, bats become long-distance commuters in
search of winter hibernation, often traveling 150 miles or more to large
shelters, where thousands congregate to wait out the cold. New York state is
especially rich in bat-friendly, large caves.

Bats that summer along Connecticut's coastline or in suburban Hartford
frequently migrate west toward Albany to winter, where they could easily have
been exposed.

Experts are also worried that, if the disease spreads to larger species like big
brown bats, there could be repercussions for agriculture.

"The big brown bats are huge crop protectors that eat moths and other
night-flying insects and thus provide a vital service to farmers," Griswold
said. "So the implications of this go way beyond just discomfort to humans
during the summer mosquito season."

Dr. Richard A. French, a veterinary pathologist at UConn who has supervised the
necropsies of bats with the fungus, points to another difficulty that is likely
to delay a rapid solution to discovering the cause of the syndrome.

"We've never done a comprehensive study on hibernating bats, so we don't have a
lot of norms to start with," said French.

"We have found on the bats we've examined so far, for instance, significant
amounts of parasites. But we don't even know if that's normal or not. It's
possible this could take years of study to understand."

Contact Rinker Buck at rbuck@courant.com

BAT FACTS

* Bats are the only mammals capable of flight. There are almost 1,000 species
worldwide.

* The bones in a bat's wing are similar to those in human arms and hands.

* A single little brown bat - one of the most prevalent species in Connecticut -
can eat 1,200 mosquitoes in an hour.

* Of the eight species found in Connecticut, two so far have been identified as
having white-nose syndrome - the little brown bat and the northern long-eared
bat.

* The endangered Indiana bat is one of the species affected by white-nose
syndrome.

* Biologists and cavers have documented white-nose syndrome in at least 19 bat
caves in New York, Vermont, Massachusetts and Connecticut.

Sources: Connecticut DEP,

N.Y. DEC, U.S. Fish & Wildlife

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 1, 2008



CORRECTION: Albany, N.Y., was incorrectly located on a map on Page 1 Saturday.
The city is about 50 miles north of where it was shown on the map.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color, AL HICKS / NEW YORK DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL
CONSERVATION GRAPHIC: color, Jim Kuykendall / The Hartford Courant
 HIBERNATING BATS show evidence of white-nose syndrome, an ailment that has
killed thousands of the mammals in New York and surrounding states. White-nose
syndrome has also been reported in Connecticut. Because bats eat mosquitoes and
other insects, the syndrome's reduction of the bat population could affect
mosquito control and ultimately might also affect food crops.    GRAPHIC: Dying
Bats The general area where bats suffering from white-nose syndrome have been
found: SOURCE: U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, Bat Conservation International
LIBRARY NOTE: The graphic was not available for this data base.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            March 29, 2008 Saturday
                  5 NORTHWEST CONNECTICUT/SPORTS FINAL EDITION

EPIDEMIC STRIKES BATS

BYLINE: RINKER BUCK - Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: MAIN; WHITE-NOSE SYNDROME SPREADS TO CONNECTICUT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1186 words


A mysterious condition that is already decimating bat populations in New York,
Massachusetts and Vermont has spread to Connecticut, with vast implications not
only for bats but for the vital role they play in controlling mosquito
populations.

Jenny Dickson, a wildlife biologist with the Connecticut Department of
Environmental Protection who entered a major bat hibernaculum (or bat cave) in
Litchfield County on Thursday, has confirmed the presence of the usually fatal
"white-nose syndrome" on numerous hibernating bats.

The syndrome, first detected in New York state caves in the winter of 2006-07,
is so named for the white fungus that coats the noses, legs and wings of
afflicted bats. The condition generally causes death before the bats emerge from
their winter hibernation. In New York state, more than 80 percent of the bats in
affected caves have died over the past two winters, a damaging population loss
for a species whose members often live for more than 30 years but reproduce very
slowly.

State officials and scientists consider the spread of the condition to
Connecticut a major environmental development. This summer, it could affect
everything from outdoor barbecuing to farming. In one of nature's most efficient
if little-known feats, bats consume as many as 1,200 insects an hour after
emerging from their sheltering places every night. This prodigious airborne
feeding substantially controls mosquito populations and helps prevent
plant-eating insects from damaging crops.

The long-term effect of what appears to be a major die-off of bats is not yet
known, but the possibilities clearly worry scientists.

"When you are losing 80 percent of your population all at once, it's a serious
conservation concern," Dickson said.

"Bats are our single largest predator of night-flying insects and provide an
important form of natural insect control. Any significant depletion in their
numbers will also result in a significant effect in other parts of our
ecosystem," she said.

Gerri Griswold, director of administration and development for the White
Memorial Conservation Center in Litchfield, is a licensed wildlife rehabilitator
who has spent the past 16 years studying bats.

"We'd be dead without bats," Griswold said. "They are the No. 1 controller of
night-flying insects worldwide. There is one species called the Mexican
free-tailed bat in Texas that, from just one large cave, emerges every night to
consume 250 tons of insects in eight hours. Bats are crucial to world ecology."

The bat plague was first noticed about a year ago, when hikers and cave
enthusiasts in New York state observed bats that were still supposed to be
hibernating congregating near cave entrances. Some were even flying out in
frigid daytime temperatures to die on the snow. Responding to these reports,
wildlife biologists entered known bat caves - as many as 250,000 bats can
hibernate in a single large cave - and began documenting the telltale white-nose
fungus on the sleeping bats, many of whom also showed signs of emaciation.

An impromptu network of federal and state agencies, and teams of veterinary
pathologists - from the University of Connecticut, Cornell and the University of
Wisconsin - have been meeting all winter via teleconferences to share
information and the results of necropsies of affected bats. But so far they have
not been able to determine the cause of the syndrome. The scientists mostly
agree, however, that the fungus found on the bodies of infected bats is probably
a symptom and not a cause of the condition.

"We just don't know yet what the cause of [white-nose syndrome] is - whether a
virus, a bacteria or a toxin," said Dr. Randall Nelson, Connecticut's public
health veterinarian. "We are not overly concerned for the moment about a threat
to humans because all of the bacteria and fungi found on these bats very
commonly occur in nature and people are exposed to them all the time. Also,
hikers have been in and out of these bat caves quite a lot, with no reports of
adverse health events."

Scientists have developed a variety of theories to explain the syndrome. Among
the possible causes, they say, are global warming, a new, unknown virus or even
pesticides introduced to contain the spread of West Nile virus in mosquitoes.

Experts also agree that the affected bats have extremely low fat levels in their
bodies. In a desperate attempt to replenish their fat, the bats are prematurely
leaving their caves and searching for food. They often die on the snowbanks,
because the warm weather and insects have not yet returned.

In New York and Vermont, five species of bats - including the endangered Indiana
bat - have been affected by the syndrome. But among Connecticut's eight species,
only two common ones - the little brown bat and the northern long-eared bat -
have so far been affected.

There is no mystery among scientists, however, about why the white-nose syndrome
spread so quickly throughout western New England and New York. After spending
the warm months feasting on insects, bats become long-distance commuters in
search of winter hibernation, often traveling 150 miles or more to large
shelters, where thousands congregate to wait out the cold. New York state is
especially rich in bat-friendly, large caves.

Bats that summer along Connecticut's coastline or in suburban Hartford
frequently migrate west toward Albany to winter, where they could easily have
been exposed.

Experts are also worried that, if the disease spreads to larger species like big
brown bats, there could be repercussions for agriculture.

"The big brown bats are huge crop protectors that eat moths and other
night-flying insects and thus provide a vital service to farmers," Griswold
said. "So the implications of this go way beyond just discomfort to humans
during the summer mosquito season."

Dr. Richard A. French, a veterinary pathologist at UConn who has supervised the
necropsies of bats with the fungus, points to another difficulty that is likely
to delay a rapid solution to discovering the cause of the syndrome.

"We've never done a comprehensive study on hibernating bats, so we don't have a
lot of norms to start with," said French.

"We have found on the bats we've examined so far, for instance, significant
amounts of parasites. But we don't even know if that's normal or not. It's
possible this could take years of study to understand."

Contact Rinker Buck at rbuck@courant.com

BAT FACTS

* Bats are the only mammals capable of flight. There are almost 1,000 species
worldwide.

* The bones in a bat's wing are similar to those in human arms and hands.

* A single little brown bat - one of the most prevalent species in Connecticut -
can eat 1,200 mosquitoes in an hour.

* Of the eight species found in Connecticut, two so far have been identified as
having white-nose syndrome - the little brown bat and the northern long-eared
bat.

* The endangered Indiana bat is one of the species affected by white-nose
syndrome.

* Biologists and cavers have documented white-nose syndrome in at least 19 bat
caves in New York, Vermont, Massachusetts and Connecticut.

Sources: Connecticut DEP,

N.Y. DEC, U.S. Fish & Wildlife

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color, AL HICKS / NEW YORK DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL
CONSERVATION GRAPHIC: color, Jim Kuykendall / The Hartford Courant
 HIBERNATING BATS show evidence of white-nose syndrome, an ailment that has
killed thousands of the mammals in New York and surrounding states. White-nose
syndrome has also been reported in Connecticut. Because bats eat mosquitoes and
other insects, the syndrome's reduction of the bat population could affect
mosquito control and ultimately might also affect food crops.  GRAPHIC: Dying
Bats The general area where bats suffering fro white-nose syndrome have been
found: SOURCE: U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service, Bat Conservation International
LIBRARY NOTE: The graphic was not available for this data base.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             March 12, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Schools urged to accept Asperger services ruling;
SAD 55 and others say the decision will adversely affect disabled students with
academic needs.

BYLINE: GREGORY D. KESICH Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 734 words


A York County girl with Asperger syndrome is entitled to special education
services even though her disability does not limit her academically, according
to a ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals.

In a decision that is likely to affect Maine special education policy, the
three-judge panel in the 1st Circuit in Boston concluded that Maine law broadly
defines education to include more than such measures as reading and mathematics.

As a result, School Administrative District 55 in western York County is
required to work out an individual plan to address the girl's needs in social
interaction and communication. The district has not decided whether it will
comply with the order or appeal the decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.

The Maine Department of Education has proposed rules to tighten the definitions
in state special education law in a way that would deny services to children who
have social or behavioral needs but whose disabilities do not affect them
academically.

While those rules are awaiting legislative approval, advocates for people with
disabilities said the state would do better to accept the federal courts'
judgment on the matter.

''It would be unfortunate if the state's response would be to take a step
backwards and change the definition of educational performance,'' said Frank
D'Alessandro, who filed a friend-of-the-court brief for the Asperger Association
of New England in support of the girl known in court papers as ''L.I.''

''It would be incredibly shortsighted of the state to deny these kids the skills
necessary to lead independent lives when they are adults,'' D'Alessandro said.
''In the long run, it's worse for these kids and it's worse for society.''

L.I. attended public schools in Hiram and Cornish through fifth grade. She did
well academically, but in fourth grade her teachers noticed that she looked sad
and anxious and had a difficult time making friends.

During the fall of 2003, when she was in sixth grade, L.I. stopped studying and
began cutting her arms intentionally. She tried to commit suicide by overdosing
on several medications. A psychiatrist evaluated her and diagnosed her with
Asperger syndrome and ''depressed mood.''

The court defined Asperger syndrome as a developmental disability on the autism
spectrum that is associated with significant misperceptions of otherwise routine
elements of daily life. It is a permanent condition that is not treatable with
medication.

A team assembled by the school, however, denied special education to L.I.
because it they found no ''adverse impact'' on her academic progress.

Her family first tried to home-school her, then placed her in the Community
School in Tamworth, N.H. The family appealed the school district's decision, but
an independent hearing officer upheld it. The officer found L.I. to be ''a
troubled young woman'' but decided that state and federal law do not require
special education to address ''what is essentially a mental health issue.''

The family filed a suit in federal court. Last year, District Judge D. Brock
Hornby found that Asperger disorder is a disability as defined by state law. He
also found that in L.I.'s case, it affected her educational progress, even
though it did not stop her from reading and writing.

In its appeal, the school district claimed that Hornby misread the law. It also
argued that if Hornby's view is allowed to stand, schools would be required to
provide services to everyone with a diagnosed condition.

The appeals court rejected that argument, saying that the law does not require
services for students unless their disabilities harm their educational progress,
and the state's learning standards, known as the Maine Learning Results, define
education to include more than just academics.

The court said it was up to Congress or the Legislature to tighten the
eligibility guidelines if they are too broad.

The Maine School Management Association and other groups filed a
friend-of-the-court brief on the district's side and plan to monitor the
situation, said its lawyer, Brendan Rielly.

The association is concerned that by ''overidentifying'' special education
students, school districts will deplete the resources needed to help disabled
students with academic needs.

''You don't want to end up with services that are a mile wide and an inch
deep,'' Rielly said.


Staff Writer Gregory D. Kesich can be contacted at 791-6336 or at:

gkesich@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 5, 2017

                       Biocurv Medical Instruments, Inc.

                          245 Dryden Court South West
                                  Canton 44706
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
Biocurv Medical instruments, Inc. (BMI) is a producer of oral care products.
High quality product and strong retail network are the company's main strengths,
whereas narrow product portfolio and lack of geographic diversification remain
major areas of concern. In the future, stringent regulations, rising counterfeit
goods market and rising labor costs in the US may affect its growth. However,
increase in the consumer spending in the US, increase in the healthcare spending
in the US and growth of web-based stores are likely to provide growth
opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
HIGH QUALITY PRODUCTS
Compliance to high-quality products helps BMI testifying its commitment to
product quality. Its products hold strictest standards and are approved by the
FDA. The company ensures that its products are BPA and Pthalate free. Its
products are developed using advanced technologies. BMI provides its products
with unconditional life time guaranty. The company's professional grade products
are designed with its patented SureCoat coating, a high quality superior,
non-allergenic coating used for medical applications. The company's products are
also serialized for quality assurance. Quality standards help the company in
generating customer confidence.
STRONG RETAIL NETWORK
Strong retail network helps BMI serve a wide customer base. The company's
products are offered through a strong third party retail network. It principally
distributes its products through ACME Fresh Market, Fishers, The Medicine
Shoppe, drug mart and Davies Drugs. It also sells products through its online
website www.biocurv.com. Strong retail network helps the company in reaching
wide customer base, which in turn enhances its top-line performance.

WEAKNESSES:
LACK OF GEOGRAPHICAL DIVERSIFICATION
The company lacks diversity in terms of geographic reach. Though, BMI exports
its products through a network of retailers worldwide, it operates facilities
only in the US. This dependence on the US market makes BMI vulnerable to
economic, social, political and climatic instability in the country, which may
reduce demand for its products or disrupt the supply chain and may also restrict
its market share and growth opportunities.
NARROW PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Narrow product portfolio may impact the business of the company during any
adverse developments in the industry. BMI's product offerings comprise tongue
cleaners and scrapers only. These products fall under a very narrow range, which
may increase its business risk. The company's global counterparts offer a broad
portfolio of products in the segment. For instance, Fortuna international Ltd.
offers denture brush, dental floss, tongue brush, Floss tooth picks, interdental
brush and tooth brush for kids. Similarly, Personal Care Products Ltd. provides
tongue cleaners, toothbrushes and shaving razors and Dr. Tungs Products offers
tongue cleaners, tooth brush and toothbrush sanitizers, which help the company
to diversify various risks associated with the overdependence on a particular
product category.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASE IN HEALTHCARE SPENDING IN THE US
The company may benefit from increase in healthcare spending in the US.
According to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), health spending
in the US grew by 5.3% in 2014, reaching US$3 trillion or US$9,523 per person.
As a share of the country's Gross Domestic Product, health spending accounted
for 17.5% in 2014, and is expected to rise 20.1% by 2025..Furthermore, health
spending in the US is expected to grow at an average rate of 5.8% from 2015 to
2025, 1.3% point faster than expected average annual growth in the GDP. The
growth is further expected to accelerate 5.7% for 2017 through 2019 due to
increase in economy-wide and medical-specific prices. Since BMI offers oral care
products, increase in healthcare spending may benefit the company in achieving
increased revenue.
GROWTH OF WEB-BASED STORES
The company stands to benefit from growing e-commerce industry in the US.
According to the report published by the Census Bureau of the Department of
Commerce in August 2016, the estimated retail e-commerce sales in the US for the
second quarter of 2016 was US$97.3 billion, an increase of 4.5% from the first
quarter of 2016. The estimated retail e-commerce sales in the US for the second
quarter of 2016 were increased by 15.8% from the second quarter of 2015.
E-commerce sales in the second quarter of 2016 accounted for 7.5% of total
sales. The company's products are sold through e-commerce portal
www.biocurv.com. By providing assurance to customers about credit card payment
security and timely delivery at minimal cost, more product information and
availability, user friendly features and other technological enhancements, the
company may further enhance its online sales and benefit from increased
revenues.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
Increase in the consumer spending is a positive factor for the company's
operating in the US. According to a recent report by The U.S. Bureau of Economic
Analysis (BEA), in August 2016, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by
0.2% or US$39.3 billion and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 0.2%
or US$31.9 billion. The real DPI increased by 0.1% in August 2016, the same
increase as compared to July 2015. Growing personal income, disposable personal
income and personal consumption expenditures may lead to increasing demand for
jewelry in the region. As BMI principally operates in the US, it may benefit
from the increasing consumer spending in the US.

THREATS:
RISING COUNTERFEIT GOODS MARKET
The company's business may be affected as a result of huge influx of counterfeit
products. The huge influx of counterfeit products could affect the company's
business operations. Penetration of counterfeit merchandise could lower the
company's sales and affect its profit margins. Customers could mistakenly
purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, low quality of the products
affect consumer confidence and spoils the brand image of the genuine company.
According to the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), counterfeiting and
piracy are estimated to cost G20 countries over US$125 billion every year. It is
also estimated that approximately 2.5 million jobs could be destroyed by
counterfeiting and piracy. Through low price offerings, the imitated goods
affect the company's financial performance and brand image.
RISING LABOR WAGES
Labor costs in the US have been increasing in the recent past. The tight labor
markets, government mandated increase in minimum wages and a higher proportion
of full-time employees result in an increase in labor costs. The federal minimum
wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA). The
minimum wage rate in the US remained at US$7.2 per hour in January 2016. The 29
states and the District of Columbia have minimum wages more than federal rate.
These wages range from US$7.5 per hour in Maine and New Mexico to US$10.5 per
hour in Washington, D.C. The minimum wage in California increased to US$10 per
hour in January 2016. Such rise in minimum wages could increase its operating
costs, which in turn would affect its profit margins.
STRINGENT REGULATIONS
The company is subject to local, regional and global laws and regulations in the
diverse areas of trademarks, product safety, patents, product claims, copyright,
competition, employee health and safety, listing and disclosure, the
environment, corporate governance, employment and taxes. BMI business is
regulated by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). These agencies oversee
compliance with the regulations outlined in the act. For instance, in the US,
the food, drug and cosmetics industry is regulated by the Federal Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act. The FDA oversees compliance with the regulations outlined in the
act. The FDA may conduct investigations and examinations of products. It may
also inspect establishments in which products are manufactured or held, and may
seize adulterated or misbranded products. The FDA regulates products worth US$1
trillion per year and ensures the safety of all drugs, biological products,
medical devices, animal drugs, feed and all food. Failure to comply with any of
the laws and regulations could expose the company to civil and/or criminal
actions leading to fines, damages and criminal sanctions. Also changes in laws
and regulations could adversely affect the company's business. For instance,
regulations related to tax and their interpretation changes regularly, which may
lead the company to the risk of unexpected tax exposure. The company has to
incur significant cost to comply with the regulations, which increase its
operating costs.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
BUSINESS ANALYSIS
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
HISTORY

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       June 19, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Affect Rebrands Healthcare Network: Axon Health Associates

LENGTH: 387  words


June 19 -- Affect, a public relations, marketing and social media firm
specializing in technology, healthcare and professional services, was selected
by Axon Health Associates to rebrand and rename the New York City-based
healthcare providers.



Formerly three affiliated physical medicine and rehabilitation centers located
in New York City, the healthcare provider unified its three clinics under a new
name: Axon Health Associates. The term 'axon' is emblematic of the company's
services, as it refers to the part of the nerve that sends electric impulses to
transmit information. Axon's services include chiropractic care, physical
therapy, massage therapy, acupuncture, sports medicine and diagnostic testing.

In addition to renaming the practice, Affect was also tasked with developing a
new logo and brand identity, creating new marketing collateral, heading website
development, and establishing a direct marketing plan to introduce the new
branding to existing customers and reach out to prospects.

"We looked for a firm that understood exactly what we needed to overcome with
the challenges of marketing a competitive business in New York City," says Dr.
Jason Feinstein, a founder of the practice. "We knew Affect had the experience
and knowledge to help us but it was also about trust and building a relationship
with the doctors in our practice. The Affect team has truly helped elevate our
brand and prepare our organization for growth."

The practice was founded by Dr. Jason Feinstein, Dr. Scott A. Mark and Dr. Larry
Politis, and now consists of three locations in New York City:

* 120 East 42nd Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10017

* 61 Broadway, Suite 900, New York, NY 10006

* 100 William Street, Suite 1215, New York, NY 10038

"Working with Axon is a perfect example of the types of projects that we are
passionate about. We knew that this was an organization that provided top-notch
healthcare and services, yet its original name and branding did not reflect the
level of professionalism and quality of care that its patients experienced,"
said Sandra Fathi, president and founder of Affect. "By allowing us to rename
the company, develop a completely new branding and marketing strategy, we are
helping to position them for further growth and expansion while also
strengthening relationships with current patients.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 25, 2005 Friday

Various factors affect pool speed

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. G4

LENGTH: 350 words


When one-hundredth of a second can mean the difference in a race, speed is of
the essence.

But at this weekend's state swim meet in Canton, is the swimmer the only
variable? Can a pool be fast?

Fast pools might sound like a strange concept, but there are structural factors
that affect a performance.

"How the water reacts, given these factors, can make a difference," said
University of Dayton physics professor Rex Berney.

Factors include overall pool depth as well as consistent depth, water
temperature, lane width and gutter depth. Deeper pools are generally considered
to be faster, as are those that are the same depth from end to end.

"As you swim, you make waves and they reflect off the sides and come back,"
Berney said. "The depth would be a variable that makes a difference in the
waves."

Coaches see that difference firsthand.

"The depth affects the way the pool eats the waves, so does the gutter system,
you want deep gutters," Fairmont coach Gary Galbreath said. "It can affect
times."

According to Berney, water has a slightly different density as a function of
temperature, but the greatest difference is the impact it has on swimmers'
bodies. Pools that are too cold increase the chance of muscles tightening.
Warmer temperatures can be uncomfortable for swimmers. According to Galbreath,
the optimum pool temperature is between 78-81 degrees.

Physical factors aside, there is a psychological aspect of the "fast pool."

"It can make a big difference if the kids know it is a fast pool," Miamisburg
coach Steve May said. "Because swimming is about 90 percent mental, if they
think it's a fast pool, they want their best time."

The district was held in what many coaches agree is a fast pool, at Miami
University. The Branin Natatorium in Canton is not considered to be as fast, but
other factors come into play, including tapering and adrenaline.

"A lot of it is psychological," Beavercreek state qualifier Jon Buchanan said.
"The level of the meet and the overall atmosphere also play a part but, no
matter what, you have to swim fast."

Contact Debbie Juniewicz at djunie@aol.com or at 294-5877.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RON ALVEY/DAYTON DAILY NEWS STEBBINS SOPHOMORE Cassie Cole swims in the
200 freestyle race at the Division I sectional at Washington Twp Rec Center. A
number of pool factors beyond the swimmers' control can affect how fast they
swim.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      April 27, 2003 Sunday, Final Edition

On the threshold;
Dystonia, a painful neurological condition, consumes Peter Cohen. But a new
procedure may one day restore normalcy to his life.

BYLINE: JOSHUA L. WEINSTEIN Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2114 words


Imagine a jack-in-the-box, but a topsy-turvy one: It starts out open, with the
clown upright, and as the crank twists, so does the clown - it slowly curls and
distorts and is drawn into the box.

That is Peter Cohen's life.

For the past 23 years, a neurological condition called dystonia has steadily
wrenched him. The 6-foot-4-inch lawyer has been twisted around and down, to the
point where he cannot stand, sit, drive or walk. His right arm jerks crazily,
involuntarily, sometimes hitting people nearby. He is in constant pain.

Cohen, a champion tennis player in high school, once wrote speeches for the late
Gov. Robert Casey of Pennsylvania, clerked for a U.S. Bankruptcy Court judge in
Portland, even testified before Congress in Washington. He now spends his days
and nights lying on the floor of his South Portland apartment. He takes his
meals there, watches television there. He would read there, but he cannot hold a
book still.

Now, for the first time, Cohen has reason to believe he will again stand
upright.

The answer lies in a wire leading from deep inside his brain to a
neurostimulator - a "brain pacemaker" that delivers a rapid-fire stream of
electrical pulses - implanted near his collarbone. Cohen, who is 38, is one of
only about 50 dystonia patients nationwide to undergo the procedure.

Dr. Jerrold Vitek, a professor of neurology at Emory University's Health
Sciences Center in Atlanta, and one of Cohen's doctors, said the procedure,
called Deep Brain Stimulation, has been enormously beneficial for dystonia
patients, and has been used in Europe for years. The risk of a serious problem
is about 2.5 percent, he said, explaining that the most likely problem would be
bleeding in the brain.

Cohen hasn't spent much time worrying about side effects or risks. In fact, from
the time he heard about the procedure, he has looked forward to it.

"It's my only option," he said.
Carried by a gene

Dystonia is a movement disorder, the third-most common one after Parkinson's and
tremor. The Dystonia Medical Research Foundation estimates that about 300,000
people in North America have some form of it. It is unknown how many dystonia
patients live in Maine.

The disorder causes muscles to pull or spasm. Some dystonias, like cervical
dystonia, affect muscles of the neck and shoulder. Others affect the muscle
inside the larynx. Yet another affects the eyelids, causing them to close.

Cohen has a genetic form of dystonia called generalized dystonia, which is
associated with the DYT1 gene. Dystonia like Cohen's affects about 30 percent of
the people who have the gene. The other 70 percent carry the gene, but do not
develop symptoms.

Cohen's sickness began subtly enough.

He was 15 and his right hand felt wrong. It was almost imperceptible, except he
couldn't bow properly when playing the cello.

He could still play tennis, which requires larger movements. But over time, he
found he could not write anymore. His right arm began to twitch and tremor
tremble.

Today, Cohen's condition is noticeable.

He is a tall man, but he is hunched and almost constantly in motion. His right
arm is always moving - he used to sit on his hand in law school to keep it from
flying out and smacking classmates - and when he can walk, he has a pronounced
gait.

His condition calls attention to itself, and is embarrassing. People stare and
sometimes are cruel.

There were times, before he stopped driving, that other motorists saw him in his
red Ford Explorer, all twisted up, his arm flailing. Sometimes they'd laugh, or
mimic his movement.

Cohen used to tell people that he was used to the staring, but he never was.

He hasn't been able to practice law for more than a year. He used to try to go
to the gym, at least to pedal the stationary bicycle, but he had to prop his
head uncomfortably, and eventually it simply hurt too much. He was a member of a
book club but found, during meetings, that he needed to lie on the floor.

He takes a variety of medicines, including artane, which is prescribed for
Parkinson's. It has caused him side effects, such as memory problems and
irritability.

Over the past year, he stopped driving, stopped doing just about anything.

"I sort of lie to people," he said. "They say it must be really hard, and I tell
them I'm used to it. I'm not. I'm not used to it. This is hell. Every day of the
last five years has been hell from not being able to walk well to having
constant tremors to having people stare at me to having to stop working and not
being able to do things I used to be able to do. It's hell."

Margie Walden, the executive director Bachman-Strauss Dystonia and Parkinson
Foundation, in New York, said many patients face the same thing.

"A hallmark of dystonia is the muscle contractions and the torque," she said.
"Not only are the muscles contracting, they're contracting so much that they're
pulling the limbs into this kind of tortured-looking form, and it creates huge
amounts of pain because the limbs are being pulled into very odd-looking
shapes."

Being pulled into incorrect posture causes other problems, as well. Cohen holds
his head incorrectly, which causes debilitating neck pain.

In 2001, he testified before the House Subcommittee on Health, Labor and
Education about the disorder, telling members about dystonia and encouraging
them to fund dystonia research at the National Institutes of Health.
Seeing a way out

Deep Brain Stimulation sounds terrifying. Surgeons secure the patient's skull in
a clamp, drill a hole in the cranium and fish a titanium wire far into the
brain.

The patient is awake all the while.

Cohen and his wife, Sindee, saw a videotape of the procedure during a dystonia
conference in Miami last November.

"I saw this guy in a vice," Sindee Cohen said. "I was actually sitting there
crying. It's a traumatic thing to watch, and all I could think was, 'This could
be my husband.' "

Peter Cohen saw something entirely different. He saw a way out.

"This could be me," he thought. "This will be me."

It's not that easy.

Until this month, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration considered the procedure
experimental for dystonia patients. For that reason, only a handful of surgeons
in the country have performed it on people who have the disease.

One of them is Dr. Mahlon DeLong, chairman of neurology at Emory. DeLong also
was the moderator of the Deep Brain Stimulation panel at the conference in 2002,
and is head of the Science Advisory Board for the Dystonia Medical Research
Foundation. Cohen is a member of the foundation's Junior Advisory Council. The
two spoke, and DeLong told Cohen that there was no question of whether Cohen
would need the surgery; the only question, he said, was when.

Cohen was immediately taken with the idea. He couldn't wait.

For decades, neurosurgeons have treated movement disorders by ablating -
essentially vaporizing - areas of the brain. One of the problems with that is,
the brain does not regenerate. Once it is gone, it stays gone. It is difficult,
too, to ablate perfectly - if the ablation is too large, it causes damage - if
the optic nerve gets zapped, for instance, there goes vision. If the ablation is
too small, it doesn't solve the problem.

In order to find the target area they wanted to lesion, doctors would use
electric stimulation.

In the 1980s, Professor Alim-Louis Benabid, of the University of Grenoble, in
France, noticed that when he applied the electric stimulation, patients' tremors
stopped.

"Dr. Benabid said, 'What if we could figure out a way to chronically stimulate
the same target?' - basically simulate the effects of a lesion without running
the risk of making the lesion too big or too small and preserving future
treatment options for the patient," said Joe McGrath, a spokesman for Medtronic,
the company that makes the brain pacemaker.

Implanting the lead, or wire, into the brain doesn't take much time, he said.
But finding the precise place to insert it can take hours.

That's where the microelectrode recording comes in. It is a brain-mapping
procedure pioneered at Emory that identifies the few brain cells associated with
dystonia.

Vitek, the Emory neurologist and physiologist, can hear, through that process,
the right place to work.

"It's basically like listening to accents in the neighborhood," McGrath said.
"When you go to New York City, there's the Brooklyn accent, there's the Queens
accent, there's the Bronx accent. If you're good with accents, you know where
you are based on how people sound. The sounds that the different regions of the
brain make are different. . . . Dr. Vitek knows when he's in the internal
capsule, which is an area to stay away from."

Once the wire is where it needs to be, doctors ask the patient to perform
certain movements and about how things feel.

There is a feeling of pressure, but not of pain.
Patients awake, alert

On Feb. 17, Cohen had the surgery in a cream-colored operating room at Emory.
His wife sat in a waiting room nearby, worrying, while doctors clamped Cohen's
head in a vise and got to work.

"There's really no sedation or anaesthesia except when they drilled the hole in
my head, and the vise, they put a very tight frame on you. That hurts," Cohen
said.

Patients have to be awake and alert for the procedure, because doctors have to
be able to ask questions. They have to know, for instance, if the patient is
seeing spots, or whether there are certain sensations.

The drilling doesn't last long, but the brain mapping does. Vitek listened and
looked, occasionally shaking Cohen's limbs and asking questions, and ultimately
determining exactly where to put the lead.

Occasionally, a nurse would swab his lips with a lemony liquid.

"I could hear them sort of sloshing around in my brain," Cohen said. "Seriously.
It's bizarre."

After about seven hours, the lead was in.

"I was just basically focusing on getting through the procedure and not trying
to think too much about the pain I was having in my arms, and realizing that
this two, three, four, five, six, seven hours of pain would be hopefully
mitigated by years of much better health."

That was the first of four surgeries Cohen will have.

One month after doctors implanted the lead, they put in the "brain pacemaker,"
which constantly stimulates the area of the brain where Vitek decided was
correct.

A cardiac pacemaker delivers about 60 pulses per minute. The neurostimulator
delivers between 120 and 180 pulses per second.

Cohen still needs more surgery. The left side of the brain controls the right
side of the body, and because Cohen's right side is most severely affected by
his dystonia, doctors first worked on the left side of his brain. They're
scheduled to implant a lead in the right side of his brain in May, and to put in
the second neurostimulator in June.
Effects not immediate

Cohen is back in Maine now, and his doctor here is tweaking the neurostimulator.
He's negotiating with his insurance company on covering the $100,000 cost, but
is spending his time working on the future.

"They turn me up a little bit and I get a little better and better," he said.
"It's hard when only one side is on."

It takes a while for deep brain stimulation to work on dystonia patients. For
people with essential tremor and Parkinson's disease, it works immediately -
like a switch.

"With Parkinson's," Vitek, the doctor, said, "the stiffness goes almost right
away. It's just dramatic. . . . Dystonia is a completely different ballgame in
that it may take days, weeks, even months to see the full effects. In fact, you
won't see any effect, most often, until a few days after you turn it on."

Before then, doctors have to determine the proper amplitude frequency, pulse
width and amplitude.

At first, Cohen's settings were wrong, and sent him into pain. But he feels
lucky to be one of the few dystonia patients to have had the procedure.

He's thinking of what he'll do when he is better.

When he was wed, last August, he had to lie on a chaise longue for the vows.
He's thinking maybe he'll have another ceremony, and stand. Or he and his wife
may go on a honeymoon.

He loves America's national parks, and would like to see more of them.

And here's something funny: He is looking forward to traveling coach. Now, he
can only travel first class. The smaller seats in coach do not accommodate him,
not with his tremors, not with his pain.

The mere discomfort of traveling like everyone else sounds good.

"It's amazing," Cohen said. "It's utterly amazing. . . . It feels like I'm 25
years old again."


Staff Writer Joshua L. Weinstein can be contacted at 791-6368 or at:

jweinstein@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: In this photo taken in January, before the deep brain stimulation,
Cohen was unable to walk without flailing his arms. Dystonia not only triggers
involuntary movement, it also pulls the limbs into painful, unnatural positions.

Staff photo by Herb Swanson

Staff photos by John Ewing

Thanks to the implant of a neurostimulator, Cohen is able to walk erect, but it
is still uncomfortable for him and he spends most of his time lying down in his
South Portland apartment.

Peter Cohen reads a book downloaded onto his Palm Pilot PDA, which is propped up
against a stuffed bear, while lying on the floor of his South Portland
apartment.

Peter Cohen spends much of his day sprawled on the floor of the South Portland
apartment that he shares with his wife, Sindee, as he tries to escape the pain
associated with dystonia. Cohen, an attorney, is one of 50 patients nationwide
to have a pacemaker-like device implanted in his brain. The full effects are not
immediate.

                 Copyright 2003 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 19, 2017

                         Capitol Federal Financial, Inc

                              700 S Kansas Avenue
                               Topeka,  KS 66603
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


CapFed is a financial holding company based in the US. An increase in total
deposits, strong capital adequacy and broad product and service portfolio are
the key strengths of the company, even as its decline in cash position and
geographic concentrations remain major areas of concern. Going forward,
fluctuation in the interest rate, increase in compliance costs, and changing
regulations may affect its business performance. However, the growing US
economy, expanding cards and payments industry and booming mortgage market in
the US may provide ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


An increase in the total deposits of the company reflects strong customer
sentiments and better returns on cash deposits. CapFed has exhibited increase in
its total deposits during FY2015. The company reported total deposits of
USD4,832.5 million during FY2015, which represents an increase of 3.8% compared
to FY2014. The increase in deposits was due to increase in non-interest-bearing
checking accounts, retail certificates of deposit and public units/brokered
deposits, which increased by 3.9%, 4% and 12.5% in FY2015 respectively. In
addition, the company was ranked second in deposit market share, representing a
share of 7.23% in the state of Kansas. Such an increase in total deposits
strengthens the company's financial position and enhances its lending
capabilities.

STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY


A strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets, and to address bank stress
tests conducted by national banking regulators. Good capital management
practices enabled the company to strengthen its capital position. As of
September 30, 2015, CapFed reported total capital ratio of 33.6% and core tier I
capital ratio of 33.4%, exceeding the regulatory requirements of 10% and 8%. The
prudent capital management initiatives of the company strengthened its capital,
which in turn will enable it to withstand periods of banking stress.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad product and service portfolio is a major strength. The
company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Capitol Federal Savings Bank,
offers a range of banking products and services to both individuals and
corporate clients. It offers a variety of retail deposit accounts including
checking accounts, savings accounts, kid's accounts, teen saving accounts, money
market accounts, individual retirement accounts and certificates of deposit.
CapFed also offers various lending solutions such as fixed rate and adjustable
rate mortgage loans, personal loans, vehicle loans, certificate of deposit
loans, consumer loans and commercial loans. The company also offers insurance
products such as life insurance, home insurance and mobile insurance. It
provides services such as mobile banking, telephone banking, online banking, and
bill payment services. Such a broad product and service portfolio drives its
top-line performance.


WEAKNESSES:


GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATION


The company's confined operations expose it to the risks associated with a
limited geographic presence in the US. The company's business operations are
primarily confined to the states of Kansas and Missouri. The financial services
sector going global has seen many companies expanding their operations to
enhance revenue generation. The company is limiting its operations to Kansas and
Missouri only, which will make it more vulnerable to geographical and
operational risks compared to its competitors, who have greater geographical
presence and diversified service offerings.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and due from
banks declined from US$11.5 million at the end of FY2014 to US$7.8 million at
the end of FY2015, representing a decline of 32%. A decline in cash and cash
equivalents may be due to the decreased value of its short-term asset holdings,
such as short-term government bonds, marketable securities and weak cash inflow.



OPPORTUNITIES:


BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


The booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
company. The US is the most active mortgage market in the world, and is expected
to register substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the purchase mortgage originations stood at US$821 billion in
2015, and is expected to reach US$978 billion by 2017. The growth will be driven
by a rise in homes sales and homes under construction. This is likely to enhance
the demand for mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn
driving its top-line performance.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from the growing US economy. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the US's GDP growth rate stood at 2.4% in
2014, and is forecasted to reach 2.6% for FY2016. Positive growth in the economy
keeps a balance between exports and imports in the country, further bolsters
individual consumption and investment, and strengthens government spending.
Growing economic activities will increase prices on the face of stimulating
demand, which is likely to save the US from tipping into deflation. Such
economic growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions in the country.
As a provider of banking products and services in the US, CapFed is well
positioned to benefit from the growing economy.

EXPANDING CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY IN THE US


The expanding cards and payments industry in the US is expected to provide
significant growth opportunities for the company. According to in-house
research, the number of payment cards in circulation is expected to reach
1,672.6 million in 2019, at a CAGR of 4.68% over the forecast period
(2015-2019). The volume of payment cards transactions is projected to reach
120.4 billion in 2019, at a CAGR of 4.76%. In terms of transaction value,
payment cards are expected to reach US$7,593.9 billion over the forecast period.
Increasing internet penetration, growing economy, growing e-commerce and
m-commerce payment activities, decreasing inflation, favorable demographic
changes and an increase in shift towards contactless payments are expected to be
the major growth drivers over the forecast period. CapFed, a provider of debit
and prepaid cards in the US, is well placed to gain from this.


THREATS:


INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Rising compliance costs are expected to increase further, and may adversely
affect the company's operations. The recent financial crisis has led to
increased compliance costs and additional regulations. The compliance burden on
banks has probably been increased in an attempt by the government to prevent
future crises. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior
Supervisors Group, the Institute of International Finance and the US Treasury
have issued reports reflecting the changes in the regulatory process and risk
management practices. The Federal Reserve has also issued new regulations for
mortgage origination to guard consumers. This would result in an enhanced
regulatory environment and exert extra pressure on banks, which are already
working on improving their own governance processes.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in countries of its operations. Changes in government policy,
legislation or regulatory interpretation may adversely affect the company's
product range, distribution channels and capital requirements, and consequently,
reported results and financing requirements. Changes in government policies and
regulations may have a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion
strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including the company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets.
Increasing interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and
consequently the fee income earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing
interest rates may adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the
principal or interest on loans and leases, resulting in an increase in
nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized. These rates are
highly sensitive to many factors beyond its control including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the money supply and policies of
various governmental and regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might
impact the company's operating performance, as its income and investment returns
depend on the level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                          December 11, 2002, Wednesday

SECTION: MOTORING; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 769 words


EUGENE T "Bob" Gregorie, the first design chief of the Ford Motor Company and
the creator of the venerable Lincoln Continental, died aged 94 last week in St
Augustine, Florida.Gregorie also designed what would become the 1949 Mercury,
driven by James  Dean in Rebel Without a Cause , and the 1936 Lincoln-Zephyr,
which the Museum of Modern

Art in New York called "the first successfully streamlined car in America".

A former boat designer from New York, Gregorie moved to Detroit in 1929 to work
in the automotive field. He was immediately hired y General Motors Corporation
but lost his job a few months later at the start of the Depression.

Gregorie was 22 when he was hired in 1931 by Edsel Ford, president of Ford and
son of founder Henry Ford.

"Gregorie's primary attribute was he could translate what Edsel Ford wanted into
three-dimensional designs," said Jim Farrell, an Oregon lawyer who has written
extensively about the history of Ford designs."He could sit and sketch while
Edsel talked in his office".

In 1935, Edsel Ford made Gregorie chief of Ford's new design department.

With Edsel Ford's guidance, Gregorie designed every Ford, Mercury, above ,
Lincoln-Zephyr, Lincoln and Ford truck and tractor produced between 1935 and
1945.

That included the Lincoln Continental, which debuted in 1939. Ford announced
earlier this year it would stop making the Continental as part of company
restructuring.

Gregorie left the company soon after Edsel Ford's death in 1943.

TRADITIONAL window-tinting can have drastic effects on in-glass aerials. Tests
on the affect of tinting films on

in-glass antennas found that traditional metallic films totally blocked AM
reception and distorted FM reception.

Ford, which has extensively tested the tints, uses in-glass aerials on the
award-winning BA Falcon.

There are products on the market which do not affect radio reception.

3M Scotchtint Black is claimed to not affect the in-glass technology used on
models such as the Falcon and all-new Toyota Camry.

The product is said to block 99 per cent of ultraviolet rays and reduces sun and
headlamp glare. Information: 13 61 36.

MOBILE phones and cars are a lethal combination.

Harvard University says mobile phone-related traffic accidents claim up to 2600
lives a year in the US, compared with 1000 deaths a couple of years ago.

The National Transportation Safety Board in the US is launching studies on how
mobile phone use affects individual drivers.

A V8 Supercar ride with Todd Wanless is up for auction tonight at the Fashion
for Farmers at the GPO Hotel in Brisbane's Fortitude Valley. Organised by
Credcom to raise money for drought-affected farmers, the evening costs $50 a
ticket and features Troy Casser-Daley plus a swag of auctions.
Information:(07)3846 7044.

ABOUT 1300 Saab workers, one fifth of the company's workforce at its main
factory in Trollhattan, have been laid off by the

Swedish carmaker.The company, wholly owned by GM, recorded a $215million loss
for the first six months this year.

ENTRIES are open for Mitsubishi's fifth design competition, with entrants able
to chose between two themes: "personal" vehicles for adults or "new-concept mini
vans".

The design competition is held annually by the company's Tama Design Centre and
details are available at www.mitsubishi-

motors.co.jp/DESIGN.

PORSCHE engineers love the wide, unlimited spaces of the Northern Territory.

Research and development boss Wolfgang Durheimer says Australia is now a very
important testing area for the German sports car - and now four-wheel-drive -
stable.

It is the only place in the world where you can run a Porsche Turbo on full
throttle and empty the fuel tank," Wolfgang says.

While that may mean the locals catch up every 220km or so, the high-speed summer
runs through the Territory are vital for every Porsche's performance.

" If you can run successfully in Australia, we know we can run successfully, in
terms of thermodynamics,on any race track in the world".

There is plenty of open country and real-world conditions. The high-speed Nardo
test track in Italy allows for speeds of up to 300km/h.

" But there you run one day turning left all day, the next you turn right,"
Wolfgang says.

Wolfgang and his crew have been awed by the scenery in the Red Centre,
especially Uluru.

The four-wheel-drive Cayenne was one of the recent Porsches tested through the
Territory, with engineers caught one night in a flash flood in the desert.

The next Porsche screaming through the centre is likely to be the much-awaited
Carrera GT, due for launch in early 2004.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           September 13, 2011 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

RECRUITINGRecruiting;
0-2 start not affecting commitments

BYLINE: Michael Carvell; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 633 words


Georgia's 0-2 start couldn't be good for recruiting.

Fourteen players are committed to sign national letters of intent with the team
in February, plus four high school juniors pledged the following year, and many
them made unofficial visits during Saturday's 45-42 loss to South Carolina.

Included were five-star offensive lineman John Theus of Jacksonville and Thomson
High School defensive tackle John John Atkins. Junior prospects in Camden County
QB Brice Ramsey; Newnan safety Tray Matthews; and Goose Creek (S.C) wide
receiver Tramal Terry were in attendance, too.

What do recruits think of UGA's winless start? And will it affect their
commitment to the Bulldogs?

Chester Brown, OL, Bradwell Institute: "My opinion is that I believe Georgia
should be 2-0, that's how I feel. At the South Carolina game, mental mistakes
are what killed UGA. If you take away the fumbles, the interception, and the
fake punt that led to four touchdowns, then basically Georgia won. I feel like
the 0-2 start is not good, but I'm telling you that Georgia will come back. They
are going to bounce back from those losses. If you take those 28 points away,
the score would've been 42-17 in favor of Georgia. That was crazy, crazy,
crazy."

What was the general feeling about Georgia among the recruits at the game? "Man,
the recruits I was sitting around were just as hyped up as I was. It was like,
'Let's go Georgia, let's go Georgia.' We were supporting Georgia big time, and
we're just ready to go play and help them win." Will 0-2 affect your Georgia
commitment? "I'm definitely signing with Georgia."

Tray Matthews, S, Newnan: "I loved it down there on Saturday. The atmosphere was
crazy. I had butterflies walking into the stadium. I hate the 0-2 start. The
first game, Georgia played terrible, to be honest. I was like, 'Man I don't know
about this.' But the second game, they picked it up. I saw a lot of things I
liked against South Carolina, and some things I didn't like. They have to win
this next game against Coastal Carolina to have my respect, though. But I have
faith in them. I think they are going to bounce back and win the rest of the
games this season."

Any impact on your commitment to UGA? "It doesn't affect me right now. Duke,
Florida, Tennessee and Alabama have invited me to some games. My parents want to
check out some other places and see how it is." What about UGA fans worried
about you visiting other schools? "They shouldn't worry. As long as Georgia
keeps going after it hard like they did against South Carolina, they won't have
to worry."

Jonathan Taylor, DT, Jenkins County: "I was there. I think we started out a
little slow this season but we're going to turn it around. We just got to get
into the flow. We've got the freshmen from the Dream Team and Isaiah Crowell.
Isaiah was doing his thing against South Carolina. He made some big plays and
showed everybody what he could do."

Will 0-2 affect your recruiting? "I'm sticking with Georgia. We just have to get
the chemistry right. We're going to be all right."

Leonard Floyd, DE, Dodge County: "I enjoyed being at the game. We should've won
it. I feel good about the team and the program. We had two good teams to play at
the beginning of the season. We played good enough to beat South Carolina, but
turnovers kind of cost us the game."

Will 0-2 affect your commitment? "I'm 100 percent with the Dawgs. I'm not trying
to go to any other schools right now. I'm coming back to Georgia when they play
Auburn."

Kent Turene, LB, Atlanta Sports Academy: "I didn't go, but I watched it on TV.
It has been a rough start. It's not that Georgia isn't a good football team;
they are just making a lot of mistakes."

Any effect on your recruiting? "O-and-2 is not an issue because my services are
needed there. Yes sir, I'm committed to Georgia."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 19, 1991, Thursday

Seven minority institutions join forces to combat AIDS; Morehouse School of
Medicine leads research consortium

BYLINE: By Ellen Whitford Staff writerdiseases; personal; health; science;
technology; development; drugs

SECTION: FEATURES; SECTION D; PAGE 06

LENGTH: 634 words


A program that would encourage racial minorities to become more involved in
testing drugs and treatments for AIDS - as patients and researchers - has been
launched by the Morehouse School of Medicine and six other predominantly
minority institutions.

The consortium, consisting of three medical schools, three pharmacy schools and
a veterinary school, all primarily black, will pool resources to develop
research programs to study AIDS as it affects racial minorities and to encourage
minorities to develop research programs.; Effects of AIDS differ

Racial minorities are disproportionately affected by the disease: Blacks and
Hispanics comprise about 21 percent of the population in the United States but
account for 45 percent of all AIDS cases, according to the Centers for Disease
Control.

And, across races, there are differences in how people respond to HIV, the virus
that causes AIDS. Minorities, for instance - blacks specifically - tend to
develop AIDS more quickly after becoming infected with HIV than do whites.

Yet there are few minorities among the nation's AIDS researchers or among
patients participating in experimental treatments, said Rudolph Jackson, a
Morehouse professor of pediatrics and the program director for the Association
of Minority Health Professions Schools.

Blacks "ought to be more interested in a disease that affects so many
minorities," Dr. Jackson said. Historically, however, minority schools have not
had the resources to support much research.

Conversely, white researchers at large institutions have had difficulty
recruiting racial minorities to participate in clinical trials for treatment, he
said.; Schools will work with others

The consortium, which was awarded a $ 4 million grant from the National
Institutes of Health to develop collaborative programs with other institutions,
is designed to overcome these obstacles.

It is developing a program that would target research into epidemiology,
prevention and drug development; sponsor clinical research; and develop animal
models for testing the effects of new drugs.

The Morehouse School of Medicine is the lead institution in the consortium. The
others are: Charles R. Drew University of Medicine and Science (Los Angeles);
Meharry Medical College (Nashville); Florida A&M University College of Pharmacy
& Pharmaceutical Sciences (Tallahassee); Texas Southern University School of
Pharmacy (Houston); Xavier University of Louisiana College of Pharmacy (New
Orleans); and Tuskegee Institute School of Veterinary Medicine (Tuskegee, Ala.).

Those institutions also will link up with some of the 47 others across the
country where clinical trials are under way, Dr. Jackson said.

"We think that minority medical schools, and minority physicians, may be able to
encourage more minorities to participate" in those trials, he said.; Morehouse
studies started

At Morehouse, two research programs are under way.

One looks at how HIV affects eye tissue. A second is studying how HIV replicates
itself.

About half of those with AIDS develop abnormalities in the eye (called
cytomegalovirus retinitis); the majority of those people become blind.

But researchers don't know whether the disease is caused by HIV, cytomegalovirus
(called CMV) or an interaction of the two, said Dr. Kamla Dutt, a molecular
biologist and associate professor of pathology at Morehouse. Using cells from
retinal tissue, she is studying how the viruses affect the eye.

A second study, conducted by Craig Bond, a molecular biologist and assistant
professor of biochemistry, is looking at how HIV interacts with cells of the
human body. By studying one HIV protein that is essential for the virus to
replicate itself, Dr. Bond is attempting to determine how the virus works.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

BRIEF: Shed fire won't affect planned opening for Wilderness Lodge

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 124 words


Dec. 11--WATTSBURG -- A storage shed was damaged in a fire at Wilderness Lodge
in Venango Township this morning.

The Wattsburg Hose Co., Kuhl Hose Co. and Greenfield Township Volunteer Fire
Departments were called to the cross-country skiing facility on Weeks Valley
Road at 10:10 a.m. on a report of a shed fire. The fire damaged the shed and
some equipment inside, but did not damage any of the facility's main equipment
or extend to any buildings, officials said.

Crews were on the scene for about one hour.

The fire won't affect the facility's planned opening on Sunday, a Wilderness
Lodge official said.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131211-EI-BRF-Shed-fire-won-t-affect
-planned-opening-for-Wilderness-Lodge-1211-20131211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday

Fiscal debate to affect Oregon

BYLINE: Sherri Buri McDonald, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Jan. 12--Oregon's economy should continue to grow in the coming months, but that
growth will probably remain muted, in part because of expected tighter U.S.
fiscal policy, according to a University of Oregon index that tracks the state's
economic activity.

"Although the so-called fiscal cliff was averted, further tax increases and
spending cuts remain likely outcomes of the upcoming debt-ceiling debate," said
economist Tim Duy, author of the UO Index of Economic Indicators.

"The fiscal cliff debate was really just about how much fiscal austerity we're
going to have," he said. "We did not escape the austerity. We escaped the
deepest depths of austerity, but we're coming into that debate again (with) the
debt-ceiling debate."

Duy said he doesn't have any specific examples of how austerity by the federal
government would affect Oregon.

"What I focus on is that Oregon tracks the national economy, so anything that's
going to cause a generalized decline in economic activity ... is going to come
back to Oregon."

Several economic indicators have been improving recently, pushing up the index
in November for the second consecutive month.

Residential building permits in Oregon have climbed steadily for more than a
year. They hit 1,058 in November, up from 594 in August 2011. But they are still
very low compared with levels before the recession.

The high-water mark was in 2005, Duy said. "We saw numbers as high as 2,680 in
December 2005," he said.

An upswing in construction tends to coincide with an upswing in hiring and in
spending, and those things tend to support each other, Duy said.

"It would be highly unusual for the economy to slip into recession during an
upturn in residential construction," he said.

Other indicators that improved in November were nondefense, nonaircraft capital
orders, which rose to their highest level since June; the Oregon weight-distance
tax, a measure of trucking activity; weekly hours worked at Oregon
manufacturers; and U.S. consumer sentiment, according to Duy's report.

"Some of the manufacturing stuff looked better," Duy said. "That's a good sign."

The UO Index of Economic Indicators rose 0.6 percent in November to 92.8. The
index forecasts economic conditions in the state for the next three to six
months, using 1997 as the base year of 100. In general, the higher the number,
the better the outlook.

___ (c)2013 The Register-Guard (Eugene, Ore.) Visit The Register-Guard (Eugene,
Ore.) at www.registerguard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130112-EU-Fiscal-debate-to-affect-Oregon-0112-20130112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2013 The Register Guard


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Clegg defends cost of UK's foreign aid

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 235 words


DEPUTY PRIME MINISTER Nick Clegg insisted yesterday that boosting spending on
overseas aid was directly relevant to British families.

He acknowledged that the UK Government needed to make the case to voters that
the international development budget should be spared the kind of cuts being
imposed elsewhere in Whitehall.

But he maintained that increasing aid spending was not "naive altruism".

His comments came as he prepared to urge other rich nations to stick to their
Millennium Development Goal commitments in a speech to the UN in New York City.

Speaking to reporters ahead of the speech, he said: "It is not an act of naive
altruism. There is enlightened self-interest at stake here.

"If the rest of the world is susceptible to extremism, conflict, the volatile
effects of runaway environmental degradation, it affects us.

"It affects the safety of British families on British streets. It affects the
people who come to live in the United Kingdom. It affects our shared
environment. It deprives us of economic opportunities as a trading nation."
Britain's commitment to increase aid spending to 0.7% of gross national income
from 2013 would be written into UK law by the coalition Government, he said.

Mr Clegg is attending a series of summit events in New York today before
travelling to Washington for meetings there tomorrow, including lunch at the
White House with US Vice President Joe Biden.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg walks to the United Nations building
in New York. He will address the UN Millennium Development Goals Summit later
today

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

Plumbers strike affects new jail

BYLINE: Tim Ruzek, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 353 words


Dec. 2--Plumbers and pipefitters who are part of a southeastern Minnesota labor
union went on strike Tuesday, including some who are working on Mower County's
justice center, officials said.

On Tuesday, Craig Oscarson, the county's coordinator, told the Mower County
Board that the strike involves plumbers from Harty Mechanical who are working on
the new jail and justice center in downtown Austin.

Oscarson said he has been told, however, that the plumbing and piping is about
one to two weeks ahead of schedule, so it shouldn't affect the project.

"Time will tell and we'll see what happens," Oscarson said.

The Rochester-based Plumbers and Pipefitters Local 6 union planned to meet for
negotiations today in Rochester with the Minnesota Mechanical Contractors
Association, which is headquartered in St. Paul.

Steven Pettersen, executive vice president for MMCA, declined comment.

A request for comment from Local 6 officials wasn't returned Tuesday.

Local 6 represents workers in 13 southeastern Minnesota counties, including
Mower, Fillmore, Freeborn and Olmsted.

Pat Harty, president of Harty Mechanical in Austin, said the workers started the
strike mainly because of pay. About half of Harty Mechanical's 30- to 35-person
work force is on strike, he said.

Harty Mechanical is the justice-center project's contractor for plumbing, piping
and geothermal work. More than 50 percent of that work is done, Harty said.

"We don't think (the strike is) going to affect the overall schedule," said
Harty, who's on the negotiating committee.

Harty called the strike a "hurdle" but said it's being dealt with as well as
possible. He added that a strike is "very rare, especially during a
recession-type economy."

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091202-RC-Plumbers-strike-affects-new-jail-1202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 16, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Layoffs Due At Frito-Lay

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 218 words

DATELINE: PLANO, Tex., Sept. 15


Frito-Lay Inc., the nation's leading maker of potato chips and other salted
snacks, will announce layoffs on Monday that will hit its Dallas-area operations
hardest but will affect nearly all of the company's 250 manufacturing and
distribution centers in the United States.

The cuts are not expected to affect Frito-Lay's 10,000-member sales force or
production employees. The company's studies have focused on field managers and
headquarters employees.

The layoffs are part of a restructuring prompted by two internal studies, one
assisted by an outside consultant, which come as Frito-Lay, a unit of Pepsico
Inc., is facing increased pressure from competitors.

Analysts have said Frito-Lay may cut 300 to 450 jobs, resulting in an annual
savings of $20 million.

Business activity will virtually cease on Monday at its Plano headquarters and
Dallas administrative center, while employees meet with managers to discuss how
the restructuring will affect them, a spokeswoman said on Friday.

In early August, Frito-Lay offered at least eight weeks' severance pay to 3,000
management and administrative employees.

The company will disclose on Monday how many employees accepted the offer.

Next Tuesday, the centers will be open for employees leaving Frito-Lay to
receive job-hunting assistance.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 30, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Raynaud's sufferer looks for understanding, not sympathy

BYLINE: JODI FUSON, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: F; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 757 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


I know it's hard to understand

But my condition

It not only affects my feet and hands

Emotionally, I struggle

Knowing not everyone understands it.

I am not looking for sympathy...

But for a second...

Take my hand...

For a quick and painful journey.

- You see at times my fingers,

They rot and carry this odious stench.

Fingernails fall off

Also the flesh

Sometimes in class

People stare and say

"OOO, GROSS"

Shelby Public School senior Alexandra Wesely, 17, wrote these stanzas to
describe Raynaud's Phenomenon, with which she was diagnosed with in June 2003.
The painful circulatory disease primarily affects the hands and feet and usually
strikes older women.

Later in the poem, Alexandra captures her mental state while undergoing tests at
Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn., on her 16th birthday.

Full of hope, yet 16

And so scared

Can't even hide it.

By that time,

Sleep was not an option

Asking for a saw, a knife,

HURRY! I NEED SOMETHING!

I wanted to cut them off

It seemed to be my only answer.

Just a few months before, she had noticed a purple spot on one of her fingers
during track season. Alexandra was on a relay team, and eventually couldn't hold
on to the baton.

The small spot spread to other fingers, and eventually the flesh began to rot
and slough off.

After seeing arthritis and vascular doctors, she got a prescription for pain
killers to help her sleep  and started taking medication to  open up her blood
vessels to improve circulation.

At Mayo, she got a diagnosis and a $3,000 machine with  two pressure cuffs she
can attach to her calves or forearms. The treatment, designed to improve
circulation, seems to have helped some, she said.

But gone is basketball, track and cheerleading. Her feet tingle at times or,
worse, don't have any feeling at all, which keeps her from running track. Her
hands are often cold and purple, and she wears gloves all the time.

Cold weather and moisture add to her discomfort. She must wear rubber gloves in
the bath and wears extra layers of clothing and hats at other times to help her
retain warmth.

She cannot do such simple tasks as put up her hair, tie her shoes, zip and
button her clothes. At their worst, her fingers cramp up and she can't move
them. Even when they're warm, she said, she has little feeling in them.

"I don't feel," she said. "I don't know what I'm feeling."

She tests her bath water with her arms, not her fingers.

At school, Alexandra types most of her assignments. English teacher Becky Sheele
allows her to bring a laptop computer to class for language workshop activities.

As business manager for the yearbook staff, Alexandra uses a computer spread
sheet to keep track of  personal and business advertisements sold and yearbook
sales.

Sheele remembers how angry and defiant Alexandra was when first diagnosed and
said she has a better overall attitude now.

"What I observed, she went through quite a few different stages,"Sheele said.

"It reminds you of the grieving process and being angry and then coming to
accept it."

Alexandra shares where she's at in that process today toward the end of her
poem, which she will use in speech competition this spring.

But really deep down

This opportunity

As I call it

Rather than something that holds me back

Makes me appreciate life

And I do not allow myself to take things for granted

I had to grow up a lot faster than most

So a statement

I live by every day in my life:

Who needs hands and feet?

When you can have a heart as big as God created for me.

After seeing children with miscellaneous ailments at Mayo Clinic and working
with special-education students at her school, she knows it could be a lot
worse. As a special-education student aide, Alexandra works with a
seventh-grader with Down syndrome.

"I probably wouldn't get up out of bed if it weren't for her,"Alexandra said.

Special-education teacher Carol Downs will miss Alexandra when she graduates.

"She's been very good to them (special-education students), giving them a hug,
saying, 'Hi', making them feel important.

"She's added a lot with social skills and self-esteem for the special-needs
kids."

Alexandra is considering a career in special education. After attending
Southeast Community College for a year or two, she plans to move to a warmer
climate to make her condition more bearable.

Reach Jodi Fuson at 473-7211 or homeroom@journalstar.com.

FOR MORE INFORMATION

Alexandra Wesely's mother, Dawn Peetz, is creating a foundation called
"Alexandra's Hope - A Touch of Kindness" to offer information and eventually
raise money for research into Raynaud's Phenomenon. Contact Peetz at
dmpeetz@hotmail.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shelby Public School senior Alexandra Wesely, 17, suffers from
Raynaud's Phenomenon, a painful circulatory disease that primarily affects the
hands and feet. BECKY SCHEELE/Shelby Public School

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                   Colorado Farm Bureau Mutual Insurance Co.

                            9177 East Mineral Circle
                                Centennial 80112
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


CFB Mutual Insurance is a provider of life and non-life insurance products and
services. The company's broad product portfolio, strong top line performance and
partnership with IDT911 are the key strengths, even as its decline in cash
position and downgraded ratings remain areas of concern. In future, fluctuations
in interest rates, intense competition and natural calamities may affect the
company's business performance. However, rapidly aging population and life
expectancy in the US, growing economy in the US, increase in per capita annual
disposable income and growing insurance industry in the US are likely to present
new growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


PARTNERSHIP WITH IDT911


CFB Mutual Insurance's partnership with IDT911's enables the company to boost
trust among its customers against any security breach or data theft. The company
has partnership with IDT911, which is a leading data security solutions provider
in the US. IDT911 provides identity management; breach education, preparation,
response and remediation; fraud, credit and reputation monitoring; and cyber
security and data privacy consulting services. The partnership allows CFB Mutual
Insurance to assist policyholders, customers, members and employees in
safeguarding their identity and privacy. Such association and partnership helps
the company to retain and expand its existing customer base.

BROAD PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


Broad product portfolio helps CFB Mutual Insurance to serve a wide range of
customers. The company offers a wide range of life and non-life insurance
products and services. Its product portfolio includes auto insurance, property
insurance, term life insurance, health insurance, farm and ranch insurance and
commercial and business owner insurance. Such a wide range of product offerings
drives CFB Mutual Insurance's top-line performance.

STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE


The company had reported a strong top-line performance in FY2014. The revenue of
the company increased by 9%, from US$24,581.5 million in FY2013 to US$26,807.3
million in FY2014. The revenue of the company increased due to increase in
premium earned. The premium earned of the company increased by 11.8%, from US$
22,834 million in FY2013 to US$25,543.2 million in FY2014. Such strong top-line
performance will help the company to grow its overall financial performance.


WEAKNESSES:


DOWNGRADED RATINGS


CFB Mutual Insurance's downgraded credit ratings may negatively impact the
investors' sentiments, and in turn may have adverse ripple effects on attracting
further investments in the company. In 2015. the company's financial strength
rating was downgraded from B++ (Good) to B+ (Good) and the issuer credit rating
was downgraded from bbb to bbb- with a negative outlook by A.M. Best. The
ratings were downgraded due to unfavorable operating performance and unfavorable
capitalization trends. Decline in the credit ratings of the company may affect
the company's overall businesses, and in turn negatively impact its future
business growth objectives.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash ,cash
equivalents and other short term investments declined by 5.8%, from US$6,800.9
million in FY2013 to US$6,406 million in FY2014. Such decline in cash, cash
equivalents and short term investments may affect the working capital
requirement of the company which in turn may affect the company's business
operations.


OPPORTUNITIES:


INCREASE IN PER-CAPITA ANNUAL DISPOSABLE INCOME


Growing per-capita annual disposable income is likely to encourage people for
more spending and investments, which will enable the company to further enhance
its business in favorable market conditions. The demand for insurance products
is likely to grow on account of increase in per-capita annual disposable income,
which is expected to register a CAGR of 1.9% during 2014-2018 to reach US$2.7
trillion by 2018. The company IS well positioned to capitalize on the growing
demand for various insurance products and services.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The growing economy in the US is likely to provide new growth opportunities for
the company. According to International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate
of the US stood at 2.5% in 2015. It is expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Growing
housing and labor markets, improving dollar and ease of doing business are few
of the major key drivers for the growth of the US economy. The growth in the US
economy may result in higher demand for the company's financial products and
services. As a provider of banking and non-banking products and services, in the
US, the company is well placed to benefit from this.

GROWING INSURANCE INDUSTRY IN THE US


Growing insurance industry in the US will provide a significant growth
opportunity for the company. According to in-house report, the gross premium
written of the US insurance industry is expected to reach US$2.70 trillion in
2018. The gross premium written of life insurance and non-life insurance
segments are expected to reach US$731.6 billion and US$999.3 billion in 2018,
respectively. Increasing life expectancy, demographic changes, new pricing
model, surging house prices, improving employment and economic growth and strong
growth in auto industry are expected to be major drivers for the growth of
insurance industry. The company, a provider of life and non-life insurance
products in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

RAPIDLY AGING POPULATION AND LIFE EXPECTANCY IN THE US


Rapidly aging population and growing life expectancy may provide the company
with a significant growth opportunity. According to an in-house report the
people over the age of 65 in the US is expected to reach 51.2 million by 2018,
representing 15.5% of the total population. The average life expectancy is
expected to reach 79.3 years by 2018. Such significant demographic changes in
the US may provide the company with an opportunity to increase its sales of life
and non-life insurance products and services.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


CFB Mutual Insurance operates in a highly competitive insurance market of the
US, which may adversely affect its market share and profits. The company
competes with various life and non-life insurers based on the factors such as
premiums charged and other terms and conditions offered, products and services
provided, commission structure, financial ratings assigned by independent rating
agencies, speed of claims payment, reputation, selling effort and perceived
financial strength. Some of the major competitors of the company include
American General Life Insurance Company, Colorado Bank Life Insurance Company,
Insurance Services of Colorado Inc., Metropolitan Property and Casualty
Insurance Company and Prudential Financial Inc. Such intense competition is
likely to put the company's market position under stress and may keep revenues
under pressure.

NATURAL CALAMITIES


Natural calamities are likely to impact the overall insurance industry. The year
2015 witnessed a series of natural calamities in the US including, floods in
North and South Caroline in October 2015, cyclone in California in September
2015, and floods in Taxes and Oklahoma in May 2015. The unusual spurt in the
number and the size of these calamities presents numerous challenges for the
insurance industry. Natural calamities such as these give rise to uncertainty in
the loss estimation process and adversely impact the operators in the insurance
market. Such events may also adversely impact the company's performance, in the
event of the company failing to implement efficient underwriting practices and
reliable risk assessment methods.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the company's
investment income. Interest rates are highly sensitive to monetary policies of
government, domestic and international, economic and political conditions, and
other factors beyond its control. The company invests cash in new interest
bearing investments, which may yield lower than its portfolio's average rate of
return with decline in interest rates. A decrease in interest rates may also
result in buying longer-term or riskier assets in order to obtain adequate
investment yields leading in a duration gap when compared to the duration of
liabilities. An increase in interest rates may affect the value of its
investment portfolio by decreasing the fair values of the fixed maturity
securities. Therefore, a decrease in quality of investment portfolio with
changes in interest rates may cause realized losses on securities.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *








LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             July 7, 2004 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Buyout affects state workers

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; BRIEFCASE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 224 words


A Florida-based information technology company said Tuesday it has completed an
acquisition of a Virginia-based competitor in a $66 million buyout that will
affect about 125 workers in Oklahoma.

Harris Corp. of Melbourne, Fla., said it had completed a buyout of Orkand Corp.
on Friday.

That means when the 125 Orkand workers who provide technical services to the
U.S. Postal Service in Norman reported to work Tuesday, they were technically
Harris-Orkand workers, Harris spokesman Brent Dietz said.

Orkand will operate as a subsidiary to Harris Corp., the company said in a news
release.

In February, Orkand said it had won a $100 million contract to provide technical
support services to the Postal Service's field maintenance facility in Norman.
Dietz said the ownership change will not affect the work.

Acquisition completed

BROKEN ARROW -- XETA Technologies said it has reached a nonbinding agreement to
acquire Bluejack Systems LLC, a privately held Seattle- based supplier of
communications systems.

Bluejack Systems was founded in 2001 as a service and structured cable company.
In mid-2003, Bluejack Systems became a Nortel Networks Premium Partner and began
providing a full range of voice, data and cable network products and services to
small and medium-size businesses in the Puget Sound region.

XETA said the sale is expected to close in August.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

6 ways the proposed state budget deal could affect you

BYLINE: John Guerriero, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


Nov. 15--ERIE, Pa. -- After nearly 140 days, Pennsylvania still doesn't have a
fiscal-year budget. But negotiators have the framework for a deal that could be
approved before Thanksgiving.

First-term Gov. Tom Wolf didn't get everything he wanted, notably a tax on the
Marcellus Shale gas industry, at least for this year. And Republican leaders,
usually allergic to tax increases, have agreed to a state sales tax increase as
a way to fund property tax relief.

"This is a compromise budget," said Wolf's spokesman, Jeff Sheridan.

Many details must be worked out before the Republican-controlled House and
Senate vote on the spending plan that was supposed to take effect July 1.
Staff-level meetings between the governor's office and the Legislature to hammer
out details will continue this week, and lawmakers return to session on Monday
and might stay through Saturday.

Many rank-and-file lawmakers are taking a wait-and-see approach on the proposed
budget.

State Rep. Patrick Harkins, of Erie, D-1st., who's undecided on his vote because
he needs more information, said a deal could be approved as early as Nov. 23.

State Rep. Brad Roae, of East Mead Township, Crawford County, R-6th Dist., said
he, too, must see details before deciding. "Parts of it I'll probably vote for;
parts of it I'll probably vote against," he said.

About 30 different bills will make up the full budget, Roae said.

Based on what's known so far, here are six ways the proposed budget could affect
you:

1You would pay more at the cash register for some items because the state sales
tax would increase from 6 percent to 7.25 percent. It would rise to 8.25 percent
in Allegheny County, where it's now 7 percent, and to 9.25 percent in
Philadelphia, where it's now 8 percent.

The tax also would be expanded to include a few items not currently taxed. For
instance, digital downloads of music and other goods could be taxed, but nearly
everything else that the governor initially proposed for a sales tax expansion
-- including nursing home services -- would not be taxed. Food, clothing and
prescription drugs would continue to be exempt from the tax.

Wolf initially had proposed an increase to 6.6 percent.

2Your school property tax bill could go down because the estimated $2 billion
per year in revenue from the higher sales tax would go toward that tax
trade-off. But it's still not settled whether every property owner in the state
would qualify for a lower property tax bill, estimated to be about 15 percent.
"That's another moving piece as well: How is the money going to be distributed?"
Roae said.

Critics have said a higher sales tax would hurt the poor the hardest, and
low-income residents who don't own their homes wouldn't have the benefit of a
rent rebate.

3Public schools would get what the Wolf administration is calling a record
increase in aid -- $350 million in new money, or 6 percent, for instruction and
operations, though it's not the $400 million that Wolf sought initially. Even
so, the large increase in state funding was a centerpiece of his campaign and
his proposed budget. Also, the deal calls for another $50 million in special
education funding, and Wolf is fighting for another $50 million in
prekindergarten funding.

Harkins said that once the budget is approved, money will be pushed through
quickly to school districts, counties and nonprofits. Among others, that would
help the Erie School District, which had considered borrowing up to $47 million
until the recent breakthrough in budget talks.

But one potential problem for school districts, and possible relief for
taxpayers, would come if the Legislature insists as part of the budget deal on
requiring school districts to get voter approval for future tax increases. Wolf
opposes a voter referendum for every school district.

4Some of your gambling dollars from the slot machines at Presque Isle Downs &
Casino and the state's 11 other casinos would go toward paying down the unfunded
liability of the state's two public sector pensions, for teachers and state
workers. More than $600 million in annual slots revenue now goes toward property
tax relief.

Wolf also turned aside GOP attempts to entirely end the traditional pension
benefit for new employees. Instead, new public school and state government
employees would get a diminished traditional pension benefit, plus a new,
401(k)-style plan with a 2 percent employer contribution. Senate officials said
the plan would save the state $12.5 billion in the coming decades.

5Your state personal income tax rate would not go up. Wolf in March had pitched
an increase in the personal income tax from 3.07 to 3.7 percent, paired with a
smaller sales tax increase to 6.6 percent. But the deal calls for no increase in
the personal income tax.

6There could be changes in how you buy wine and liquor. House Republicans want
the state to relinquish control of wholesale and retail operations and license
private businesses to do it. But the governor wants to hire a private manager to
run the system and maintain state ownership.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

JOHN GUERRIERO can be reached at 870-1690 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNguerriero. Read GoErie.com/politics for more political coverage.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151115-EI-6-ways-the-proposed-state-budget-deal-could-affect
-you-1115-20151115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

CU-Boulder professor participating in $8.3M Gates Foundation malnutrition study

BYLINE: Mitchell Byars, Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


A University of Colorado professor will participate in a $8.3 million Bill and
Melinda Gates Foundation study to find new ways to treat malnutrition in infants
and children.


Rob Knight, a scientist at CU's BioFrontiers Institute, will work with a
research team that will include CU students from the Interdisciplinary
Quantitative Biology program. Knight said the study of the unique microbes in a
person's digestive system could help to find which bacteria could affect the way
a person's body processes food.



 "We're hoping to discover the basis for malnutrition," Knight said. "It's
extremely exciting, and has profound implications in how microbes affect human
health."

 Knight's team will be in charge of analyzing data from the study as well as
developing new technology for testing.

 The study, led by Dr. Jeffrey Gordon from Washington University School of
Medicine in St. Louis, seeks to understand how the "personalized" bacteria in a
person's intestines affects malnutrition in infants and children in ways that go
beyond a person's diet.

 Hundreds of strains of bacteria will be isolated from the intestines of
individual people and then cultivated in mice to see which strains are the most
critical in processing food.

 Scientists are hoping that by finding which particular microbes affect
malnutrition, new treatments could be created and distributed to countries with
rampant child malnutrition. Treatments could range from probiotics to certain
diets that could help to reverse severe malnutrition.

 Knight said the study could even result in new ways of treating other dietary
problems such as childhood obesity.

 "This study will have a significant impact on human health," he said. "It's
critically important and could provide a template for future studies."

CU professor Rob Knight

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CU professor Rob Knight

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Texas: TEXAS TECH FACULTY, STUDENTS, ALUMNI CONTRIBUTE TO GOOD HOUSEKEEPING'S
APRIL CLIMATE CHANGE COVERAGE

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas Tech University System, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:

As one of the world's leading authorities on climate change, Katharine Hayhoe
knows climate change is about more than just the long-term effects humans have
on the planet.

It affects every day life, in every corner of the earth and in every profession,
every business. The key is to find a way to communicate the importance of
climate change beyond the scientific realm to the areas of human existence that
it affects every day.

She's found an ally in one of the most unlikely places - Good Housekeeping
magazine.

The publication, with an estimated 25 million circulation that offers tips and
practices on improving everyday life, published a spread on climate change in
its April issue. The idea came about through a connection with Hayhoe and her
interdisciplinary graduate climate class in climate science and policy, which is
taught each fall.


Katharine Hayhoe

"It was a great experience for me to interact with Good Housekeeping and
contribute to figuring out how their readership values and interests interacted
with this issue," said Hayhoe, who is the director of the Climate Science Center
and an associate professor of political science at Texas Tech University.
"Climate change isn't just a green, tree-hugger issue. We care about climate
change because it affects many of the things we already care about. I loved
working with Good Housekeeping because they know what they really care about."

While on a visit to Lubbock, Hayhoe invited the editor of Good Housekeeping to
speak to her class. During the visit, Hayhoe had the class break into groups and
gave them the task of developing ideas for an issue of Good Housekeeping and
what they would want the magazine to do or say about the subject of climate
change, how it affects us as individuals and what we can do about it.

"The students came up with all kinds of out-of-the-box ideals during this
brainstorming session," Hayhoe said. "They talked about how climate change
affects us here in Texas and made sure there were practical tips people could
do. It was fun."

Another Texas Tech connection helped it all come to fruition. Although the
students' ideas did not go straight from the classroom to the magazine's pages,
they did provide the basis to start thinking about the April issue. To narrow
the focus of the magazine's coverage, Hayhoe worked with editor Tula Karras, a
Lubbock native whose grandfather, William P. Tucker, taught political science at
Texas Tech.


Page 101

Hayhoe also helped Karras connect with experts across the country who could
provide accurate information regarding what cites are doing to prepare for
climate change and how individual actions can help us save money and cut our
carbon footprint.

"It's one thing to talk about how the media could or should communicate climate
change," said Nicole Lee, one of the students in the class. "It's quite another
to actually have the editor-in-chief of Good Housekeeping in your class and be
able to implement those ideas."

It also gave Hayhoe an idea to do a similar project with the class every fall,
the hope being that the reach of climate change education expands beyond the
technical publications like National Geographic or Popular Science and finds its
way into more mainstream media. That is one of the areas the Climate Science
Center is working to bring the issue out of the scientific realm and into
everyday life.

One thing I loved about the class, and this activity in particular, was that it
helped us go beyond the science," Lee said, "and think about how climate change
impacts the things people really care about, like their family, health and
finances.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Texas: TEXAS TECH FACULTY, STUDENTS, ALUMNI CONTRIBUTE TO GOOD HOUSEKEEPING'S
APRIL CLIMATE CHANGE COVERAGE

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas Tech University System, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:

As one of the world's leading authorities on climate change, Katharine Hayhoe
knows climate change is about more than just the long-term effects humans have
on the planet.

It affects every day life, in every corner of the earth and in every profession,
every business. The key is to find a way to communicate the importance of
climate change beyond the scientific realm to the areas of human existence that
it affects every day.

She's found an ally in one of the most unlikely places - Good Housekeeping
magazine.

The publication, with an estimated 25 million circulation that offers tips and
practices on improving everyday life, published a spread on climate change in
its April issue. The idea came about through a connection with Hayhoe and her
interdisciplinary graduate climate class in climate science and policy, which is
taught each fall.


Katharine Hayhoe

"It was a great experience for me to interact with Good Housekeeping and
contribute to figuring out how their readership values and interests interacted
with this issue," said Hayhoe, who is the director of the Climate Science Center
and an associate professor of political science at Texas Tech University.
"Climate change isn't just a green, tree-hugger issue. We care about climate
change because it affects many of the things we already care about. I loved
working with Good Housekeeping because they know what they really care about."

While on a visit to Lubbock, Hayhoe invited the editor of Good Housekeeping to
speak to her class. During the visit, Hayhoe had the class break into groups and
gave them the task of developing ideas for an issue of Good Housekeeping and
what they would want the magazine to do or say about the subject of climate
change, how it affects us as individuals and what we can do about it.

"The students came up with all kinds of out-of-the-box ideals during this
brainstorming session," Hayhoe said. "They talked about how climate change
affects us here in Texas and made sure there were practical tips people could
do. It was fun."

Another Texas Tech connection helped it all come to fruition. Although the
students' ideas did not go straight from the classroom to the magazine's pages,
they did provide the basis to start thinking about the April issue. To narrow
the focus of the magazine's coverage, Hayhoe worked with editor Tula Karras, a
Lubbock native whose grandfather, William P. Tucker, taught political science at
Texas Tech.


Page 101

Hayhoe also helped Karras connect with experts across the country who could
provide accurate information regarding what cites are doing to prepare for
climate change and how individual actions can help us save money and cut our
carbon footprint.

"It's one thing to talk about how the media could or should communicate climate
change," said Nicole Lee, one of the students in the class. "It's quite another
to actually have the editor-in-chief of Good Housekeeping in your class and be
able to implement those ideas."

It also gave Hayhoe an idea to do a similar project with the class every fall,
the hope being that the reach of climate change education expands beyond the
technical publications like National Geographic or Popular Science and finds its
way into more mainstream media. That is one of the areas the Climate Science
Center is working to bring the issue out of the scientific realm and into
everyday life.

One thing I loved about the class, and this activity in particular, was that it
helped us go beyond the science," Lee said, "and think about how climate change
impacts the things people really care about, like their family, health and
finances.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Utah: Duration of Obesity May Affect Heart Disease

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


National Institutes of Health, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

How long a young adult is obese may affect that person's heart disease risk in
middle age, according to new research. The finding suggests that not only
preventing but also delaying the onset of obesity can help reduce heart disease
later in life.

Doctor using a stethoscope to examine an overweight African-American woman.

Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death nationwide for both men and
women. Many risk factors can be modified to help prevent or delay the disease.
However, heart disease develops slowly over time. It's often diagnosed after a
person has the signs or symptoms of a heart attack, heart failure or arrhythmia
(an irregular heartbeat). Before any warning signs appear--or are noticed--the
condition is called subclinical or "silent" heart disease.

Obesity is a known risk factor for heart disease. Past studies have linked both
body mass index (BMI)--a ratio of weight to height--and waist circumference to
heart disease risk. However, few studies have examined whether the duration of
obesity affects heart disease as well. A team led by Dr. Jared P. Reis of NIH's
National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI) set out to investigate.

The researchers collected and examined data from more than 3,200 Caucasian and
African-American young adults, 18-30 years old, who were enrolled in the
NHLBI-supported Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study
in the mid-1980s. The participants were recruited from Birmingham, Alabama;
Chicago; Minneapolis; and Oakland, California.

Every 2 to 5 years, the participants were examined to determine if and when they
became obese and how long they stayed obese. CT scans given at years 15, 20 or
25 determined the presence of coronary artery calcification--a subclinical sign
of heart disease. The findings were published on July 17, 2013, in the Journal
of the American Medical Association.

About 40% of participants became obese during the study. Over 38% of those who
were obese for more than 20 years developed coronary artery calcification. In
contrast, only about 25% of those who never became obese developed coronary
artery calcification. The scientists calculated that, independent of BMI or
waist circumference, each year that a young adult is obese raises that person's
risk of developing silent heart disease by 2-4%.

Obesity has become increasingly prevalent in the United States. People are
becoming obese at younger ages, and more than one-third of adults nationwide are
now obese. These findings suggest that current trends may have important
implications for heart disease.

"I think our findings really suggest that if we don't measure obesity duration
in addition to BMI and waist circumference, we may be underestimating the health
risks of obesity," Reis says.

For further information please visit: http://www.nih.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 27, 2017

                           TFS Financial Corporation

                               7007 Broadway Ave
                              Cleveland 44105-1441
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Third Federal offers a range of banking and financial products and services
based in the US. Strong capital adequacy ratio, controlling of operating costs,
broad product and service portfolio and strong financial performance are its key
strengths, even as its limited scale of operation and decrease in total deposits
remain major areas of concern. In future, fluctuations in interest rates,
changing regulations and intense competition may affect its business
performance. However, growing economy of the US, booming mortgage market in the
US and positive outlook for debit card payment channel in the US may provide
ample growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The bank's broad offerings provide an opportunity for it to meet various
consumer needs. The bank's product portfolio includes mortgage loans, TF
community mortgages, bridge loans, large loans, vacation home-purchase loans,
home equity loans, home equity credit, certificates of deposit, certificates of
deposit for retired customers, savings accounts, checking accounts and debit
cards. The bank's service portfolio includes investment management and advisory,
mobile banking, online banking services, ATM services and branch banking. Its
broad product and service portfolio enables the bank to cover diverse markets
and attract customers, boosting its revenues and market share.

CONTROLLING OF OPERATING COSTS


The bank focused on managing operating expenses during FY2015, which remains a
major strength. The bank reported a non-interest expense to average assets ratio
of 1.47% at the end of FY2015. In addition, its average assets per full-time
employee and average deposits per full-time employee were US$12.5 million and US
$8.4 million respectively. The bank also reduced the overhead costs of serving
deposit customers in branches. These measures indicate the bank's efficient
management of operating costs, positively impacting its overall financial
performance.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The bank recorded strong financial performance during FY2015, reflecting its
improved overall performance. The bank reported revenues of US$407.6 million in
FY2015, up by 2.8% on the US$396.5 million recorded in FY2014. The bank's
revenue increased primarily due to increased interest income, and net gains on
sales of loans. The bank reported interest income of US$383.4 million in FY2015,
up by 2.3% on the US$374.6 million reported in FY2014. The bank also reported a
net gain on sales of loans income of US$4.5 million in FY2015, compared to US$2
million in FY2014.The bank also reported growth in operating income and net
income. The bank reported operating income of US$109.3 million in FY2015, up by
10.6% on the US$98.8 million reported in FY2014. The rise was primarily a result
of a 9.2% decrease in the bank's state franchise tax from US$6.5 million in
FY2014 to US$5.9 million in FY2015. The bank reported net income of US$72.5
million in FY2015, a 10.1% rise on the US$65.8 million reported in FY2014.
Strong growth in revenue and incomes helps the bank to pursue its growth plans.

STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIO


A strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements for its risk-weighted assets, and to address stress tests conducted
by federal banking agencies. Good capital management has enabled the bank to
strengthen its capital position. The bank was required to maintain a minimum
total risk-based capital ratio of 8%; it reported a total risk-based capital
ratio of 22.9% during FY2015, meeting the regulatory requirements. The bank's
prudent management strengthened its capital, enabling it to withstand periods of
stress.


WEAKNESSES:


DECREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


The bank recorded a decrease in total deposits in FY2015, which may affect its
financial position in coming years. The bank reported total deposits of US$8.4
billion in FY2015, compared to US$8.8 billion in FY2014, representing a 4.1%
decline. This may affect the bank's financial strength and capitalization.

LIMITED SCALE OF OPERATIONS


A limited scale of operations compared to competitors may be a concern for the
bank. Third Federal has fewer branches than competitors such as Seacoast
National Bank and American Savings Bank, putting it at a disadvantage. As of
December 31, 2015, Seacoast National Bank operated 49 branches, and American
Savings Bank operated 57; Third Federal had just 38.Its limited operating scale
may put the bank at risk, as any adverse political, economic or climatic
developments in the region could adversely impact operations. It also restricts
its market share and limits growth options.


OPPORTUNITIES:


GROWING ECONOMY OF THE US


The growing US economy is likely to provide new growth opportunities for the
bank. According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the US GDP growth rate
was 2.7% in 2014; it is expected to reach 2.8% in 2016. Recovery in the US
economy may result in increased demand for the bank's products and services.

POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR DEBIT CARD PAYMENT CHANNEL IN THE US


The bank stands to benefit from the growing debit cards payment channel in the
US. According to in-house research, the number of debit cards in circulation is
expected to reach 1.4 billion in 2019. The total volume of cards is expected to
reach 107 billion in 2019, and the transaction value is expected to reach US$7.1
trillion. The number of debit cards in circulation is expected to reach 797.7
million in 2019; in terms of transaction volume, debit cards are expected to
reach 72.7 million, with US$3.5 trillion in transaction value in 2019. With the
market recovering from recession, changing regulations and rises in alternate
payment instruments are expected to be the key growth drivers for card payments.
The bank provides debit cards in the US, and is well placed to benefit from
this.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


BA booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to the
bank. The US is the world's most active mortgage market, and is expected to
register substantial growth. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association
(MBA), commercial and multi-family mortgage originations are expected to reach
US$1.3 trillion in 2016. This is likely to enhance demand for the mortgage
products and services offered by the bank, driving its top-line performance.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect the company's book value.
The company's investment portfolio contains interest rate-sensitive investments
such as municipal and corporate bonds, and rising market interest rates may
decrease unrealized capital gains on fixed-income securities. Interest rates are
highly sensitive to government monetary policy, international economic and
political conditions, and other factors beyond the bank's control. Focus on
crisis-exit strategies and changing monetary policy are expected to increase
interest rates worldwide; Australia and Norway have already raised rates.
Volatility in interest rates may impact the company's operating performance, as
its income and investment returns depend on interest rates.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various government and regulatory
authorities in the US. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, its results and financing
requirements. Possible changes include statutory pension arrangements and
policies, regulation of selling practices, and solvency requirements, which may
negatively impact the company's growth and expansion strategies.

INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect the company's market share and profitability. The
company faces competition from local and international financial corporations.
It competes on various factors including products and services, distribution
network, ratings, financial stability, solvency margin, and brand image. Major
competitors include Park View Federal Savings Bank, American Savings Bank, Union
Savings and Loan Association, Union Savings Bank and Seacoast National Bank.
Such intense competition may affect the company's market position.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      June 26, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

Science Notebook

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A09; SCIENCE

LENGTH: 861 words



Sonar Affects Whales' Singing


Marine scientists have become increasingly concerned that noise generated by
humans under the sea may be harming whales and other marine mammals. Now, new
research indicates that sonar can affect the mating songs of humpback whales.

During their breeding season, male humpbacks "sing" long complex songs that are
thought to be designed to attract females. The songs "consist of a series of
themes, progressing in a predictable order, that may repeat for several hours,"
according to a team of researchers at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution
in Massachusetts that conducted the new research.

Using a small research vessel and an underwater microphone, the researchers
recorded the singing of 16 humpbacks as a nearby Navy vessel broadcast
low-frequency sonar at relatively low power. The Navy is testing the sonar as a
more accurate way to detect submarines.

On average, the humpback songs were 29 percent longer during the sonar
broadcasts and returned to normal when the broadcasts stopped, the researchers
reported in the June 22 issue of Nature.

"As the song of these whales is associated with reproduction, widespread
alteration of their singing behavior might affect demographic parameters, or it
could represent a strategy to compensate for interference from the sonar," the
researchers wrote.


A Pug-Nosed Ancient Crocodile


Fossil hunters have found the remains of a previously unknown extinct
"pug-nosed" crocodile.

Gregory A. Buckley of Roosevelt University in Chicago and colleagues uncovered
in northwestern Madagascar the "exquisitely preserved specimen," which dates
back about 97 million to 65 million years, according to a report in the June 22
issue of Nature.

The creature, dubbed Simosuchus clarki from the Greek simos for pug-nosed and
the Egyptian crocodile-headed god souchos, had a short, stubby snout and
cloven-shaped teeth that suggest it was a plant-eater.

In some ways, the creature is similar to another species found in Uruguay,
supporting the hypothesis that Madagascar and South America were once connected,
the researchers said.


Finding Sugar in the Milky Way


Astronomers have for the first time found sugar in space.

Working with a 12-meter telescope atop Kitt Peak in Arizona in May, the
astronomers detected radio signals that are a signature for the presence of a
type of sugar molecule known as glycolaldehyde in a giant cloud of gas and dust
about 26,000 light-years away near the center of our Milky Way galaxy.

Such clouds are the material from which new stars are formed. Glycolaldehyde, a
chemical cousin of table sugar, can combine with other molecules to form more
complex sugars, such as ribose, which is a basic building block of DNA.

"The discovery of this sugar molecule in a cloud from which new stars are
forming means it is increasingly likely that the chemical precursors of life are
formed in such clouds long before planets develop around the stars," Jan M.
Hollis of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt said in a statement.


Psychological Health and Age


Although many things deteriorate with age, emotional well-being is not
necessarily one of them. In fact, new research suggests the opposite may be
true.

Constance J. Jones of California State University at Fresno and William Meredith
of the University of California at Berkeley examined 236 men and women involved
in an ongoing study of psychological health over time. The participants
underwent detailed interviews at ages 14, 18, 30, 40, 50 and 62.

Overall, psychological well-being tended to improve with age. Although those who
were most well-adjusted in adolescence tended to go on to be the most
well-adjusted adults, the researchers found that even those who had a troubled
adolescence tended to improve with age.

"Our broad, clinically oriented measure of psychological health, examined across
a period of nearly 50 years, indicates that as our 236 men and women made their
way through life (certainly not lacking challenges and difficult times, despite
their general intelligence and stability), they became slowly more
psychologically healthy," the researchers report in the June issue of the
journal Psychology and Aging.


Turning Feathers Into Fiber


Agriculture Department scientists have developed a new process for converting
millions of pounds of chicken feathers into fiber using technology pioneered in
the aftermath of the Iran hostage crisis.

Team leader Walter F. Schmidt said the most difficult task was to find a way to
separate fiber from quills. The solution was the "high-performance shredder"
developed in the 1980s to make a cut thin enough to prevent shredded documents
from being pasted back together, as they were by militants at the U.S. Embassy
in Iran during the 1980-81 hostage crisis.

Chicken farms generate 4 billion pounds of feathers per year. Half is fiber,
enough for 25 percent of the diapers produced in the United States. Other
end-products could include paper, wipes, air filters, clothing and insulation.

What about the quills?

"We're working on that," Schmidt said.



LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 19, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

This Bill Shouldn't Fly

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. B08; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 407 words


Legislation is pending before the Senate that would alter the long-standing slot
and perimeter rules for Ronald Reagan National Airport. The Metropolitan
Washington Council of Governments is urging lawmakers to defeat this bill, and
its position is unwavering, bipartisan and unanimous.

The slot and perimeter rules are important operational tools that benefit both
air passengers and the environment. The perimeter rule requires all scheduled
airline flights from Reagan National to land within 1,250 miles; the slot rule
limits the number of daily flights to and from the airport.

Sen. John McCain's bill would add 48 slots at Reagan National and remove the
perimeter rule, which would have a negative effect on the quality of life in the
region. For example, the bill would:


Overturn practices that help ensure safety and mitigate adverse environmental
impacts such as noise and air pollution.


Affect safety, notwithstanding the Federal Aviation Administration's (FAA)
assertions to the contrary. The flight paths to and from Reagan National's two
main runways are difficult, and the region's airways already are congested.


Upset the economic balance this area has struck between Reagan National and
Dulles and also affect service patterns at Baltimore-Washington International
Airport. The present economic balance provides excellent air service between the
nation's capital and both small and large domestic markets.


Eliminate the perimeter rule, which likely would result in curtailed flights to
important smaller economic markets within the perimeter.


Affect long-range planning and development at Dulles.


Congress delegated management responsibilities of Reagan National and Dulles to
the Washington Metropolitan Airports Authority more than 10 years ago. Since
that time, with minimal federal oversight, these airports have provided
exceptional national and international air service. Federal legislation altering
the existing slot and perimeter rules at Reagan National is unnecessary and
violates the spirit of regional authority. Congress should respect our region's
local governments and the values that have been central to the Washington
metropolitan region's planned growth.

-- Barbara Favola

chairs the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments' Committee on Noise
Abatement at Reagan National and Dulles Airports and is vice chairman of the
Arlington County Board.



LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                                  BNC Bancorp

                               3980 Premier Drive
                             High Point,  NC 27265
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


BNC Bancorp is banking and financial company offering personal and business
banking and investment products and services in the US. The company's broad
product and service portfolio, strong financial performance and increase in
total deposits are its major strengths, even as its limited scale of operations
remain an area of concern. In future, changing regulations, intense competition
and fluctuations in interest rates may affect its business performance. However,
growing economy in the US, booming mortgage market in the US and growing US
cards and payments market may offer ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


Strong financial performance boosts investors' confidence. The company
registered a strong financial performance in FY2015. The company reported
revenues of US$230.9 million during FY2015, with an annual growth of 26.1% over
that of FY2014. The increase in the company's revenues was primarily due to
25.5% increase in its interest income in FY2015. The company also recorded a
strong growth in operating and net income during FY2015. The operating income of
the company was US$63.2 million during FY2015, representing an annual increase
of 59% over that of FY2014. The company's net income stood at US$44.5million in
FY2015, representing an annual increase of 51.2% over that of FY2014. Strong
financial performance showcases its strong position in the market places and its
strong operational performance.

INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increase in total deposits of the company reflects strong customer sentiments
and better returns on cash deposits. BNC has exhibited increase in its total
deposits during FY2015. The company reported total deposits of US$4,742.2
million during FY2015, with an annual growth of 39.6% over that of FY2014. The
increase in deposits is primarily due to the company's acquisitions and increase
in its wholesale deposits, which represented 27.5% of company's total deposits
in FY2015. Such increase in total deposits strengthens the company's financial
position and expands its lending capabilities.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad portfolio of product and service is a major strength. BNC
provides a range of retail banking and commercial banking products and services
to individuals, and small and medium size business. Its portfolio of products
includes checking accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, debit
cards, credit cards, and certificates of deposit. The company also offers
mortgage loans, personal loans, automobile loans, boat loans, construction
loans, mobile home loans, real estate loans, line of credit, terms loans,
commercial loans, consumer loans, property loans, industrial loans, business
loans, equipment loans and working capital loans. In addition, it offers estate
planning, financial planning, asset management, merchant services, advisory
services, leasing services, retirement planning, direct deposit services, safe
deposit box services, overdraft protection services, and online banking
services. Such broad product and service portfolio enables the company to retain
and expand its existing customer base, in turn driving its top-line performance.



WEAKNESSES:


LIMITED SCALE OF OPERATIONS


Limited scale of operations compared with competitors may be a concern for the
company. Operations of BNC are limited as compared with its competitors
operating in the US. Companies such as Union First Market Bankshares Corporation
and Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. have wide geographic operations compared to
BNC. For instance, Union First Market Bankshares Corporation operates through
about 124 branch offices and more than 100 ATMS throughout Virginia, including
Northern Virginia, Fredericksburg, Charlottesville, Roanoke, Southwest Virginia,
Hampton Roads and Richmond areas. In addition, Community Trust Bancorp, Inc.,
offers its products and services through a network of 70 banking offices in
Kentucky, six banking offices in southern West Virginia, and four banking
offices in Tennessee. Contrary to this, BNC offers its products and services
through 36 branch offices in North Carolina, 17 in South Carolina and nine in
Virginia. Limited operating scale presence puts the company at a risk as any
adverse development in the political, economic or climatic environment of the
region might have an adverse impact on its business. It also restricts its
market share and limits growth options. Therefore, limited operations compared
with its competitors may put competitive pressure on the company's operations,
whilst limiting the revenue sources for company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. The company, a provider of debit and
credit cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET IN THE US


Booming Mortgage Market in the US Booming mortgage market in the US offers
significant opportunities to the company. According to the Mortgage Bankers
Association (MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are
expected to reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. The forecast are on the back of the
fact that the US economy continues on its current path of stronger growth, job
gains and declining unemployment. This is likely to enhance the demand for
mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. . According to
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at 2.4%
in 2015. It is expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. The growth will be primarily
driven by continued recovery in the US economy, improving of business activities
and growing economy in Europe and Asia. The growth in the US economy may result
in higher demand for the company's financial products. As a provider of
financial products and services in the US, the company is well positioned to
benefit from the growing economy.


THREATS:


INTENSE COMPETITION


Intense competition may affect the market share and profitability of the
company. The company faces competition from regional banks, national banks,
savings and loan associations, brokerage firms, credit unions, finance
companies, insurance companies, financial intermediaries and internet banks. It
competes with its competitors based on various factors including products and
services, distribution network, ratings, financial stability and brand image.
Some of its major competitors include First Community Bancshares, Inc., Private
Bancorp, Inc., Union Bankshares Corporation, First Reliance Bank and Arthur
State Bank. Such intense competition may affect the BNC market position.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including bank's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, the changes in government policies and regulations may have
a negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Local officials gather in D.C. for meetings on steel industry

BYLINE: Lana Bellamy, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 794 words


Dec. 09--ASHLAND -- Several community leaders embarked on a two-day visit to
Washington in an effort to stymie or prevent layoffs at AK Steel Ashland Works.

But after meetings were all said and done, they realized Ashland is not alone in
its fight to save jobs affected by trade practices known as "steel dumping."

Ashland City Manager Ben Bitter, Mayor Chuck Charles, Economic Development
Director Chris Pullem, Commissioner Amanda Clark and Ashland Alliance President
Tim Gibbs attended meetings of the U.S. Department of Commerce and the
International Trade Association. While there, they also met with several elected
officials, such as Ohio Rep. Bill Johnson, Illinois Rep. Mike Bost, Illinois
Sen. Dick Durbin and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and Kentucky's 5th District
Congressman Hal Rogers.

"I think the biggest thing coming out of it was that we made some progress, but
I think meeting with everybody we met with we were able to not only say what
happened to us, but made a collective voice that we have to do something for the
steel industry," Clark said.

She said this is a very important issue for Ashland, but they realize it's "much
bigger than us."

"It's an international economic issue," she said.

Charles explained the Ashland leaders met with part of the delegation
representing a community in Granite City, Illinois, that also received a similar
layoff notice to that which was recently issued at AK Steel. The company there
plans to lay off 2,000 steel workers.

"What we're trying to do is build a message that first and foremost for us,
focuses on Ashland, Ky., and northeast Kentucky, but also the whole nation,"
Gibbs said. "The steel industry of the nation is truly at risk."

Charles said the officials took a "multi-pronged approach" to their meetings in
that they wanted to convey just how "devastating" mass layoffs would be for the
economy in Ashland, but also wanted to express the potential affects to the
local coal mining industry, truck drivers, businesses, CSX and others that
benefit from the mill's operations.

He said a person affiliated with the International Trade Administration told him
at a meeting the localized perspective of how changes to the industry directly
affect communities is appreciated.

"One of the people at the ITA said they deal with the numbers and are constantly
crunching numbers and sometimes lose touch with how it truly affects local
communities. They said they loved how we were able to put a face to it with our
community and explaining how exactly it affects individual communities," Charles
said.

Pullem said the group is confident their ongoing discussion with the
International Trade Administration and International Trade Commission has left a
mark.

"We feel confident that the ITA and ITC will see that steel dumping is causing
injury to our steel manufacturers and will take action to provide a remedy," he
said, adding those determinations should be announced at some point between Dec.
15 and Jan. 8.

Paul met with Charles and Rep. Kevin Sinnette in a visit to Washington to
discuss AK Steel's challenges weeks ago. He met with community leaders during a
recent town hall visit in Ashland and had his staff go to some of the meetings
Ashland leaders attended over the past two days.

Paul has also written a letter to the secretary of the DOC asking that a ruling
concerning steel dumping be expedited to stay ahead of the expected temporary
layoffs of about 800 workers at AK Steel Ashland Works that could occur between
Dec. 16 and Dec. 30.

All officials agreed after their Washington visit Tuesday the administration and
elected officials in the capital were engaged and willing to help.

But even if everyone is on board with the ideas of changing trade practices
within the steel industry, it boils down to AK Steel making the business
decision of whether or not to stay open, Bitter said.

"It comes back to AK Steel's decision whether or not they will idle (the blast
furnace) or if they don't, and how long it would last," Bitter said, adding it
is worth it to consider the complexity of how an international macroeconomic
issue coalesces with the business environment.

Bitter said now is a more important time than ever for the community to bond
together in its fight to ensure the jobs do not disappear at the mill.

"It's been a full community effort," Bitter said. "And while us five were the
five that went to DC this time, it certainly was a united front from commission
to staff. Everybody was onboard and willing to fight as much as possible to
ensure one, five, 10 jobs have an extra day."

(606) 326-2653 -- lbellamy@dailyindependent.com

___ (c)2015 The Daily Independent (Ashland, Ky.) Visit The Daily Independent
(Ashland, Ky.) at www.dailyindependent.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151209-KA-Local-officials-gather-in-D-C-for-meetings-on-steel-industry-1209-20
151209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2015 The Daily Independent


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          September 09, 1999, Thursday

Disputes may affect health care

BYLINE: GEOFF DOUGHERTY

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 768 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY



Changes at Blue Cross and Blue Shield could affect some Pasco Medicare
enrollees.

A contract disagreement between two Columbia medical centers and Blue Cross and
Blue Shield of Florida's Medicare health maintenance organization could leave
10,000 elderly west Pasco residents with only one area hospital to use.

A similar disagreement with the physicians in the plan, known as Medicare &
More, may mean some also will lose access to their family doctors.

The changes at Blue Cross, which take place Nov. 1, affect more than 10 percent
of the county's Medicare enrollees.

Officials with Blue Cross and the plan's new physicians group on Wednesday said
they expect most patients will be able to continue seeing their current doctors.
The new group, Delta Medical Care Management, said it expects to sign up nearly
all of the doctors who belonged to Premier Providers Network, the old physicians
group.

However, Blue Cross' Central Florida vice president, Pete Burchett, said the new
group includes a third of the physicians who now care for Medicare & More
members.

A memo on Premier's letterhead, which was faxed anonymously to the Times, said
doctors at Premier were in the process of deciding to affiliate with the new
group.

"Only your existing physician can tell you for sure," the memo said.

It's unclear what effect the hospital disagreement might have on Medicare & More
members.

The two hospitals involved, Regional Medical Center Bayonet Point and Community
Hospital ofNew Port Richey, have withdrawn from the HMO, said Bayonet Point
spokesman Chris Hyers.

That leaves North Bay Hospital in New Port Richey as the sole hospital in the
network.

Hyers said many doctors who  serve Medicare & More patients do not practice at
North Bay, raising the question of whether those doctors will have to secure
admitting privileges there or come up with another  arrangement when  patients
need hospitalization.

Another issue: Bayonet Point is a major heart-surgery center, meaning that
patients may have to go to hospitals in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties for
that service or obtain authorization for an out-of-network hospital stay.

Hyers said the two hospitals backed out of Medicare & More because of their
close relationship with the Premier physicians. Many of those doctors practice
on Columbia's Bayonet Point campus, he said, and referred patients to the
hospital.

Burchett said Blue Cross is working to reinstate ties with the Columbia
hospitals and hopes to have that accomplished by the time the current contract
ends.

If that effort fails, Burchett said, patients still will have access to the care
they need.

"There are other hospitals in the Tampa area, as well," he said.

He would not comment on the reasons behind Blue Cross' disagreement with the
hospitals and the Premier physicians.

"That's really between Premier and us," Burchett said.

Blue Cross is working to make the changes without disrupting patient care, he
added.

Dr. Richard Miller, Premier's chairman, said Blue Cross  walked away from the
negotiating table. The physicians group  reviewed a contract proposal from Blue
Cross, Miller said, and returned it with some suggested changes. Shortly
thereafter, Miller said, Blue Cross took its business to Delta.

At issue was the amount of liability the Premier physicians would be exposed to
for medical expenses that went beyond the expected costs of caring for the
group's patients,  Miller said.

Delta vice president John Woods said that issue shouldn't become a factor in
recruiting Premier doctors to the new group.

Delta assumes much of that liability for its physicians, he said.

"We've offered an invitation to every doctor that's been a part of that
(Medicare & More) program," Woods said. "There's really no reason why they
wouldn't want to accept."

In fact, Burchett said there may be powerful incentives for Premier's physicians
to join the new group and stay with Blue Cross. Among them are Blue Cross'
market share and long-term presence in the state.

"The fact is that we're Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida," he said. "This
is our state and our market."

As for the patients, Woods said recruiting most of the Premier doctors would
result in a  plan so similar to the current one that many probably wouldn't
notice the difference.

Members of the HMO have yet to be notified of the changes.

"I don't think the patients have the slightest idea what is going on," Miller
said.

- Staff writer Geoff Dougherty can be reached at 869-6247 or (800) 333-7505,
ext. 6247. His e-mail address is geoff@sptimes.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES; METRO & STATE

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                August 2, 1998, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Rookie GM LaMar learns trade secrets of July deadline

BYLINE: MARC TOPKIN

SECTION: SPORTS; DEVIL RAYS EXTRA: THE SUNDAY REPORT; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 1027 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



They didn't acquire any players, but the Devil Rays say they came out ahead  by
living and working through the July 31 trading deadline.

Chuck LaMar, going through it for the first time as a general manager,  learned
about the intricacies of the process. The organization learned methods  of
communication and evaluation that will pay off in future Julys.

The Rays learned there was considerable interest in their players - they  got
calls on about a dozen, including  Rolando Arrojo - and found there was  much
more  interest in younger Rays than big-name veterans.

"I think the fans and players alike will be extremely surprised at how  much
interest our young players received and the lack of interest in some of  our
high-profile veteran players," LaMar said.

That might sound surprising but really isn't. Middle relievers  Albie  Lopez,
Jim Mecir and  Esteban Yan appeal to teams because of their high  performance
and low salaries. Despite his 3-9 record,  Tony Saunders, a young  lefty with
good stuff, was surely brought up by a number of teams.  Miguel  Cairo likely
had appeal to a team needing help at second. And no Rays veterans  have played,
or pitched, well enough to draw much interest.

Perhaps more than anything else, LaMar hopes there was a lesson for the
players, that they realize that trade speculation is part of the game and they
can't let it affect their play.

"One concern I had, very candidly, was that I had heard comments by our  players
about the distraction of the July 31 deadline, and I think as an  organization
and as professionals we have to be very careful of that," LaMar  said. "Does
that mean that next July and the following July we're going to go  through the
same thing?"

LaMar acknowledges that it's only natural for a player to wonder about his
future, especially if he likes it in Tampa Bay. But LaMar is adamant that  those
concerns not be taken onto the field.

"It's something that can not affect our performance and if it did affect  our
performance this July, it can not happen in future Julys," LaMar said.

LaMar declined to specify individual players. Closer  Roberto Hernandez  was
most outspoken about his concerns and had a rough month, but said  unequivocally
the speculation did not affect his pitching. "What happens  outside the field I
can't control," Hernandez said. "I can only control what  I do on the field."

  Manager  Larry Rothschild said he didn't think the trade speculation was  "a
major issue" among players. But, he said, "I think it impacted certain  guys. We
tried to clarify it as much as we could. If it affected them on the  field,
well, it (the speculation) happens every year."

Overall, LaMar said the trade process will benefit the Rays next season. A
number of veterans will be in the final year of their contracts and fall into
the "rent-a-player" category that contending teams are looking for, making  it
more likely the Rays will be making deals.

"Next July it will go more from fun to business," LaMar said. "We went  into
this year not having to make a trade. The Julys to come will take on a  new
air."

 4-IN-1 K: Before Oakland's  Blake Stein became the 29th major-leaguer to
strike out four batters in an inning against the Rays on Monday, the last
pitcher to do so was  Wilson Alvarez. Pitching for Chicago last July 21,
Alvarez struck out four Tigers ( Tony Clark,  Phil  Nevin,  Melvin Nieves and
Orlando Miller) in a 3-0 win. "I don't even remember it happened," Alvarez
said. "After the inning somebody said, "You struck out four' and I said, "Oh
really?' It's hard enough to strike out three."

NICE CROWD:  Wade Boggs is a terrific professional but is having a hard  time
hiding the boyish enthusiasm as he climbs the all-time hit list. He  passed
Babe Ruth and  Mel Ott last week, and  Frankie Frisch is coming up.  "The
company I'm in right now is pretty elite, and it is going to be from  here on
out to 3,000," Boggs said. "I still have one name I really want to  catch, and
that's ( Roberto)  Clemente. That's the magic name." Clemente  had  3,000 hits.

PITCHING IN: Wives of the players, coaches and trainers are conducting a
charity raffle of autographed items for a good reason: They wanted to lend a
hand in the area. "We just felt like the wives needed to come together and do
something for the community," said Brooke Stocker, who, with  Allyn Flaherty,
is organizing the effort. The wives will sell tickets (the first 5,000 are
signed by a player or coach) for $ 5 in the stadium rotunda at home games (from

 one hour before the game through the third inning). Tickets are also available

 at the West Shore Plaza team store and the stadium team store on non-game
days. Boggs and  Fred McGriff bats, an Arrojo ball, a signed jersey and a
handmade quilt will be given away Sept. 17. Proceeds will benefit CASA, the
Center Against Spousal Abuse.

BABY RAYS: LaMar is in the midst of an extended tour of minor-league  affiliates
and has been relatively pleased with what he has seen. He was  especially
impressed with the rookie-level Gulf Coast League team, which was  stocked
mostly from the June draft in which the Rays didn't have picks in the  top three
rounds. "(Scouting director)  Dan Jennings and his staff did a fine  job under
the circumstances," LaMar said.

MORE CHARITY: The team and J.C. Newman Cigar Co. will hold a charity smoker
following the Aug. 23 game at the stadium cigar bar. The $ 75 tickets include a

 lower deck seat, food, beverages and cigars at the smoker and the chance to
meet several players and coaches. Proceeds will benefit Big Brothers/Big
Sisters of Greater Tampa Bay and the team's Rays of Hope Foundation.

HOO-RAYS: A set of 30 Rays baseball cards will be given to all fans at the  Aug.
9 game against Cleveland.  ...  C  Tim Laker, put on waivers by the Rays  in
June, signed with the Pirates and was assigned to Triple-A Nashville.  ...
Reliever  Eddie Galliard, a former Tiger, is making slow progress in his
recovery from shoulder problems.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Detroit Tigers outfielder Bob Higginson (ran p.
12C)

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Multiple approaches to chronic pain care

BYLINE: Susan Spencer, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A,9,3

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: Worcester, MA


Dr. Stephen T. Earls, medical director of Barre Family Health Center and a
family physician, said that opioid-seeking has exploded over the last 20 years,
not just in his UMass Memorial Health Care-affiliated clinic, but everywhere.

"The period of time in which it's exploded happens to be a period of time in
which the Joint Commission made pain the fifth vital sign and tried to make the
medical community aware of the importance of adequately treating pain," he said.

The other four vital signs are blood pressure, pulse, respiration and
temperature.

Pain might be noted on a subjective scale of 1 to 10, but health care providers
aren't always sure of the best way to treat it.

Patients with chronic pain make up roughly five to 10 percent of the practice,
Dr. Earls said. But they have more visits per patient than those without pain.

Clinicians have to weigh the benefits and risks of prescribing painkillers when
they see someone with pain.

"Chronic pain is a multifactorial problem and I think it affects relationships,
it affects families, it affects one's ability to earn a livelihood, it affects
one's ability to function in society," he said. "But the danger in treating
chronic pain sometimes with opioids is you sometimes end up with a patient with
chronic pain and opioid abuse disorder. Like any addiction, opioid addiction can
be very destructive to relationships, to one's life."

The health center makes a contract with any patient who is using chronic
controlled substances, holding the patient accountable, but also holding the
health center accountable for what each can expect from the other.

As a family medicine training site, Barre Family Health Center offers a range of
ways to treat pain, including osteopathic manipulation, physical therapy,
exercise, nutrition and alternative medical therapies.

But chronic pain, like chronic hypertension, is a condition that can be
controlled but not cured, Dr. Earls said.

For those who are addicted to painkillers or heroin, five providers at the
clinic are trained to provide Suboxone, an opiate blocker that helps people get
off the abused drug and participate in recovery. Dr. Earls said others need a
higher level of treatment with methadone, which isn't available in rural Central
Massachusetts.

Making the daily trek to Worcester or Fitchburg is difficult for many. "When
you're initiating treatment and their life is falling apart, and you say you
need to drive to Worcester every day, the answer you get is, 'I can't even
afford to put gas in my car to do that,' " he said.

At UMass Memorial Medical Center's pain clinic in Worcester, Dr. M. Richard
Pavao, an assistant professor of anesthesiology at University of Massachusetts
Medical School, and another physician evaluate patients for chronic or acute
pain and develop plans for managing the condition.

"We do not prescribe opioids," Dr. Pavao said, although the clinic sees patients
who have been taking them.

"Fundamentally our goal is to try to use a multidisciplinary approach to
treating these folks. Very seldom when one has a chronic painful condition is
one single entity going to completely solve the problem," he said, reiterating
that there wasn't a cure.

"So really providing education to the patients regarding that level of
expectation is crucial. And dealing with that early on ... what to expect of
what treatment options are available, what else can be done to help optimize
their symptoms and their function.

"And our endpoint is to improve quality of life and improve overall function, as
well as optimize pain control," he said.

Dr. Pavao might prescribe physical therapy; try steroid-based injections; or use
radiofrequency ablation for chronic back and neck pain, as some examples.
Relaxation and cognitive behavioral therapies can help patients cope with the
psychological component of pain.

There are very simple approaches to talk to patients about, too, including how
to use ibuprofen and acetaminophen most effectively.

"I think the reason why they're getting referred to me instead of getting a
prescription is, more and more of our colleagues are learning more about
opiates, and the downside and risks associated with them," Dr. Pavao said.

"As we learn more about chronic pain and painful conditions and opiate use,
abuse and what not, I think more clinicians are seeing that outcomes are better
when we use a multimodal approach that's more active-based versus providing a
prescription and sending patients off without any real support systems."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IN PHOTO: Dr. Stephen Earls, medical director at Barre Family Health
Center with at bottom, Karyn George, RN, and (not visible Kyleen Roman, MA)
during their daily huddle.T&G STAFF/CHRISTINE PETERSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Register Today for Texas Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. Will you and your staff
be ready?





 Join your colleagues in Houston or Dallas for the next Compliance Alert
Seminars, and learn everything you need to know to be in compliance with these
new regulations.



 Houston, Oct. 3

 Doubletree Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 Register Now



 Dallas, Oct. 4

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 7524

 Register Now



 There are four elements to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and
three elements that affect consumer accounts, and it's going to be a very
integrated process. You'll need to understand how the elements are
interconnected with your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately
tracking member activity based on the risk-rating questions. If you are a small
or large institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend?

 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations staff, compliance and BSA officers, branch and training personnel,
and managers.



 Deborah CrawfordYour Presenter:  Deborah L. Crawford

 As president of Gettechnical, Inc., Deborah Crawford specializes in the
education of credit union employees and officers in the areas of deposit account
laws, new account documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs.
Crawford is well known within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal
accounts, and promise to reach each and every attendee in her seminar.



 Grant Assistance

 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation grants
manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Register Today for Texas Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. Will you and your staff
be ready?





 Join your colleagues in Houston or Dallas for the next Compliance Alert
Seminars, and learn everything you need to know to be in compliance with these
new regulations.



 Houston, Oct. 3

 Doubletree Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 Register Now



 Dallas, Oct. 4

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 7524

 Register Now



 There are four elements to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and
three elements that affect consumer accounts, and it's going to be a very
integrated process. You'll need to understand how the elements are
interconnected with your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately
tracking member activity based on the risk-rating questions. If you are a small
or large institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend?

 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations staff, compliance and BSA officers, branch and training personnel,
and managers.



 Deborah CrawfordYour Presenter:  Deborah L. Crawford

 As president of Gettechnical, Inc., Deborah Crawford specializes in the
education of credit union employees and officers in the areas of deposit account
laws, new account documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs.
Crawford is well known within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal
accounts, and promise to reach each and every attendee in her seminar.



 Grant Assistance

 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation grants
manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

Stark talks about inauguration and new regime

BYLINE: By Josh Richman Oakland Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; My Town; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 801 words


This is the first in a six-part series of interviews with Bay Area congressional
representatives George Miller, Ellen Tauscher, Pete Stark, Barbara Lee, Jackie
Speier and Jerry McNerney.

Q: As chairman of the Ways and Means Health Subcommittee, you're in a crucial
position to affect the Obama administration's health care reform plans. How will
the bills you've already introduced, and your relationship with Tom Daschle, the
nominee for Health and Human Services secretary, affect the process?

A: I don't think it will affect the process. What most of the House members are
pushing for now, and were pushing for in the stimulus bill, is that we get the
regular order. Let the Senate go ahead and prepare a bill, let the Obama
transition team   or as soon as he's president, let his congressional relations
guys   push a bill and then come to the House and do the same thing. There will
be two or three committees. "... Let us go ahead, let us each write a bill.

Then we'll get together in the House "... and say 'How can we merge them?'

And then we get to a conference, and guess what, I'm going to have to go give
Max Baucus a little more help in the rural areas than I think he needs, but he's
going to have to help me in the inner-city areas. That's the kind of
compromising we do "... and we'll come out with a bill then. It'll take us a
while, but we'll come out with a much better bill because everyone will have a
chance to be heard.

The fact that I've introduced a bill is basically just a way to suggest the
things that I believe are important. I'd love to think that what I'd like to do
will affect it, but it's part of a process.

Q: National issues aside, what are your top priorities for the 13th District and
the Bay Area in the next two years?

A: I've never counted myself as one of the great earmarkers in the world, but
the cities in our district are entitled to have someone there representing them
before the Appropriations Committee to help them get the things they need. I'd
probably start with repaving Interstate 580 "... and we've got to deal with
public transit, we've got to deal with whatever the infrastructure needs are.
And that's good for jobs.

We have an interesting breakdown because the district is almost two districts
we have the older district, where we have more people in the trades in the
northern part of the district, and then we have the southern part of Alameda
County, which is kind of tied to Silicon Valley, where the jobs will come out of
research.

We have to make sure we're not just building stimulus for pick-and-shovel jobs
those are important, but we have a lot of high-tech, high-skills jobs we have to
stimulate as well.

Follow right behind that with education. We've got to make sure kids stay in
school, finish high school and then have a chance at higher education so they
can compete.

Q: What do you expect you'll be feeling and thinking as you watch the
inauguration?

A: This is a new day in this country, not only because of the racial issue, but
because of the numbers. To me it's the age of the Internet, the age of instant
communication "... and this guy (Obama) has got what, 5 million people on his
Internet list? My Lord, he doesn't have to come to me for my input from the 13th
Congressional District   he's probably got more names from my district than I
do. It's a new world of involvement, I stand in awe of it   I can't believe it.

The idea that we're going to have a couple of million people show up here in two
weeks is mind-boggling. I've been here for some pretty big rallies "... but this
is going to be huge. I had three or four thousand requests for tickets from my
district!

Q: This will be your 19th Congress. Does this one feel any different from
earlier ones?

A: It's different in that we're dealing with the kind of administration we
haven't had in eight years.

We've been meeting with transition people for the last 10 days, and they're
really working at it. I think the appointments are exciting, and it seems very
well organized, that's all I can say. We may have some arguments down the road
on tax policy, on health policy, on all sorts of things, but it won't be for
lack of our ability to participate and work with some serious, motivated people.

Q: You're 77. How much longer do you think you'll be doing this?

A: My son is 13, and what he said is that either I stay for 12 years or I could
leave and his mother could fill the job for a while until he's 25   we're having
a family discussion right now (laughs).

Let me put it this way, I certainly have no intention of stepping down so long
as I'm healthy and my short-term memory isn't too bad. I think any
reconsideration for me would have to happen after reapportionment "... but what
I really am focused on right now is to see if we can get basic, major health
reform done.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 20, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

Best advice: Take it easy

BYLINE: JODI FUSON, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Drivers need to get back in the swing as school resumes.

During the first week or so of school, traffic can get a little snarled as
drivers establish traffic patterns and drop-off and pick-up routines.

Shane Dostal, a senior engineering specialist for the city, has a few ideas to
make things go more smoothly.

His first piece of advice? "Parents, take it easy."

Parking a block or two away (if there aren't any parking restrictions) and
walking children to school is one option to avoid congestion and frustration.
According to Dostal, most schools have a crosswalk adjacent to them that should
make crossing safer if parents drop their students off a block or so away.

About a dozen crosswalk countdown signs were installed over the summer, and
plans announced last week call for the installation of 101 pedestrian countdown
signs at school crosswalks across the city.

If dropping children off at the school building, Dostal recommends doing it
curbside and making students exit the vehicle curbside, too.

Almost all Lincoln elementary schools have safe-walk-to-school and
drive-to-school maps to help parents get with the flow of traffic, Dostal said.
For copies of the maps, which include directional arrows, parents can contact
their child's school.

Road closures

Following is a list of road/lane closures that could make getting to some
schools a little tricky this fall:

* 27th Street from Porter Ridge to Yankee Hill (closed until December) affects
Cavett Elementary, Scott Middle School and Lincoln Southwest High School.

* Pioneers Boulevard between 78th and 80th streets (closed until the end of
September) affects Maxey Elementary and Lux Middle School.

* 20th Street from A to Prospect (lane closures until the end of this month)
affects Prescott Elementary.

* 28th Street between Potter and Leighton (until mid- to late-September) affects
Clinton Elementary.

* D Street between 37th and 40th streets (lane closures until late December)
affects Randolph Elementary.

* South Street from Ninth to 17th Street (tentatively set to open this week)
affects Saratoga Elementary.

Reach Jodi Fuson at 473-7211 or homeroom@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 10, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

Metro Proposes Cuts in 40 Percent of Its Bus Routes

Stephen C. Fehr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 776 words


Four of every 10 Metrobus routes in the region would be cut, combined with other
routes or adjusted in ways that would force riders to wait longer between buses
under a proposal made yesterday by transit officials.

The proposed changes, which would affect 62 District bus routes and 42 each in
Maryland and Virginia, would take effect during the year beginning in June and
would save $ 11 million. Public hearings will be required on most of the
changes, and Metro's board of directors will make the final decision.

Metro officials predicted that the proposed service cuts would affect only a
small percentage of Metro's bus riders, who each day make about 500,000 trips on
376 routes. Few people would lose all bus service, and most changes would be
made on routes with relatively few riders.

"In almost every case, there's another way to get bus service," said Metro
planning director Peter Benjamin.

Nevertheless, the proposed cuts would require adjustments by thousands of bus
riders. Some routes would be eliminated outright or consolidated with other
routes. Some buses would not run on weekends. Buses would make fewer trips on
some routes, and on others, the wait between buses would be extended.

One of the biggest changes would affect riders traveling between Anacostia and
downtown Washington. When the Green Line opens late this year between L'Enfant
Plaza and Anacostia, Metro officials are proposing to reduce bus service by half
on P routes between Anacostia and National Archives at 10th Street and
Pennsylvania Avenue NW.

That would force as many as 700 weekday riders to take the train or find other
bus routes. Some of those who take the train might have to walk a considerable
distance from a station to their destination, instead of virtual door-to-door
service on a bus.

Metro has rarely suggested such broad changes in its bus routes except when it
opened new rail stations. Together with proposed cuts in Metrorail service, the
bus recommendations are another example of the reduced service and higher costs
facing riders in the region.

Fairfax County recently proposed trimming about 30 bus routes, and Montgomery's
Ride-On also is considering reducing bus service. Almost every transit system in
the region is raising fares to cope with higher costs and lower revenue.

The Metrobus proposal is part of a larger budget-cutting plan announced last
week by Metro General Manager David L. Gunn. At a briefing yesterday to explain
the proposed changes, Gunn said the cuts would save $ 3.6 million this year and
$ 7.4 million next year. About 120 bus drivers and other jobs would be cut, and
the bus fleet would be reduced by 58 buses by 1993.

Overall, Gunn's budget proposal slashed $ 32.4 million in Metro's costs from a
budget of $ 602.3 million. Rail costs would be trimmed by about $ 10 million.
Rail fares would go up an average of 12 percent this summer and an additional 6
percent next year. Without the rail and bus service cuts, Gunn said, fares would
have to go up another 6 percent.

"You certainly don't want to do something to increase fares again in fiscal
1993," Gunn said.

Metro officials already worry that the fare increases, which will be set in the
next month by the Metro board, will drive away at least 5 percent of weekday
riders who make a million bus and rail trips every day. But they believe the
proposed bus service reductions will not add significantly to the anticipated
drop in riders.

One reason is that many of the bus routes are used relatively little. On the P9
route between the South Capitol Street fringe parking lot in Anacostia and
Potomac Park near the State Department, for example, six people, on average,
board the 50-seat bus on each of its six daily trips. That route would be
discontinued, Metro would save $ 49,000 and riders would take two other routes
that provide identical service.

Some bus routes provide too much service, Metro officials believe. The D3 and D9
routes between Massachusetts Avenue NW, the Farragut West Metro station and
Archives travels a route already served by other buses, and averages 31 riders a
trip during rush hour. Metro proposes to combine the routes into a new one,
which would save $ 30,000 and increase the number using the bus to 41 while
serving the same areas.

Other bus routes duplicate rail service. The T6 route between Friendship Heights
Metro station and Montgomery College parallels the Red Line and carries an
average of 31 riders a trip, mostly for short distances. By dropping some of the
bus trips and lengthening the time between buses, Metro said it would save $
433,000 a year while losing 98 riders a day.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, PROPOSED CUTS IN BUS SERVICE

TYPE: DC NEWS, MARYLAND NEWS, VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 7, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BOTH SIDES IN PENSION DISPUTE HAIL COURT RULING AS A VICTORY

BYLINE: By MICHAEL deCOURCY HINDS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 609 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 6


Advocates and opponents of nonsexist insurance tables took comfort in the
Supreme Court ruling today prohibiting employers from alloting smaller monthly
pension payments to women than to men.

Activist groups representing women and consumers, which have for years been
fighting for insurance rates and benefits not based on sex, claimed a victory in
the 5-to-4 decision.

At the same time, the insurance industry, the chief opponent of those groups on
the issue, said the decision clearly did not challenge the use of separate
actuarial tables for men and women. The ruling allows the continued use of those
tables in establishing a group plan, but not in distributing individual
payments.

Industry officials also pointed out that the decision, which affects benefits
paid after Aug. 1, did not mandate retroactive compensatory payments.

Less than 10 percent of all the people covered by company-sponsored pension
plans are directly affected by the ruling, because most plans do not now base
payments on a person's sex. The decision will affect one million to three
million women, and millions of their male colleagues, who are covered by plans
that have no set level of retirement income, called defined contribution plans.

Affect on New York Suit

Doron Gopstein, chief assistant corporation counsel for New York City, said the
decision ''clearly helps'' in the city's efforts to negotiate a court settlement
of a suit by women employees who do not receive equal retirement benefits.

In referring to the suit earlier this year, Mayor Koch of New York City told a
Congressional committee that equalizing benefits and contributions retroactively
would cost the city up to $1 billion over 16 years. Since the Court did not
mandate retroactive equalization of benefits, however, the cost will be
''substantially less,'' Mr.  Gopstein said today.

He said he could not make an estimate because each pension plan would have to be
calculated individually. But he said New York would be able to equalize benefits
in a way that will not be ''fiscally ruinous to the city.''

State Comptroller Edward V. Regan said he had not seen the Supreme Court
decision, but added the state retirement plan did not discriminate.

Could Use Fixed Period

John Booth, chief actuary for the American Council of Life Insurance, said
benefits could be equalized by increasing payments to women and lowering men's,
or by eliminating sex-biased options. He said companies could now offer
annuities with benefits for a fixed period, rather than providing the more
common lifetime annuities.

He said this was one way companies could at least partly avoid the actuarial
problem caused by the fact that women generally live longer than men.

''A victory for women's rights,'' is how Judy Goldsmith, president of the
National Organization for Women, termed the decision today.  While consumers may
have to bear additional costs as a result, she said, ''It is a small enough
price to restore equality for women who have been disadvantaged.''

Dr. Mary W. Gray, president of Women's Equality Action League, said the decision
may benefit a great many women since employers who provide other types of life,
health or disability insurance coverage ''will be required to provide
nondiscriminatory plans.''

Dispute on Interpretation

Insurance industry spokesmen, however, said the women's groups were
misinterpreting the decision, which relates only to company-sponsored and
government pension plans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                          February 25, 2004 Wednesday

Rotary Club honors students;
Students of the month SCHOOL ROUNDUP

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 680 words


Send School Roundup items and/or photographs to Brenda Hake, The York
Dispatch/York Sunday News, P.O. Box 2807, York 17405; fax, 843-2814; or e-mail,
community@yorkdispatch.com . York City

The following William Penn Senior High School students have been honored for
their achievements at the Scholastic Art Awards held at Bradley Academy of Art:
Leodan Lopez, Theresa Camencho, Janaye Stewart, Gary Hopkins, Jose Vasquez,
Saren Nay and Michael Daniels.

These students received certificates of merit and will move on to the regional
judging at Strawberry Square, Harrisburg.

In addition, these students received awards given by judges at Bradley: Leodan
Lopez, two first place awards for ceramics; Theresa Camencho, third place in
ceramics; Janaye Stewart, honorable mention in ceramics; and Jose Vasquez,
honorable mention in computer art.

Joel Santiago has been selected to participate in the National Young Leaders
Conference, Washington, D.C. from March 2 to 7. He is a student at William Penn
Senior High School. Dallastown Area

The Pennsylvania Music Educator's Association selected the following seven
Dallastown Area High School students to perform in the 2004 District 7 Orchestra
Festival at Cumberland Valley High School Performing Arts Center from Jan. 16 to
17. They are: Ben Dietrick, Lauren Botterbusch and Dan Sullivan, violins; Matt
Kreider, viola; Alexis Lee, cello; Drew Zimmerman, bass; and David Tilestone,
trombone.

Derek Mumford was recently selected to participate in the National Youth
Leadership Forum on Law from Feb. 24 to 29 in Washington, D.C. He is a student
at Dallastown Area High School. Central York

Danielle Behler was recently selected to participate in the National Youth
Leadership Forum on Law from Feb. 17 to 22 in Washington, D.C. She is a student
at Central York High School.

Central York Middle School recently had its science fair. The results are:

Sixth grade -- First place: Alexandra Ghaben, pH effects on seed growth and
Caroline Klidonas, perpetual petals.

Seventh grade -- First place: Kyler Parson, What fruit rots the fastest?; Zach
Carlisi, nonbacterial versus antibacterial soap; and David McGee, Which material
absorbs the most decibels?

Seventh grade -- Second place: Shilia Kwon, What juice will clean a penny?; Leah
Herman, Which gum flavor lasts the longest?; Aubrie Luckenbaugh, carpet stain
removers; Natalie Dizio, Does temperature affect paint drying?; Joshua Kehler,
effective packaging materials; Melissa Peterson, What drink harms teeth the
most?; Stacie Groff, Which diaper will absorb the most?; Brandon Guynn, speed
and distance; Samantha Bader, Does color affect temperature?; Alex Kelly,
comparison of glass thickness to its strength; Ethan Bennis, potato launcher;
and Brittany Smeltzer, To decay or not to decay?

Seventh grade -- Third place: Amelia Warntz, I'm going nuts; Ben Hamme, How
worms affect plant growth; Samantha Strine, Does soil affect the growth of
plants?; John Dumpman, growing pumpkins fast; Mikesh Desai, battery power;
Michael Anderson, testing batteries; Carson Glusco, What breath strip lasts
longest?; Binh Le, the effects of acids on stains; Brittany Ettien, How long
does lip gloss last?; Matthew McSherry, bacteria buildup; and David Darr, How
much weight can a helium balloon lift?

Sixth grade -- Honorable mention: Anastasia Orso, Does personality affect
favorite foods?

Seventh grade -- Honorable mention: Rachael Gabler, bearings: speed and control
and Greg Jacobs, the energy wheel.

Eighth grade -- Honorable mention: Kristina Harp, whiting your smile. Christian
School

Chris Dudney has been selected as Student of the Month for February at Christian
School of York. He is 5 years old and is in the all-day kindergarten program. He
came to know the Lord on Dec. 9 with the help of this sister, Sarah who is in
third grade. He attends St. Paul United Methodist Church, Manchester, and is the
son of Michael and Lori Dudney of New Freedom.

class=subscribelink
'https://webgateway.inyork.com/CBWebserver/subscription.html'>Subscribe Now!

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 York Newspapers, Inc.


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

North Carolina: Water Outage will affect Gardner Street and Jose Street

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Shelby. North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 On Thursday, August 18th, the City of Shelby will have a water outage that will
affect Gardner St (from Liveoak St to Martin St) and Jose St (from Gardner St to
Blanton St).  The outage is necessary to perform an emergency water valve
replacement. Work will start at approximately 8:00 am and continue until the
replacement is complete. We estimate an outage time of 4 hours for repair.









 If you experience discolored water:



 &middot;         Turn on your faucets and if you encounter discolored water,
run cold water for a few minutes allowing new water to work its way into your
pipes. If the water is not clear, wait a few more minutes and check again. In
some cases, there may be slight discoloration for a few hours. This
discoloration only affects the appearance of the water; it does not affect the
taste or water quality.



 &middot;         Avoid washing laundry until the water runs clear at the tap,
then wash a load of dark clothes first.



 &middot;         If pressure or volume seems low, check your faucet screens for
trapped particles.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Texas: TEXAS TECH FACULTY, STUDENTS, ALUMNI CONTRIBUTE TO GOOD HOUSEKEEPING'S
APRIL CLIMATE CHANGE COVERAGE

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas Tech University System, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:

As one of the world's leading authorities on climate change, Katharine Hayhoe
knows climate change is about more than just the long-term effects humans have
on the planet.

It affects every day life, in every corner of the earth and in every profession,
every business. The key is to find a way to communicate the importance of
climate change beyond the scientific realm to the areas of human existence that
it affects every day.

She's found an ally in one of the most unlikely places - Good Housekeeping
magazine.

The publication, with an estimated 25 million circulation that offers tips and
practices on improving everyday life, published a spread on climate change in
its April issue. The idea came about through a connection with Hayhoe and her
interdisciplinary graduate climate class in climate science and policy, which is
taught each fall.


Katharine Hayhoe

"It was a great experience for me to interact with Good Housekeeping and
contribute to figuring out how their readership values and interests interacted
with this issue," said Hayhoe, who is the director of the Climate Science Center
and an associate professor of political science at Texas Tech University.
"Climate change isn't just a green, tree-hugger issue. We care about climate
change because it affects many of the things we already care about. I loved
working with Good Housekeeping because they know what they really care about."

While on a visit to Lubbock, Hayhoe invited the editor of Good Housekeeping to
speak to her class. During the visit, Hayhoe had the class break into groups and
gave them the task of developing ideas for an issue of Good Housekeeping and
what they would want the magazine to do or say about the subject of climate
change, how it affects us as individuals and what we can do about it.

"The students came up with all kinds of out-of-the-box ideals during this
brainstorming session," Hayhoe said. "They talked about how climate change
affects us here in Texas and made sure there were practical tips people could
do. It was fun."

Another Texas Tech connection helped it all come to fruition. Although the
students' ideas did not go straight from the classroom to the magazine's pages,
they did provide the basis to start thinking about the April issue. To narrow
the focus of the magazine's coverage, Hayhoe worked with editor Tula Karras, a
Lubbock native whose grandfather, William P. Tucker, taught political science at
Texas Tech.


Page 101

Hayhoe also helped Karras connect with experts across the country who could
provide accurate information regarding what cites are doing to prepare for
climate change and how individual actions can help us save money and cut our
carbon footprint.

"It's one thing to talk about how the media could or should communicate climate
change," said Nicole Lee, one of the students in the class. "It's quite another
to actually have the editor-in-chief of Good Housekeeping in your class and be
able to implement those ideas."

It also gave Hayhoe an idea to do a similar project with the class every fall,
the hope being that the reach of climate change education expands beyond the
technical publications like National Geographic or Popular Science and finds its
way into more mainstream media. That is one of the areas the Climate Science
Center is working to bring the issue out of the scientific realm and into
everyday life.

One thing I loved about the class, and this activity in particular, was that it
helped us go beyond the science," Lee said, "and think about how climate change
impacts the things people really care about, like their family, health and
finances.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Texas: TEXAS TECH FACULTY, STUDENTS, ALUMNI CONTRIBUTE TO GOOD HOUSEKEEPING'S
APRIL CLIMATE CHANGE COVERAGE

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas Tech University System, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:

As one of the world's leading authorities on climate change, Katharine Hayhoe
knows climate change is about more than just the long-term effects humans have
on the planet.

It affects every day life, in every corner of the earth and in every profession,
every business. The key is to find a way to communicate the importance of
climate change beyond the scientific realm to the areas of human existence that
it affects every day.

She's found an ally in one of the most unlikely places - Good Housekeeping
magazine.

The publication, with an estimated 25 million circulation that offers tips and
practices on improving everyday life, published a spread on climate change in
its April issue. The idea came about through a connection with Hayhoe and her
interdisciplinary graduate climate class in climate science and policy, which is
taught each fall.


Katharine Hayhoe

"It was a great experience for me to interact with Good Housekeeping and
contribute to figuring out how their readership values and interests interacted
with this issue," said Hayhoe, who is the director of the Climate Science Center
and an associate professor of political science at Texas Tech University.
"Climate change isn't just a green, tree-hugger issue. We care about climate
change because it affects many of the things we already care about. I loved
working with Good Housekeeping because they know what they really care about."

While on a visit to Lubbock, Hayhoe invited the editor of Good Housekeeping to
speak to her class. During the visit, Hayhoe had the class break into groups and
gave them the task of developing ideas for an issue of Good Housekeeping and
what they would want the magazine to do or say about the subject of climate
change, how it affects us as individuals and what we can do about it.

"The students came up with all kinds of out-of-the-box ideals during this
brainstorming session," Hayhoe said. "They talked about how climate change
affects us here in Texas and made sure there were practical tips people could
do. It was fun."

Another Texas Tech connection helped it all come to fruition. Although the
students' ideas did not go straight from the classroom to the magazine's pages,
they did provide the basis to start thinking about the April issue. To narrow
the focus of the magazine's coverage, Hayhoe worked with editor Tula Karras, a
Lubbock native whose grandfather, William P. Tucker, taught political science at
Texas Tech.


Page 101

Hayhoe also helped Karras connect with experts across the country who could
provide accurate information regarding what cites are doing to prepare for
climate change and how individual actions can help us save money and cut our
carbon footprint.

"It's one thing to talk about how the media could or should communicate climate
change," said Nicole Lee, one of the students in the class. "It's quite another
to actually have the editor-in-chief of Good Housekeeping in your class and be
able to implement those ideas."

It also gave Hayhoe an idea to do a similar project with the class every fall,
the hope being that the reach of climate change education expands beyond the
technical publications like National Geographic or Popular Science and finds its
way into more mainstream media. That is one of the areas the Climate Science
Center is working to bring the issue out of the scientific realm and into
everyday life.

One thing I loved about the class, and this activity in particular, was that it
helped us go beyond the science," Lee said, "and think about how climate change
impacts the things people really care about, like their family, health and
finances.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Texas: TEXAS TECH FACULTY, STUDENTS, ALUMNI CONTRIBUTE TO GOOD HOUSEKEEPING'S
APRIL CLIMATE CHANGE COVERAGE

LENGTH: 633  words

DATELINE: Austin


Texas Tech University System, The state of Texas has issued the following news
release:

As one of the world's leading authorities on climate change, Katharine Hayhoe
knows climate change is about more than just the long-term effects humans have
on the planet.

It affects every day life, in every corner of the earth and in every profession,
every business. The key is to find a way to communicate the importance of
climate change beyond the scientific realm to the areas of human existence that
it affects every day.

She's found an ally in one of the most unlikely places - Good Housekeeping
magazine.

The publication, with an estimated 25 million circulation that offers tips and
practices on improving everyday life, published a spread on climate change in
its April issue. The idea came about through a connection with Hayhoe and her
interdisciplinary graduate climate class in climate science and policy, which is
taught each fall.


Katharine Hayhoe

"It was a great experience for me to interact with Good Housekeeping and
contribute to figuring out how their readership values and interests interacted
with this issue," said Hayhoe, who is the director of the Climate Science Center
and an associate professor of political science at Texas Tech University.
"Climate change isn't just a green, tree-hugger issue. We care about climate
change because it affects many of the things we already care about. I loved
working with Good Housekeeping because they know what they really care about."

While on a visit to Lubbock, Hayhoe invited the editor of Good Housekeeping to
speak to her class. During the visit, Hayhoe had the class break into groups and
gave them the task of developing ideas for an issue of Good Housekeeping and
what they would want the magazine to do or say about the subject of climate
change, how it affects us as individuals and what we can do about it.

"The students came up with all kinds of out-of-the-box ideals during this
brainstorming session," Hayhoe said. "They talked about how climate change
affects us here in Texas and made sure there were practical tips people could
do. It was fun."

Another Texas Tech connection helped it all come to fruition. Although the
students' ideas did not go straight from the classroom to the magazine's pages,
they did provide the basis to start thinking about the April issue. To narrow
the focus of the magazine's coverage, Hayhoe worked with editor Tula Karras, a
Lubbock native whose grandfather, William P. Tucker, taught political science at
Texas Tech.


Page 101

Hayhoe also helped Karras connect with experts across the country who could
provide accurate information regarding what cites are doing to prepare for
climate change and how individual actions can help us save money and cut our
carbon footprint.

"It's one thing to talk about how the media could or should communicate climate
change," said Nicole Lee, one of the students in the class. "It's quite another
to actually have the editor-in-chief of Good Housekeeping in your class and be
able to implement those ideas."

It also gave Hayhoe an idea to do a similar project with the class every fall,
the hope being that the reach of climate change education expands beyond the
technical publications like National Geographic or Popular Science and finds its
way into more mainstream media. That is one of the areas the Climate Science
Center is working to bring the issue out of the scientific realm and into
everyday life.

One thing I loved about the class, and this activity in particular, was that it
helped us go beyond the science," Lee said, "and think about how climate change
impacts the things people really care about, like their family, health and
finances.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             July 23, 2005 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Road Project May Threaten Wildlife

BYLINE: JULIA FERRANTE, jferrante@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 959 words


A wildlife survey along the proposed Ridge Road extension route found endangered
woodstorks and eastern indigo snakes and indicated the likelihood of threatened
Florida scrub jays, county and federal officials said this week.

The county-commissioned study findings have prompted U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers Project Manager Mike Nowicki to conclude that construction of an
east-west connector "may affect" the birds and their habitat. The corps is
seeking a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service consultation to confirm or refute that
conclusion, he said.

Nowicki also determined the road project "may affect/is not likely to affect"
eastern indigo snakes, which are highly adaptable, if certain steps are taken to
restore their habitat. He is asking the Fish and Wildlife Service to agree with
that conclusion.

County officials are seeking a permit to extend Ridge Road from Moon Lake Road
to U.S. 41. The plan is to construct four lanes from Moon Lake Road to the
Suncoast Parkway and two lanes from the Suncoast to U.S. 41. The road, to be a
hurricane evacuation route and alternative to State Roads 52 and 54, eventually
could be expanded.

The county has faced numerous delays in the permitting process, partly because
the proposed route crosses wetlands and bisects the Serenova Preserve. The
6,533-acre Serenova area and another portion of the Jay B. Starkey Wilderness
Preserve were set aside to compensate for construction of the Suncoast.

Jake Varn, a Tallahassee attorney handling the Ridge Road extension project for
Pasco County, said the corps rulings on the birds and snakes were expected. He
is confident the project will move forward, provided the county is able to work
out other issues with wetlands and property rights.

Report To Commission

Varn and the wildlife survey consultant are slated to address the county
commission at a 1:30 p.m. meeting Tuesday at the historic Pasco County
Courthouse in Dade City. Dan Rametta, of Land O' Lakes, also will give a
presentation asking county officials to drop their plans for the road.

Nowicki said the county's permit application still is incomplete. He said Pasco
must provide more information about how it would avoid and minimize impacts on
wetlands and compensate for the wetlands destroyed by the road.

Engineers have redesigned the road to minimize wetland impacts, but those plans
have not been approved by the corps.

"The county has gone to great lengths to minimize and avoid wetlands," Varn
said. "When you are trying to get from point A to point B, there are only so
many options. We have to start the Ridge Road extension at Ridge Road and Moon
Lake Road. We have to go under the underpass on the Suncoast. Once you are
there, you don't want to end the road in the middle of nowhere."

The county also must provide additional project drawings and responses to public
comments made by 10 major objectors to the project, Nowicki said. The corps will
ask the objectors to comment on the project as it stands now -- with all changes
and modifications since public comments were solicited in 2000.

The county then must respond to the new comments.

"The bottom line is that it really hasn't moved toward revisions that address
the comments," Nowicki said.

Varn said Pasco has provided responses.

"The question is: Are those responses adequate? Only time will tell," he said.

One of the bigger obstacles for the Ridge Road extension, Varn said, is finding
property to set aside for wetlands destroyed by the project. The county
initially planned to buy and put into conservation a 240-acre parcel called
Mablebridge, but the owners of that property have decided to develop it.

"The county found itself in a position where it is not going to be able to
acquire that property and make it available for mitigation," Varn said. "We had
to find other property.

County officials have set their sights on a larger parcel dubbed the Five-Mile
Creek Corridor as a possible mitigation area, but they face another obstacle.
The property owner, James "Bo" Bexley, has not granted access to study his land.

"We are of the view that the Five-Mile Creek Corridor is equal to or better than
the Mablebridge property," Varn said. "Unfortunately, for some time, we have
tried to gain access to the Bexley property to satisfy some concerns that it is
a suitable mitigation site. We are unable to get additional information on
Five-Mile Creek because Mr. Bexley won't give us access to the property."

Strategy On Key Property

Varn said he will ask the county commissioners if they want to initiate eminent
domain proceedings with Bexley or to continue with a diplomatic approach. The
board also is set to consider paying Varn's law firm another $25,000 to continue
defending the road project. Fowler White Boggs Banker P.A. has been paid
$175,000, all but about $5,000 of which has been spent.

"As the attorney trying to plot the course to bring this to termination, they
[the board] are the decision makers. I'm here to charge the hill, if they could
just tell me the hill they want to charge," he said.

Another option would be to find a different property for mitigation or to hold
off on Phase II, extending the road from the Suncoast to U.S. 41, Varn said.

"When you do mitigation, it is always better if you do it in close proximity to
the work you are doing," Varn said. "It would be difficult to find something
equal to what we could do with Five-Mile Creek.

"From the county perspective, Five-Mile Creek offers benefits other land would
not. It is very close to the corridor and fits in with the county's long-term
plan to establish trails and [conservation] corridors."

Reporter Julia Ferrante can be reached at (813) 948-4220.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 26, 2005



CORRECTION: A study says construction of the east-west Ridge Road extension may
affect birds. A headline in Saturday's Pasco Tribune misstated what the study
concluded.

GRAPHIC: MAP
Tribune map PROPOSED ROAD EXTENSION Pasco County is seeking to extend Ridge Road
from Moon Lake Road to U.S. 41. Source: Southwest Florida Management District

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday

Zelienople manager prefers local government

BYLINE: Josh Earl

LENGTH: 475 words


In Donald Pepe's book, bigger isn't always better.

While studying political science at St. Francis College in the early 1970s, Pepe
realized he wasn't interested in working for the federal government.

"The federal government is way too big and bureaucratic," he said. "And I knew
that I didn't want to work for state governments because they are also somewhat
large and bureaucratic. You don't really see how state government or the federal
government affects you -- unless it's your tax bill."

Pepe, 53, instead embarked on a career in local government after earning a
master's degree in public administration from the University of Dayton in Ohio.

"What form of government affects you where you live every day?" he said. "Police
protection, public safety, public works. The people who work in local government
affect people every day. I wanted to be able to do that."

Pepe's career path has led him to the post of manager in Zelienople, replacing
Marla Marcinco who left Aug. 10 to become manager in Penn Hills. Pepe, who had
been manager in Murrysville, Westmoreland County, began his new job Dec. 1 at a
salary of $70,000 a year.

"I have always wanted to live and manage in a small town that had a real
community setting and community feel to it," Pepe said. "Murrysville didn't have
that. Murrysville is a suburban community; it doesn't have a town center per
say. There's not a network of walking sidewalks available. It's a nice place in
many respects, but where people live is somewhat isolated, and it doesn't have
that community feel to it."

Murrysville has a population of about 19,000, while Zelienople has about 4,000
residents, according to 2002 Census figures.

Zelienople selected Pepe from a pool of 53 applicants, said borough councilman
Drew Mathew. Prior to working in Murrysville, Pepe did budget analysis and
housing and community development work in Prince George's County, Md.; spent 18
years as director of community development with the Washington, D.C.-based
National Association of Counties; and served for eight years as manager of
Richland Township, Cambria County.

Pepe was always courteous with residents and spent time helping them solve their
problems, said Diane Heming, director of finance for Murrysville, who is acting
as chief administrator until a replacement for Pepe can be hired.

"I think I bring to bear a lot of ability to bring people together and keep
people together," Pepe said.

Zelienople council members already have told Pepe they want him to evaluate the
borough's pension system, Pepe said. Early next year, he intends to work with
the council to set objectives for the next five years.

"At the present time, I don't have any plans other than to just be a sponge for
the next 60 days," he said.

Pepe lives in Murrysville with his wife, Nancy, but they'll be moving to
Zelienople soon, Pepe said.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Earthquakes affect Edmond

BYLINE: James Coburn, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 521 words


Dec. 29--A 4.3 earthquake caused a power outage with Edmond Electric Tuesday
morning, said Casey Moore, City of Edmond spokesman. The earthquake was followed
by aftershocks registering at 3.4 in magnitude, 2.9 and 3.2.

"The outage began at the same time as the earthquake at 5:39 a.m.," Moore said.

According to the Oklahoma Geological Survey, the epicenter of the earthquake was
4.9 miles east, northeast of Edmond.

"It affected the Danforth Substation," Moore said. "We had about 4,400 customers
without power and power was restored within about an hour."

There are no other power outages reported Tuesday in Edmond, he said.

Cosmetic damage was reported at the Edmond Animal Shelter with cracks in the
walls but no structural damage, Moore said.

The earthquake was enough to jolt Dustin Gibson from his sleep at his home near
the Lazy E Arena in Guthrie. The Edmond postal carrier said he knew it was an
earthquake, but it did not frighten him.

He would rather not experience them but he is learning to live with them.
Earthquakes are quite common in Guthrie, he said. So he went back to sleep.

June Cartwright was watching television and doing some paperwork Sunday evening
when at 9:30 p.m. she felt a rumble.

A 3.5 earthquake shook her house in Edmond. The epicenter of the earthquake was
four miles northeast of Edmond and 12 miles south of Guthrie, according to the
Oklahoma Geological Survey.

"It shook and LeRoy (her husband) was in bed watching TV and he came running out
saying, 'June, did you feel that one?'"

She had felt an earlier shock in the afternoon, but June said it did not seem as
strong as the 3.5. What she felt earlier was probably the 3.2 earthquake
reported in Jones.

June said that her daughter, Tammy Cartwright, and her niece, Mizuho Motoyama,
live in Seattle and Japan respectively. They love to call Oklahoma's seismic
activity "little baby earthquakes."

Both of them have been in major earthquakes that toppled buildings.

Oklahoma now experiences more earthquakes than anywhere in the United States,
according to the U.S. Geological Survey. More than 2,100 earthquakes have
occured in the state in the past year.

At least 153 earthquakes have occured in the last month. Two earthquakes
registering at 4.7 each in Medford and Cherokee have been the state's most
powerful earthquakes this year.

"The first time I experienced an earthquake was here in the house. The
chandelier in the dining room started to shake," June said of the 5.6 earthquake
that shook Oklahoma and parts of Kansas.

June said she is becoming accustomed to living in a state prone to earthquakes.
But she doesn't want to experience another 5.6 earthquake that set a record for
intensity in the state.

"For me it was just the weirdest feeling the first time I experienced one," she
said. "That's when the chandelier started swinging back and forth. I was like,
'Oh my gosh. What is it?'"

The Oklahoma Corporation Commission is preparing a response to the energy
industry due to the recent earthquakes.

___ (c)2015 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151229-EO-Earthquakes-affect-Edmond-1229-20151229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2015 The Edmond Sun


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Corps: Quake didn't affect Tenkiller, Fort Gibson dams

BYLINE: Hunter Lane, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


Sept. 09--With earthquakes now a regular occurrence in Oklahoma, structural
damage could become an issue, and concern about dams on the state's many lakes
are a growing concern.

According to the Office of the Oklahoma Secretary of Energy and Environment, the
state had 109 earthquakes with a 3 or greater magnitude in 2013, 585 in 2014,
and that number nearly doubled to 907 in 2015. Saturday's quake was recently
upgraded to 5.8 magnitude and is Oklahoma's largest temblor to date.

Brannen Parrish, public affairs specialist for the Tulsa District Corps of
Engineers, said the agency has a standard it's been using for years for seismic
activity that includes both dams and levees.

"If there is an earthquake with a 4.5 magnitude within a 10-mile radius of the
dam, we send an inspection team out," Parrish said. "We send teams if it's a 5
magnitude within a 50-mile radius, a 6 within a 75-mile radius, a 7 within a
125-mile radius, or an 8 within a 200-mile radius, and these are in addition to
our regular inspections."

Parrish said many factors -- like where the epicenter is and how deep the quake
was -- affect the energy output of an earthquake. He said the Keystone, Kaw,
Skiatook, Heyburn and Birch Lake dams, along with the Cleveland levee, fell into
those radius requirements and were inspected after Saturday's temblor.

"Those were inspected, and we had teams out within about three hours. That's
pretty quick, especially considering it was a holiday weekend," Parrish said.
"They didn't find any damage at our structures that was within those radius."

Parrish said Fort Gibson and Tenkiller dams were not inspected because they were
outside the radius. He said while the Corps hasn't lost a dam yet, the increased
number of earthquakes has prompted more frequent post-seismic inspections.

"If an earthquake happened right underneath a dam -- well, that's a whole
different ball of wax, but we haven't any damage to our dams," Parrish said.
"You're dealing with massive concrete structures designed to take a lot of
force, and water is a very powerful force. Anytime there is seismic activity, we
take it seriously, but we haven't see anything."

Due to the increase in earthquakes around the state, many homeowners may also be
concerned about the possibility of damage to their property. Earthquake damage
is not covered in a standard homeowners policy, and many insurance companies
will not sell coverage immediately after an earthquake.

Local State Farm Insurance Agent Mark Hodson said many insurance companies do
allow clients to add earthquake coverage to their policies.

"It's not a separate policy; it's an endorsement that allows the homeowners to
cover that damage," Hodson said. "They do have pay extra, and the cost can vary
with different companies. Right now, we have a 30-day moratorium, meaning we
can't add the endorsement within 30 days of this particular incident. That is
company-based, though, and I've heard some companies have a six-month
moratorium."

There's been talk that some insurance companies would not cover damages
determined to come from man-made quakes, but Hodson said Oklahoma Insurance
Commissioner John Doak has previously stated most insurance companies do cover
the damages, whether from a natural event or caused by injection wells.

"We've gotten a lot of inquiries and we've added quite a few [endorsements],"
Hodson said. "Each person needs to look their options to decide whether they
want to purchase earthquake insurance."

___ (c)2016 the Tahlequah Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) Visit the Tahlequah
Daily Press (Tahlequah, Okla.) at www.tahlequahdailypress.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160909-TD-Corps-Quake-didn-t-affect
-Tenkiller-Fort-Gibson-dams-0909-20160909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                      Copyright 2016 Tahlequah Daily Press


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Salary changes could affect TISD workers

BYLINE: Emily Guevara, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


Aug. 05--Proposed salary adjustments would affect 474 Tyler ISD employees if
approved by the school board later this month.

Interim Superintendent Kim Tunnell said the district is proposing to use about
$300,000 in unbudgeted revenue to level out some of the salary structure.

If approved by the board at the Aug. 21 meeting, these salary changes would
affect about one-third of the district's approximately 1,450 employees, Mrs.
Tunnell said.

Unlike raises, which typically affect whole categories of employees or the
entire workforce across the board, these adjustments to pay will affect only
those positions that needed a change based on a study conducted this year for
the district by the Texas Association of School Boards.

Based on that study, the district wants to ensure its pay for certain positions
is comparable to that of other districts around the state with similar sizes,
structures and demographics, Mrs. Tunnell said.

Affected employees could fall in the following categories: first-, third- and
fourth-year teachers, clerical and technical, instructional coaches and
instructional technology specialists, police officers and auxiliary such as food
service.

However, not every employee in these groups would be affected, only those whose
pay needed an adjustment based on the market value survey.

The proposal will not be implemented unless the board approves it as part of the
proposed budget and tax rate on Aug. 21.

Last year TISD awarded raises to teachers, paraprofessionals, manual trades
employees, bus drivers and administrators.

In addition to the pay adjustments, the district administrators are proposing to
set aside the remaining $260,000 in unbudgeted revenue for a strategic planning
account.

Mrs. Tunnell said these funds would be used specifically for projects,
enhancements and issues identified in the strategic plan, which the board
approved in March.

The plan includes six objectives related to education, technology, graduate
expectations, school safety and community diversity.

In other business, the board approved the hiring of Georgeanna Jones-Shaw as the
next principal for Andy Woods Elementary School.

Ms. Jones-Shaw has served as the assistant principal at Andy Woods since 2009
and previously served in the same capacity at Ramey Elementary School. She
started her education career in Richardson ISD as a seventh- and eighth-grade
math teacher and coach. She also has worked as a T3 Instructor for Texas
Instruments and served on the technology team for the Conference for the
Advancement of Mathematics.

She replaces the previous principal, Brandon Chandler, who left in June to
accept a position as principal of Arlington ISD's West Elementary School.

A large group of what appeared to be Andy Woods staff was on hand and cheered
the announcement of the new hire.

"To say that I am honored is not even enough because I am very honored," Ms.
Jones-Shaw said.

The board also approved the purchase of instruments and equipment not to exceed
$100,000 for the visual and performing arts program.

Since 2009, that program has increased by almost 2,000 students, according to
district information.

The district is predicting the band and orchestra programs will increase by at
least 150 students this school year.

The district previously purchased more than $100,000 worth of instruments for
the middle school band and orchestra programs.

Many of those middle school students are now in high school and the visual and
performing arts programs are in need of more instruments, according to the
district information.

___ (c)2014 Tyler Morning Telegraph (Tyler, Texas) Visit Tyler Morning Telegraph
(Tyler, Texas) at www.tylerpaper.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140805-TY-Salary-changes-could-affect-TISD-workers-20140805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2014 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                           TCF Financial Corporation

                              200 Lake Street East
                               Wayzata,  MN 55391
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


TCF is a financial holding company based in the US. The company's broad product
and service portfolio, increase in total deposits, and capital adequacy are its
major strengths, although overdependence on its lending division and a declining
cash position remain areas of concern. Fluctuating interest rates, changing
regulations and increased compliance costs may affect its performance. However,
an expanding insurance industry in the US, the growing US economy, and a
positive outlook for the US cards and payments industry should offer growth
opportunities.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


CAPITAL ADEQUACY


A strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements related to its risk-weighted assets, and address stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. Good capital management enabled the
company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required to maintain
a minimum capital ratio of 8%, and Tier 1 capital ratio of 6%: it reported a
total capital ratio of 13.71%, and Tier 1 capital ratio of 11.54% during FY2015,
meeting the regulatory requirements. This will enable the company to withstand
periods of banking stress.

INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


An increase in the company's total deposits reflects strong customer sentiment
and improved returns on cash deposits. TCF recorded an 8.2% increase in total
deposits from US$15.5 billion in FY2014 to US$16.7 billion in FY2015,
strengthening its financial position and expanding its lending capability.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


The company's broad product and service portfolio helps it to serve a wide
customer base. The company offers a range of commercial and retail banking
products and services, including personal, home equity, motor, mortgage and real
estate loans, and leasing services. It also offers savings, deposit, checking,
individual retirement and money market accounts, retirement savings plans and
certificates of deposit. In addition, the company offers life and non-life
insurance, credit and debit cards, payroll processing, online and mobile
banking, and capital funding. Its broad portfolio of products and services
enables the company to meet diverse customer requirements, driving its top-line
performance.


WEAKNESSES:


OVERDEPENDENCE ON LENDING DIVISION


The company depends heavily on its Lending division for its revenue, making it
vulnerable to division-specific risks. Although the company operates other
divisions such as Funding and Support Services, the Lending division contributed
75.1% of its total net interest income in FY2015. This exposes the company to
risks associated with that particular market, and may hamper its growth
prospects in adverse situations.

DECLINING CASH POSITION


A decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Cash and dues from banks
fell by 20.3% from US$1.1 billion at the end of FY2014 to US$889.3 million at
the end of FY2015. This may be a result of a decreased value of short-term asset
holdings such as short-term government bonds or marketable securities, or weak
cash inflow.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARDS AND PAYMENTS INDUSTRY


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019, at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1.7 billion, at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to reach US$7.6 billion in 2019, recording
a forecast-period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by
increased mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, rising
per capita income, and employment growth in the US. As a provider of debit and
credit cards in the US, TCF is well placed to benefit from this.

GROWING US ECONOMY


The company stands to benefit from economic growth in the US. According to the
International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015 the US's GDP growth rate was 2.5%; it
is expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. This is likely to increase the country's
spending on financial solutions, fueling demand for banking and financial
products and services. TCF is therefore well positioned to benefit from this.

EXPANDING INSURANCE INDUSTRY IN THE US


The expanding insurance industry in the US provides growth opportunities for the
company. According to in-house research, the US insurance industry is expected
to reach US$2.7 trillion in FY2018. The life, non-life, and personal accident
and health insurance segments are expected to reach US$731.6 billion, US$999.3
billion, and US$969.5 billion respectively in 2018, driven by rising insurance
and property prices, economic growth, rising demand for automobiles, an aging
population, employment recovery, rising per capita healthcare expenditure, and
recovery in interest rates in the country. TCF, which offers insurance
solutions, is well positioned to benefit from the growing industry.


THREATS:


INCREASED COMPLIANCE COSTS


Compliance costs are expected to increase, and may adversely affect the company
's operations. The recent financial crisis led to increased compliance costs and
additional regulation, in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises.
The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the
Institute of International Finance, and the US Treasury have issued reports
reflecting changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The
Federal Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination, to
protect consumers. This may result in an enhanced regulatory environment and
exert extra pressure on companies, which are already working on improving
governance processes.

FLUCTUATING INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's performance, affecting the
values of loans and other assets, and the bank's ability to realize gains on
asset sales. Rising interest rates may reduce origination of loans for sale, and
consequently the fee income earned. They may also adversely affect borrowers'
ability to repay loan or lease principals or interest, resulting in an increase
in non-performing assets and a reduction in income. Interest rates are highly
sensitive to factors beyond the company's control, including general economic
conditions, inflation, recession, unemployment, the money supply and government
and regulatory policy. Volatile interest rates might impact the company's
performance, its income and its investment returns.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various government and regulatory
authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Changes in government policy and regulation may negatively impact
the company's growth and expansion



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 23, 2013 Saturday

Frog decision could affect Greensprings land

BYLINE: Ryan Pfeil, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words


Nov. 23--A 61-acre strip of land near the Greensprings could soon receive
additional federal oversight to protect a threatened frog.

The U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service proposed listing the Oregon spotted frog as a
threatened species under the Endangered Species Act in August. A final listing
determination will be made by September 2014, the end of the 2013-14 federal
fiscal year, officials said.

If the frog is listed, 48 acres of Bureau of Land Management land and 13 acres
of private land near the Parsnip Lakes will be listed as critical habitat, or
lands with features deemed beneficial to species conservation.

The Parsnip Lakes are a series of small lakes or ponds and wetlands, all formed
by natural springs and located within the Cascade-Siskiyou National Monument.
While that location already limits development, projects that are federally
funded or require federal permits would face heightened scrutiny if the frog
were declared threatened.

"If there are activities that are going to be done on those lands that involve
some federal funding or permits, then there's conversation that needs to be
entered in with the Fish & Wildlife Service," said Jim Thrailkill, USFWS field
supervisor in the Roseburg Field Office. "There's a perception that it's a
'hands off' or a reserve, and that's not the case. There are still allowable
activities."

About 68,000 acres and 23 stream miles would be effected across Oregon and
Washington if the frog is listed as a threatened species. About 67 percent of
those lands are federally owned. More than one-quarter of the proposed area is
in the Klamath Basin.

USFWS officials said the species is a key part of a food web its entire life,
eating dead and dying plants in ponds as a tadpole and mosquitoes and other
pests as an adult.

"It's one of the most aquatic frogs in Oregon," Thrailkill told the Jackson
County Board of Commissioners at a Nov. 12 meeting.

USFWS officials said its population has been affected statewide by lower water
levels, overgrazing, predators such as bullfrogs and invasive plants encroaching
on habitat. Historically, their habitat range extended from British Columbia to
northeastern California. That territory has shrunk by about 76 percent,
according to a release from USFWS. There are still limited populations in
Jackson, Lane, Wasco, Deschutes and Klamath counties in Oregon and five counties
in Washington state.

Jackson County's commissioners have reservations about the idea and its impact
on private property owners.

"The concern is that it's just getting to be death by 1,000 cuts," Commission
Chairman Don Skundrick said. "We are trying to watch out for our constituents'
property values and property rights. It seems like every time we turn around,
there's another species or sub-species somewhere that's being listed."

Skundrick added the current area of consideration is small, but that the impact
is seen when numerous similar small parcels are added up.

"A combination of these little things adds up to be a big thing," Skundrick
said.

Hugh Charley, a cattle rancher who lives in Jackson County but owns a ranch off
Clover Creek Road in Klamath County, said his ranch is near one of the
populations being studied in the Klamath Basin. Charley said he has heard
stories of other ranchers losing grazing allotments because of areas that are
designated as critical habitat, but he wasn't too concerned for his own
operation.

"Just because they're saying the numbers are pretty good around there, I don't
feel really too threatened by it," he said. "But you never know. I suppose I am
a little worried just because of the way things can happen."

An economic analysis that will be used as data in the final consideration is due
out next month, Thrailkill said.

___ (c)2013 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131123-ME-Frog-decision-could-affect-Greensprings-land-1123-20131123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2013 Mail Tribune


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

Storm affects W&M

BYLINE: John Harvey, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 449 words


Aug. 31--WILLIAMSBURG -- James Pagliaro spends most of the fall calling his
teammates into huddles for William & Mary's offense. He spent last weekend
huddled with a few of his teammates, riding out Hurricane Irene.

Instead of wrapping up the Tribe's final fall practice, the 6-foot-3, 288-pound
senior center joined Jake Trantin, D.J. â[#x20ac][#x2c6]Mangas, Terrance Schmand
and Nick Downey. The group played cards and video games waiting for power to be
restored.

"The hurricane was tough," Pagliaro admitted. "We bought a lot of food and
hunkered down and decided to ride it out. But it just drains you when you don't
have power and there's really nothing to do."

W&M coach Jimmye Laycock said he canceled his final two fall practices to allow
the players to prepare for the storm.

Some players left town, going home or to the homes of teammates in Richmond or
Northern Virginia.

"We got quite a disruption here," Laycock said Tuesday. "All have been accounted
for and most of them were at practice Monday night."

Dealing with natural disasters are nothing new for Laycock, who opens his 32nd
season Saturday as W&M's coach.

"We've had it a number of times,"â[#x20ac][#x2c6]Laycock explained. "We've been
completely dispersed. I remember one time looking at film in a handball court
with a generator. Basically, you do what you got to do and make the best of the
situation. Fortunately I have good coaches who don't ask and just go to work."

As luck would have it, the only building on campus with power Monday was the
football offices in the Laycock center.

Coaches spent most of Sunday and Monday contacting players to coordinate a
practice in preparation for Saturday's opener.

"It's not the ideal situation you want heading into a game against Virginia,"
Laycock said.

Pagliaro and his teammates found solace on the practice field Monday as they
began to plan for Virginia.

"It was a real crisp practice," he said. "It was nice to get out there, and
everyone looked really good," he said.

Laycock agreed. "The players were very good about adapting," he said. "It forced
us to change our routine and it allowed us to give the players some time off and
they really responded."

For Pagliaro, who will spend Saturday trying to slow down 300-pound defensive
linemen, football prepared him to handle the hurricane.

"We went out after, and seeing all of the trees down puts things in
perspective," he said. It's all about adapting to your surroundings.

"Football is at least fun," Pagliaro added comparing it to the hurricane. "It's
tough, but at least you get to hit people."

___ (c)2011 The Virginia Gazette (Williamsburg, Va.) Visit The Virginia Gazette
(Williamsburg, Va.) at www.vagazette.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110831-1VG-Storm-affects-W-M-0831-20110831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2011 The Virginia Gazette


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 29, 2010 Friday

Construction to affect traffic on I-8 near Gila Bend

BYLINE: Stephanie A. Wilken, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


Oct. 29--Travelers in the Gila Bend area of Interstate 8 will have some
restrictions with the beginning of a road project Nov. 1.

The Arizona Department of Transportation (ADOT) announced that work will begin
Nov. 1 on a 20-mile long paving project, with paving done in 2-mile increments
per day.

ADOT announced the project in a news release Thursday.

The project will cover 20 miles of I-8 in the Gila Bend area.

According to the release, motorists traveling between Yuma and Tucson can
expect:

-- Work Monday through Friday between the hours of 2 a.m. and 6 p.m.

-- One lane will be restricted for two miles on both east and westbound I-8.

-- No work on holidays.

According to the release, improvements include removing and replacing roadway
with new rubberized asphalt that will provide for a smoother, quieter ride as
well as new guardrail construciton. The project is expected to be completed by
spring 2011.

Message boards will be displayed to inform commuters of construction updates and
restrictions, according to the release. In addition, law enforcement officer
will be present along the work zone to control traffic and monitor speeds.

"As always, drivers are reminded to proceed through the work zone wit hcaution,
slow down and be alert for construction equipment and personnel."

For more information, visit www.az511.gov or call 5-1-1.

Stephanie A. Wilken can be reached at swilken@yumasun.com or 539-6857.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101029-YZ-Construction-to-affect
-traffic-on-I-8-near-Gila-Bend-1029-20101029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           September 1, 2007 Saturday

New laws affect marriage licenses, state pledge, more

BYLINE: By Brandi Grissom / Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 698 words


AUSTIN -- Impostor bands that take the stage in Texas will now have to fess up
or face penalties. And you'll be less likely to face prison time for shooting
someone who breaks into your home.

New laws that took effect Saturday affect both circumstances.

Legislators spent the first half of the year in Austin debating thousands of
proposals to create and change Texas laws. Now the results of those discussions
are playing out in people's daily lives.

"The impact from Austin is greater than the impact from Washington on a
day-to-day basis," said Gregory Rocha, a University of Texas at El Paso
professor of political science.

State lawmakers filed more than 6,200 bills this year, and about 1,400 made it
through the arduous process to become law.

They affect access to restrooms, the Texas pledge of allegiance, how much
exercise kids get at school and more.

State Rep. Chente Quintanilla, D-El Paso, said that after hearing people gripe
about cell phone use in cars, he proposed a law to punish distracted drivers who
cause accidents. "Everybody complains about cell phones, but yet nobody will do
anything about it," he said.

It turned out that most legislators weren't ready to do anything about it yet,
and his bill failed.

But he said that most often, he and other lawmakers share one goal: protecting
Texans. Sometimes, though, he said, they go too far in their zeal to help.

He said a measure that requires lovebirds to pay more for a marriage license
next year unless they take a marriage counseling course first is too intrusive.

"We have put in more government rather than less government that affects the
lives of all individuals in Texas," he said.

Though national debates and political philosophies motivate some laws, Ross
Ramsey, editor of the online political journal Texas Weekly, said, many new laws
spring from concerns and complaints legislators hear in their communities.

"Basically, people vote for legislators to scratch their itches and to solve
their problems, and legislators do that," Ramsey said.

Brandi Grissom may be reached at bgrissom@elpasotimes.com; (512) 479-6606.



New laws
Some new laws approved this year that could affect your daily life:

     ·    HB2685, effective Sept. 1, 2008: Doubles the cost of marriage licenses
          for couples who do not complete a premarital education course. Couples
          will pay $60 if they do not take the course. The license will be free
          if they take the course. SB378, now in effect: Creates an assumption
          of reasonableness under the law for someone who uses deadly force
          against a person who enters or tries to enter their home, car or
          business illegally. It also stipulates that the person does not have
          to attempt to retreat before using deadly force.HB1034, now in effect:
          Adds the words "one state under God" to the pledge of allegiance to
          the Texas flag. The Texas pledge now states: "Honor the Texas flag; I
          pledge allegiance to thee, Texas, one state under God, one and
          indivisible."HB3678, now in effect: Requires school districts to
          create policies that allow students to express religious viewpoints at
          school activities and graduation ceremonies, in classroom assignments
          and in school groups.HB52, now in effect: Medicaid recipients in
          nursing homes will get $60 a month, up from $45, to buy personal items
          such as clothing, shoes, deodorant, denture tablets and soap.HB54, now
          in effect: Imitation bands that try to pass themselves off as the real
          deal could face penalties ranging from $5,000 to $15,000, and the
          attorney general could keep them from performing. Bands that
          truthfully advertise performances as tributes to famous groups won't
          be affected. HB416, now in effect: Stores that have employee restrooms
          only and no public restrooms will have to allow people who have
          certain medical conditions to use those restrooms.HB1713, now in
          effect: Allows parents to have the school bus drop their children off
          at a day-care center or grandparents' house instead of the children's
          house.SB530, now in effect: Students in the third through 12th grades
          will get annual physical fitness tests, and middle-school students
          will have to take four semesters of physical education courses instead
          of two starting in the 2008-09 school year.


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

Republican state senator proposes raising taxes for Maine households earning at
least $250,000

BYLINE: Robert Long BDN Staff

LENGTH: 408 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- Sen. Tom Saviello, R-Wilton, has submitted legislation that
would tax Maine households' earned income that exceeds $250,000 at 8.5 percent,
the top state income tax rate before Jan. 1, when tax cuts enacted by the
GOP-led 125th Legislature reduced the top rate to 7.95 percent. The higher tax
only would apply to the portion of a household's earned income in excess of
$250,000.


Republicans touted a reduction in income tax rates as a signature achievement of
the 125th Legislature, in which the GOP held majorities in the Maine Senate and
House. But Saviello, who is serving his second term as District 18 senator after
eight years representing House District 90, told the Bangor Daily News on
Tuesday that constituents questioned him about extending the tax break to
Maine's wealthiest residents.


"As I talked to many of my people, they said they could understand lowering the
tax rate for working people and changing the estate tax, because that affects
farmers and families," but they didn't understand the need to give high-earners
a tax break, he said.


The legislation has yet to be assigned a legislative document number, according
to Saviello. It would focus exclusively on households with earned income and
would not apply to small businesses or investment income.


Saviello said a Maine Revenue Services official told him that such an income tax
rate increase likely would affect 300 people and generate $5 million annually in
additional state tax collections. The Republican senator said he's optimistic
about the proposal's chances for passage and has approached Senate Majority
Leader Seth Goodall, D-Richmond, to co-sponsor the legislation. Goodall served
as the lead Democrat on the Environment and Natural Resources Committee, of
which Saviello was chairman during the 125th Legislature.


Saviello said he has not discussed his plan with Republican Gov. Paul LePage,
who regularly touts the income tax rate cuts as a step toward improving Maine's
business climate. Saviello said he first considered proposing the change shortly
after winning re-election in November 2012.


"I'm trying to make it palatable for others of my party to be comfortable" with
bipartisan cooperation to deal with state government's fiscal woes, said
Saviello, who originally was elected to the House as a Democrat, but left the
party in 2005. "If I were in that kind of tax bracket, I think I should pay
more. It seems like the right thing to do."

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 16, 2013



CORRECTION:

A story that appeared on page B5 in Wednesday's paper about state Sen. Tom
Saviello's proposal to increase taxes on those making more than $250,000 a year
incorrectly said this would only affect 300 people. Mike Allen of Maine Revenue
Services said the change would affect about 4,100 returns. Allen said he
provided Saviello with the wrong figure.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            December 2, 2007 Sunday

Winter blues can be serious problem

BYLINE: By Cornelia de Bruin The Daily Times

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 403 words


FARMINGTON   Holiday-related stresses can cause people to experience periods of
depression   and their depression can be aggravated by the shorter amounts of
sunlight that occur during the winter months.

Called SAD   seasonal affective disorder   the lessening of the light can hit
some people hard.

"It does happen, and it can have quite an impact on some people," said
Farmington counselor Robert Sherrill, Ph.D., who has counseled people here for
30 years.

Sherrill provided information stating that Major Depressive Disorder can affect
between 10 to 25 percent of women and between 5 and 12 percent of men at some
point during their lives.

Separately from holiday-related depression, seasonal depression affects from 4
to 6 percent of the nation. "Winter blues," can affect from 10 to 20 percent of
people. The Cleveland Clinic notes that three-quarters of sufferers are women
ranging in age from 20- to 40-something.

The number of people who react negatively to shorter periods of daylight
increases the farther north they live. Ten percent of Alaska's population
suffers from SAD compared with 1 percent of Florida's residents.

The exact causes of SAD are not known, but information from the Cleveland Clinic
ties sufferers' latitude to changes in sunlight available to them.

"One theory is that with decreased exposure to sunlight, the biological clock
that regulates mood, sleep and hormones is delayed, running more slowly in
winter," information of the clinic states. "Another theory is that brain
chemicals that transmit information between nerves can be altered in people who
suffer from SAD.

Sherrill refers his winter-reactive patients to the Verilux company, which
invented full spectrum, daylight lighting decades ago.

"Depression is one of the most common mental health conditions in America and
the principle cause of suicides each year," said Linda Roebuck, CEO of the
Behavioral Health Collaborative. "We want New Mexicans to know that early
intervention and treatment of depression are the best ways to prevent suicide."

The Behavioral Health Collaborative was created during the 2004 Legislature to
allow most state agencies and resources involved in behavioral health treatment
and recovery to work as one in an effort to improve mental health and substance
abuse services statewide.

The cabinet-level group represents 15 agencies and Gov. Bill Richardson's
office.

Cornelia de Bruin:  cdebruin@daily-times.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Meadville Tribune (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

Mild weather has many affects on area businesses, governments

BYLINE: Lorri Drumm, The Meadville Tribune, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 795 words


Dec. 17--If you've been holiday shopping recently you've likely heard seasonal
music proclaiming the weather outside to be frightful. You've also probably
heard lots of conversations proclaiming just the opposite.

So what's up with the unseasonably warm temperatures and the lack of a winter
wonderland, and is there any cause for concern?

Not according to WICU-12 Chief Meteorologist Geoff Cornish out of Erie. The warm
weather can be blamed on a strong El Niño, according to Cornish, which may sound
terrifying, but it's actually quite common.

"El Niño is a slowly-evolving weather pattern that can last from eight months to
one year," Cornish said. "It occurs when water temperatures near the equator are
warm for a significant amount of time. One or two El Niños in the course of a
decade are common."

This year's weather pattern is one of the strongest this area has experienced in
a while, according to Cornish. "The last time we saw this kind of strength in an
El Niño was from 1997 to 1998," Cornish said.

"The current El Niño affects the flow of the jet stream, which separates cold
air in the north from warm air in the south," Cornish said. "It's causing the
jet stream to wiggle in a different way, keeping us warmer than usual."

So far this fall, northwest Pennsylvania has tied for the third warmest October
on record and the fifth warmest November, according to Cornish. "We do expect
measurable snow this weekend, but it looks like we'll warm back up for
Christmas," he said. "Some people consider this a welcome break since we had one
of the coldest Februarys on record last year."

Vernon Township Roadmaster Ludwig Zarembinski says the township has seen
significant savings due to the lack of snow. "The price of fuel is about $1
cheaper than it was at this time last year," Zarembinski said. "We've not had to
pay any workers overtime and we've not had any breakdowns of equipment since our
trucks haven't been used for plowing."

While the weather has not produced the need for snow-plowing, it also has not
been conducive to snow-making. Staff at Avalanche Xpress, 15630 Middle Road,
Vernon Township, plan on making snow this weekend, as the temperatures are
expected to drop, according to owner Bill Kingzett.

"We are normally open for the season beginning the day after Christmas,"
Kingzett said. "We are going to be open, the only question is when."

Kingzett explained that consecutive days of cold weather are needed to make
snow. "The temperature needs to be 28 degrees or lower to make snow," he said.
"We don't have to have real snow, but we do need colder temperatures."

"Avalanche Xpress is a business that depends on the weather," Kingzett said. "My
hope is that more people will come out once winter sets in, since they've had to
wait." Kingzett encourages winter enthusiasts to watch for updates on the
Avalanche Xpress Facebook page.

The warm weather has had a significant effect on the sale of seasonal items at
hardware stores also.

"People always think of shovels and snowblowers when they think about winter,
but there are many items sitting on the shelf due to the lack of cold and snow,"
said Dick Holabaugh, long-time owner of Ralston Hardware. Holabaugh has owned
the store at 195 Water St. at Conneaut Lake for 48 years.

"There are many items we have not sold this season that we ran out of last
year," Holabaugh said. "Our pre-season sales were good for people who like to
shop early and be prepared, but many people buy items when they need them, on
demand."

Items from heaters and accessories to windshield washer fluid are not being
purchased this year, Holabaugh said. "Last year we ran out of roof rakes and
could not get them anywhere," he said. "We have lots of them right now."

Road conditions and gas prices combined with the warm temperatures aren't
helping local businesses either, according to Holabaugh. "It's easy to jump in
the car and travel somewhere else to shop," he said. "When the weather is cold
and roads are bad, more people stay close to home."

The one item Holabaugh has sold more of this year is Christmas lights. "More
people are getting out and decorating, so lights are popular," he said.

Whether you are pleased or disappointed with the current El Niño weather
pattern, Cornish pointed out the importance of appreciating the meaning and
correlation of the weather pattern to Christmas.

"El Niño is Spanish for 'the boy' and it typically arrives at Christmas time,"
Cornish said. That is "just something people might not know that will liven up
the holiday conversations."

Lorri Drumm can be reached at 724-6370 or by email at
lorrid@meadvilletribune.com

___ (c)2015 The Meadville Tribune (Meadville, Pa.) Visit The Meadville Tribune
(Meadville, Pa.) at meadvilletribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151217-XM-Mild-weather-has-many-affects
-on-area-businesses-governments-1217-20151217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XM


                      Copyright 2015 The Meadville Tribune


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

DOT board changes affect region

BYLINE: Gareth McGrath, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Aug. 25--SOUTHEASTERN N.C. -- When Michael Lee was appointed to the state Senate
last year to replace the retiring Sen. Thom Goolsby, the New Hanover County
Republican resigned his seat on the N.C. Board of Transportation representing
Southeastern North Carolina.

The position then sat empty for nearly six months before Gov. Pat McCrory
appointed Jacksonville's Sandra Fountain, owner of Coldwell Banker Fountain
Realty, in late March to fill the seat. The local DOT division covers Brunswick,
Pender, New Hanover, Duplin, Sampson and Onslow counties.

So at a time when the region's transportation woes are a hot topic, has the
Wilmington area lost some clout within the DOT because the local division's
board member isn't from the Cape Fear region?

No, officials said, citing changes implemented by McCrory that have largely
watered down the power of the transportation board to influence the state's
transportation planning process and the current composition of the 19-member
board.

Under the new mobility planning formula adopted in June 2013, statewide projects
are now evaluated largely on how they would affect future congestion, existing
traffic conditions and what kind of economic impact the projects would have. The
data-driven model, McCrory has said, is meant to largely take politics out of
the state's road-building process.

But that still doesn't mean the board of transportation can't play a role, Lee
said.

"I think it's really helpful having that local voice, not so far in which
projects get funded because it's not really within the discretion of the board
to a large degree thanks to the new formula," he said. "But if ever there are
any issues that need to be addressed or provide leadership on something, having
a board member from your area can help local policy makers work through all of
those issues that are involved."

Another factor as to why the loss of the Division 3 seat might not be that big
of a deal for the area is that the Cape Fear region isn't without a voice on the
board.

John Lennon, a Wilmington consultant, was appointed to the board in 2013 as an
at-large member focusing on ports and aviation issues.

"It's definitely a plus to have two voices on there," he said, referring to
Fountain. "We've had great interaction so far, and we often consult with each
other on projects. And it's also helpful in that she can cover some meetings and
issues closer to her home and I can do the same for those meetings and projects
in the southern part of the division."

Even if the board doesn't have the authority to select specific projects or
steer DOT policy like it once did, Lennon added that he and Fountain can
advocate for the region on the macro level, especially when it comes to economic
development proposals, and work with local officials -- and residents, if needed
-- to help transportation projects navigate through the sometimes tricky and
cumbersome bureaucratic process.

"That's still an important role, even if a lot of it isn't done in the public
spotlight," he said.

Contact Gareth McGrath at 910-343-2384 or Gareth.McGrath@StarNewsOnline.com

___ (c)2015 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150825-WG-DOT-board-changes-affect-region-0825-20150825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2015 Morning Star


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                July 14, 1996, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Captive audience foreseen for Games

BYLINE: LARA WOZNIAK

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2H

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Adam Paternostro doesn't think Olympic advertising is going to change his
buying habits much at all.

"I'll watch them," said Paternostro, a Tampa computer programer, "but,  well,
it's not going to affect which soft drink I buy."

But according to a new study, other consumers might indeed change their  habits
after seeing ads during the Games, which will run July 19 to Aug. 4.

Olympic advertising may change what beverages, shoes, snack foods and fast
foods some people buy, according to a study conducted by Eisner & Associates,  a
Baltimore advertising agency that monitors brand identity.

But advertising for high-cost goods like cars and computers, or for service
providers such as credit cards, long-distance providers and financial services
isn't as likely to affect purchasing behavior, according to the study.

"Consumers can readily relate to frequently purchased low-cost items,"  said
David Blum, an Eisner strategic planner who has been monitoring sports
advertising for more than 10 years. "They can go to the refrigerator and grab  a
beverage or wear a branded piece of clothing they see advertised during the
Olympics. It's much harder to relate to credit-card purchases or long-distance
services."

Eisner & Associates interviewed 1,000 people to measure anticipated  viewership
and purchasing behavior related to the much-hyped Summer Olympics  in Atlanta.
It will conduct another study midway through the Games to monitor  actual
behavior.

But success isn't just dependent on the type of product advertised, it's  also
reliant on the quality of the campaign.

"It probably depends on how good the commercial is," said Duane Prinslow,  a
Portland resident visiting Tampa this week. "Let's face it, Clydesdales  alone
are not going to affect what I order at the bar. But then again, they  might
affect my date."

The study also showed that more TV viewers are likely to watch both the
Olympics and its ads than not.

Three-fourths of the people interviewed said they would watch the Olympics  and
at least some of the ads. And 33 percent of the respondents said they  would
watch most or all of the ads, instead of running off to the  refrigerator,
bathroom or for the phone to call Aunt Madge.

Meanwhile, only 8 percent of the respondents said they wouldn't watch any  of
the ads even though they'll be watching the Games.

That is similar to the number of people that watch the Super Bowl without
watching any ads.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, courtesy of Anheuser-Busch Inc.; Anheuser-Busch's "World
Party" Budweiser advertising campaign kicked off during Super Bowl XXX, and will
continue through the Olympic Games.

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                           Scottish Re Group Limited

                            Crown House, First Floor
                                 Hamilton HM 08
                                    Bermuda

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Scottish Re is a life and annuity reinsurance specialist based in Bermuda.
Geographic presence and product portfolio are its major strengths, even as its
financial position and cash position remain areas of concern. In future,
interest rates, regulations and natural calamities may affect its business
performance. However, outlook for the US reinsurance segment, economy in the US
and outlook for Bermudian life insurance market may offer ample growth
opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


PRODUCT PORTFOLIO


The company's broad product portfolio is a major strength. Scottish Re provides
a wide range of life, annuities and annuity-type reinsurance products in
Bermuda, the Cayman Islands, Ireland, Luxembourg, and the US. Its portfolio of
reinsurance products includes term life reinsurance, term with multi-year
guarantees reinsurance, ordinary life reinsurance, universal life reinsurance,
cash value life reinsurance and variable life reinsurance. The company also
reinsures mortality, investment, persistency, and expense risks of the US life
insurance and reinsurance companies. Scottish Re provides reinsurance for retail
annuity products which comprise fixed deferred annuities and equity indexed
annuities. Such broad product portfolio enables the company to retain and expand
its existing customer base, in turn driving its top-line performance.

GEOGRAPHIC PRESENCE


The company has a wide geographic presence, which will help it to reach a wide
customer base. The company operates in Europe and North America through its
operating subsidiaries. In North America, it has operations in the US, Bermuda
and Cayman Islands, and in Europe, Scottish Re operates in Luxembourg and
Ireland. Wide geographic presence mitigates the business risks of the company as
it benefits from wider geographic presence such as a wider market reach, scope
for economies of scale and better brand recognition on a worldwide basis.


WEAKNESSES:


CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and cash
equivalents declined from US$227.9 million at the end of FY2014 to US$166.3
million at the end of FY2015, representing a decline of 27.0% over the previous
year. Decline in cash and cash equivalents may be due to the company's weak cash
inflow.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The company witnessed weak financial performance in FY2015, which is an area of
concern. It reported revenues of US$367.3 million during FY2015, compared with
US$499.1 million in FY2014 with an annual decline of 26.4% over previous year.
In addition, it recorded decline in operating and net income levels. It recorded
operating loss US$262.8 million in FY2015, compared to operating loss of US$1.3
million in FY2014. In FY2015, the company recorded a net loss of US$255.5
million, compared to net income of US$6.4 million in FY2014. Such weak financial
performance will affect the investors' confidence on the company.


OPPORTUNITIES:


ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at 2.4%
in 2015. It is expected reach to 2.5% in 2017. The growth will be primarily
driven by continued recovery in the US economy, improving of business activities
and growing economy in Europe and Asia. The growth in the US economy may result
in higher demand for the bank's financial products. Such economic growth is
likely to enable favorable market conditions in the country. This will offer
growth opportunities for the US based reinsurance providers such as Scottish Re.


OUTLOOK FOR THE US REINSURANCE SEGMENT


The company may benefit from the growing trend witnessed in the reinsurance
segment in the US. According to in-house research, the reinsurance ceded by the
US reinsurance segment is expected to reach US$1,088.5 billion in 2019. The key
growth drivers for reinsurance in the US are growing alternative capital supply
will increase reinsurance capacity, technological enhancements, private equity
and pension funds, increased in occurrence of floods, and regulatory changes.
Scottish Re, a provider of reinsurance products in the US, is well placed to
leverage this opportunity.

OUTLOOK FOR BERMUDIAN LIFE INSURANCE MARKET


The company may benefit from the growing trend witnessed in the life insurance
market in Bermuda. According to in-house research, Bermudian life insurance
segment is estimated to reach US$92.5 billion in 2019. This increase will be
primarily due to the implementation of solvency II, growing business from
healthcare captives, increase in life expectancy and rising population. Scottish
Re, which provides reinsurance for life insurance solutions, is well positioned
to benefit from this positive outlook.


THREATS:


REGULATIONS


The company's business is regulated by various governmental and regulatory
authorities in countries of its operations. In March 2016, Bermuda implemented a
regulatory framework equivalent to Solvency II. This will impact commercial
insurance and reinsurance companies licensed as Class 3B and 4, and life
insurers and reinsurers classified as Class A and Class B. Such changes may
adversely affect the company's product range, distribution channels, capital
requirements and, consequently, reported results and financing requirements,
thereby negatively impacting its operations and results.

INTEREST RATES


Fluctuations in interest rates may have a material adverse effect on the
company's profitability. Interest rate risk for insurance companies is a
significant factor in determining profitability. Although rate changes in either
direction may affect insurance companies operations and insurance companies
profitability typically rises and falls in concert with interest rate increases
or decreases. Changes in interest rates can affect the assets and the
liabilities of an insurance company. Insurance companies have substantial
investments in interest-rate-sensitive assets, such as bonds, as well as market
interest rate-sensitive products for their customers. Drops in interest rates
can decrease an insurance company's liabilities by decreasing its future
obligations to policyholders. However, lower interest rates can also make the
insurance company's products less attractive, resulting in lower sales and,
thus, lower income in the form of premiums that the insurance company has
available to invest. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

NATURAL CALAMITIES


Natural calamities are likely to impact the insurance industry. The year 2015
and so far 2016 witnessed a series of natural calamities worldwide such as cold
waves, hurricanes, floods and tornadoes in the US and floods in Ireland. For
instance, in October 2016, hurricane 'Matthew' caused damage in the Caribbean,
Cape Verde Islands, the US and Cuba. In January 2016, the Hurricane Alex
affected the aviation, fleet services and caused severe loss of property.
Natural calamities such as these give rise to uncertainty in the loss estimation
process and adversely impact the operators in general insurance and reinsurance
market. Such events may also adversely impact the company's performance, in the
event of the company failing to implement efficient underwriting practices and
reliable risk assessment methods.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Football Linemen at Higher Risk for Heart Troubles, Study Finds

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: National Health Information Center has issued the following news
release:



 The heart health of football players might depend on the position they play,
with linemen facing a greater risk for certain heart problems compared with
their other teammates, a new Harvard study suggests.





 College football linemen tended to have higher blood pressure than other
players, along with an increase in the thickness of their heart muscle wall,
said lead researcher Dr. Jeffrey Lin, a former cardiology fellow at
Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.



 "Over the course of just one season, there was an increase in the incidence of
high blood pressure among football players, and the linemen tended to be
affected the most," Lin said. "They developed thicker walls of their heart
muscle, and they had decreases in the function of their heart as well."



 These differences likely are due to the demands of a lineman position, said
Lin, who is now a cardiac imaging fellow at Columbia University in New York
City.



 "I think there's something intrinsic to the way linemen train and play that
contributes to the development of high blood pressure," Lin said.



 Lin was to present the findings Tuesday at the American Heart Association's
annual meeting in Orlando, Fla. Research presented at medical meetings is
typically viewed as preliminary because it has not undergone the scrutiny of a
peer-reviewed publication.



 Since 2006, researchers with Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard
University have been studying the way that sports affect the hearts of freshmen
athletes.



 "It's a very unique program where they do very meticulous measures of every
player, and how well they perform," said Dr. Rachel Lampert, an associate
professor of cardiology at Yale University and a member of the American College
of Cardiology's Sports and Exercise Council.



 For this study, researchers in the program examined 87 freshmen football
players to see how a single season would affect their hearts.



 No players in the study had high blood pressure at the beginning of the season.
However, by season's end, nine of the 30 linemen had developed high blood
pressure compared to only four of the 57 non-linemen, the researchers said.



 Experts have long known that athletes undergo changes in their heart due to
regular heavy exercise, but until now it's been thought these adaptations did
not affect overall health, Lampert and Lin said.



 For example, the other college football players developed thicker heart walls
too, but this didn't seem to affect their blood pressure, Lin said.



 "What this study tells us is that some of the changes may be maladaptive," or
bad for the athlete, Lampert said.



 Dr. Gerald Fletcher, a Mayo Clinic cardiologist, agreed with Lin that for
linemen, "this is just a problem with their occupation."



 Linemen are encouraged to bulk up so they can use their weight to block
opposing linemen, and throughout a typical game they rarely are required to
sprint long distances, Fletcher and Lin said.



 "They're continually pushing against the other team, but there's very little
aerobic activity involved," Lin said.



 Football linemen might need more attention from team doctors, given these
findings, Lin said.



 "Perhaps these are the folks we should be following more carefully through a
football season and through their careers, and think of treating them with
medication once they reach a certain threshold of blood pressure," he said.



 Lineman might want to take on more heart-healthy habits in the off-season, such
as eating right and pursuing aerobic exercise, Fletcher added.



 "I don't know how much they encourage that during the season or off-season, but
I think it could help," he said. "They don't get a lot of aerobics during the
season. That's just the way it is."



 These results also show that all athletes can't be lumped together when it
comes to health concerns, Lampert said.



 "The fact that there are differences even within a sport tells us we need to
think about athletes as individuals," Lampert said. "Understanding the causes of
those differences will help us understand why the process is happening in one
group rather than another."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Minnesota Public Utilities Commission; DOC EERA, has issued (
14-21 ) OTHER--FINAL EIS - VOLUME 2 - APPENDIX Q

LENGTH: 1348 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul:  Minnesota Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (docket):





 Appendix Q

 USFWS and DOE Section 7 Consultation

 Department of Energy

 Washington, DC 20585

 October 2, 2015

 Lisa Mandell

 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

 4101 American Blvd. East

 Bloomington, MN 55425

 SUBJECT: Request for Consultation under Section 7 of the Endangered Species Act
for the Great Northern Transmission Line Project

 Dear Ms. Mandell:



 The Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy
Reliability is responding to an application by Minnesota Power (Applicant) for a
Presidential permit to construct, operate, maintain, and connect the proposed
Great Northern Transmission Line (GNTL) Project. Enclosed is a Biological
Assessment (BA) to initiate formal consultation under Section 7(a)(2) of the
Endangered Species Act (ESA).

 The BA has been prepared in accordance with the legal requirements set forth
under regulations implementing Section 7 of the Federal Endangered Species Act
(50 CFR 402; 16 U.S.C. 1536(c)). The description of the proposed GNTL Project in
Section 2.0 includes measures and best management practices that would help
avoid impacts on these species, including time of year restrictions, survey
commitments prior to vegetation management actions (e.g., clearing), and
avoidance of habitat. Section 6.0 of the BA provides a comprehensive analysis of
impacts.

 The DOE prepared the enclosed BA in support of the National Environmental
Policy Act (NEPA) review of potential environmental impacts related to the
proposed GNTL Project. This environmental review is also being conducted jointly
with the state of Minnesota Department of Commerce - Energy and Environmental
Regulatory Analysis (DOC-EERA) under the Minnesota Power Plan Siting Act (PPSA)
in support of the Minnesota Public Utility's Commission Route Permit decision.

 As described in the enclosed BA, the proposed GNTL Project would have no effect
on the Poweshiek skipperling (Oarisma Poweshiek), piping plover (Charadrius
melodus), or the western prairie fringed orchid (Platanthera praeclara). In
addition, the proposed GNTL Project may affect but is unlikely to adversely
affect the gray wolf (Canis lupus), Canada lynx (Lynx canadensis), and Sprague's
pipit (Anthus spragueii). However, the proposed GNTL Project may affect, and is
likely to adversely affect, the Northern long-eared bat (Myotis
septentrionalis), as well as may affect, and is likely to adversely affect
critical habitat designated for the Northern long-eared bat and gray wolf.
Therefore, DOE requests formal consultation under Section 7 of the ESA be
initiated at this time.

 Please feel free to contact me at any time either by email at
Juliea.Smith@hq.doe.gov or by phone at (202) 586-7668.

 Yours very truly,

 Julie Ann Smith, PhD

 Principal NEPA Document Manager

 National Electricity Delivery Division, OE-20

 Office of Electricity Delivery and

 Energy Reliability

 U.S. Department of Energy

 Attch:

 &bull; GNTL Biological Assessment

 Department of Energy

 Washington, DC 20585

 5 November 2014

 Tony Sullins, Chief

 Endangered Species Program

 Midwest Region Ecological Services Office

 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service

 5600 American Blvd. West, Suite 990

 Bloomington, MN 55437-1458

 SUBJECT: Proposed Great Northern Transmission Line Project

 Dear Mr. Sullins:

 The purpose of this letter is to initiate informal consultation under Section
7(a)(2) of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) for the proposed Great Northern
Transmission Line (GNTL) Project. On April 15, 2014, Minnesota Power applied to
DOE's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability for a Presidential
permit proposes to construct, operate, maintain, and connect a 220-mile,
overhead, single-circuit 500 kV AC transmission line between the
Minnesota-Manitoba border crossing northwest of Roseau, Minnesota, and the
existing Blackberry 230/115 kV Substation near Grand Rapids, Minnesota. The
Minnesota Power's proposal also includes associated substation facilities and
transmission system modifications at the Blackberry Substation site, and
construction of a new 500 kV Series Compensation Station (a structure which will
house the 500 kV series capacitor banks necessary for reliable operation and
performance of the proposed transmission line). A new Blackberry 500 kV
Substation would be required for the proposed GNTL Project and would be
constructed adjacent to and east of the existing Blackberry 230/115 kV
Substation. The proposed GNTL Project would carry hydropower generated by
facilities operated by Manitoba Hydro, a Canadian electric utility, and would
support the regional electric grid.

 DOE has determined that an Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) is the
appropriate level of review under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
for this proposed project, as was documented in our Federal Register Notice of
Intent (NOI) to prepare an EIS on June 27, 2014 (79 FR 36493), with an open
public scoping period ending on August 11, 2014. The proposed federal action is
the potential grant of a Presidential permit for the international border
crossing. The proposed construction, operation, maintenance, and connection of
the portion of the transmission line within the United States is a connected
action to DOE's proposed action. DOE will analyze potential environmental
impacts from the proposed federal action and the connected action in the EIS.
The NOI, along with background information, an opportunity to subscribe to our
mailing list, and more, are available at http://www.GreatNorthernEIS.org.

 The Great Northern Transmission Line Presidential permit application (OE Docket
PP-398), including associated maps, drawings, and initial threatened and
endangered species identification study, can also be viewed or downloaded in its
entirety from the DOE Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability (OE)
program Web site at:
http://energy.gov/oe/downloads/application-presidential-permit-oe-docket-no-pp-3
98-great-northern-transmission-line.

 Q-1

 In preparation of their Presidential permit, Minnesota Power collected unique
and protected species information from the Minnesota Department of Natural
Resources (DNR) Minnesota Biological Survey (MBS), Minnesota's Comprehensive
Wildlife Conservation Strategy, USGS Gap Analysis Program (GAP) analysis, and
other sources to identify habitats and species that could occur within or near
the Study Area. The threatened and endangered species (including protected and
candidate species) under the jurisdiction of the USFWS that are potentially
located in the GNTL Project area include, but may not be limited to:

 1. Canada lynx (lynx Canadensis)

 2. Piping plover (Charadrius melodus)

 3. Western prairie fringed orchid (Platanthera praeclara)

 4. Sprague's pipit (Anthus spragueii)

 5. Dakota skipper (Hesperia dacotae)

 6. Poweshiek skipperling (Oarisma poweshiek)

 7. Northern long-eared bat (Mytosis septentrionalis)

 We would very much appreciate USFWS Endangered Species Program's review and
approval of the above-listed potentially affected species, or request that your
program provide DOE with a list of additional protected species that might be
affected and any concerns relative to potential impacts of the proposed GNTL
Project on federally-listed species.

 DOE has also been engaged with the USFWS Twin Cities Field Office staff, and
the field office is acting as a cooperating agency in the development of the
EIS. We look forward to hearing from your office and to working with you and
USFWS staff with regard to the proposed GNTL Project. Please feel free to
contact me at any time either by e-mail at Juliea.Smith@hq.doe.gov or by phone
at (202) 586-7668.

 Yours very truly,

 Julie Ann Smith, PhD

 Principal NEPA Document Manager

 National Electricity Delivery Division, OE-20

 Office of Electricity Delivery and

 Energy Reliability

 U.S. Department of Energy

 Cc:

 Lisa Mandell, USFWS

 Margaret Rheude, USFWS

 Brian Mills, DOE NEPA Compliance Officer Q-2

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                 April 29, 2014

                             Sonic Automotive, Inc.

                               4401 Colwick Road
                              Charlotte,  NC 28211
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Diverse revenue streams

   The company leverages its diversified income streams to mitigate the
historical cyclicality found in some elements of the automotive sector. Sonic's
business benefits from its diversified revenue mix. In addition to selling new
and used vehicles, the company's dealerships generate higher-margin revenues
through maintenance and repair services, sale and placement of third party
finance and insurance products, third-party extended service and maintenance
contracts and replacement and aftermarket automotive products. During FY2012,
the company generated 56.40% of total retail revenue from new vehicle sales
followed by used vehicle sales generating 24.50%, while parts, service and
collision repair represented 13.90%, finance, insurance and other represented
3.00% and wholesale services represented 2.20% of the of total retail revenue.
Such diversified income streams mitigates various operational risks and allows
the company to increase market share.

Steady revenue growth

   Sonic exhibited a steady revenue growth during the review period. It reported
revenues of US$8,365 million during FY2012, which grew at a CAGR of 4.93% during
2008â[#x20ac]"12 with an annual growth of 11.23% over FY2011. The company's
revenue increased primarily due to 14.90% increase in new vehicle sales and
increase in used vehicle unit volume compared to previous fiscal. Steady revenue
growth allows the company to pursue its growth plans and maintain its strong
market position.

Renowned brand offerings

   The company's renowned brand offerings helped it to enter new markets and
reach diversified customer base offering wide choice. Sonic offer over 25
different brands under luxury, mid-line import, domestic cars and light truck
categories. A majority of the company's dealerships are either luxury or
mid-line import brands. Sonic's revenue mix comprises 52.00% related to luxury
brands such as BMW, Aaudi, Mercedes and Lexus, followed by 33.50% related to
mid-line import brands such as Honda, Toyota and Hyundai and 14.50% relating to
brands of the US based manufacturers such as Ford and General Motors. Such
renowned brand offerings help the company to attracting and retain customers
driving its sales growth.
Weaknesses:

Declining profits

The company exhibited a weak financial growth concerning declining profits
during the review period. Though, the net sales of the company have increased in
FY2012, yet its profits declined. It recorded an operating profit of US$221
million during FY2012, which decreased from an operating profit of US$218
million in FY2011, representing a decrease of 1.03%. This was principally due to
the rise in total Selling / General / Administrative Expenses by 5.52% and
Depreciation/Amortization by 14.78%. Furthermore, the company recorded an
operating margin of 2.64% in 2012. This was lower than the operating margin of
its peers, AutoNation, Inc. and Group 1 Automotive, Inc., which recorded the
margins of 4.12% and 3.08% respectively. Thus, the declining profits of the
company may decrease the investor's confidence and hamper its financial
position.

Limited presence

   As Sonic's operations are confined to 14 states of the US, it is vulnerable
to potential risks associated with the US and this may also prevent the company
benefiting from opportunities in other retail markets in the US and
internationally. The company's operations are limited to 14 states and 25 major
metropolitan markets of the US whereas its closest competitor Penske Automotive
Group, Inc. conducts business operations in the UK, Germany, Puerto Rico and
Italy besides operating in the US. This dependence on the US market makes Sonic
vulnerable to economic, social, political and climatic instability in the
region, which may reduce demand for its products or disrupt the supply chain and
may also restrict its market share and growth opportunities.
Opportunities:

Increase in consumer spending in the US

   The company may be benefitted from the increase in consumer spending in the
US. According to a recent report by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA),
in December 2012, the personal income (PI) in the US increased by 2.60%, and
disposable personal income (DPI) increased by 2.70% as compared to November
2012. Additionally, personal consumption expenditures (PCE) increased by 0.10%
for the same period. PI, DPI and PCE have been consistently increasing every
month in the US since October 2012.

   For the entire 2012 period, personal income (PI) in the US increased by US$
455 billion or 3.52% and disposable personal income (DPI) increased by US$381
billion or 3.30% as compared to 2011. In addition, personal consumption
expenditures (PCE) increased by US$391 billion or 3.64% during the same period.
The company offers diverse portfolio of products under various brands, which
enjoy wide reach through its massive presence in the US. Growing personal
income, disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures
indicates improved consumer spending in the US, which may positively affect the
purchases of products and performance of companies such as Sonic.

Market expansion initiatives

   Strategic initiatives offer a strong growth opportunity for the company,
especially while foraying into new markets. Sonic's long-term growth and
acquisition strategy is focused on large metropolitan markets, predominantly in
the California, Southeast, Midwest, Southwest regions of the US. In this
direction, in May 2013, the company entered into an agreement to acquire two
franchises: murray BMW of Denver and Mercedes-Benz of Denver from Murray Motor
Imports Co. of Denver, Colorado, the US. The transaction enables Sonic to
further leverage its existing management infrastructure in the region which
currently operates Mountain States Toyota and Lone Tree Cadillac in Denver
bringing its total dealership count in the Denver market to four. Such market
expansion initiatives help the company to diversify its operations to new
markets providing significant growth in the revenues in the long run.

New auto investment plan in the US

   The company may benefit from the latest strategic plan announced by the US
government to encourage the production and usage of electric hybrid vehicles.
The government has set up a target of more than million environmentally friendly
vehicles in the US by 2015. For this, the US government has plans to invest more
than US$27 billion towards alternative fuel technologies such as Electric
Vehicles (EVs). Additionally, the strategic plan includes issuance of US$7,500
tax credit to purchasers of such hybrid vehicles, which may drive up the current
demand for the vehicles. Of the total amount, US$2 billion may be released by
the Department of Energy for efficient battery manufacturers in the US, US$500
million may be dedicated towards firms that manufacture various components of
these vehicles and US$400 million may be used for setting up the infrastructure,
and technical training of people. Therefore, a strong support from the US
government may help the company invest in hybrid technologies and launch
eco-friendly vehicles. Alternatively, the company may expand its product
portfolio to maintain top line growth in the automotive retail industry.
Threats:

Rise in labor costs

   Increasing manpower costs may have an adverse affect on the retailers, such
as Sonic. The tight labor markets, government mandated increases in minimum
wages and a higher proportion of full-time employees result in an increase in
labor costs. The federal minimum wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor
Standards Act (FLSA). The state minimum wages in Arizona, Colorado, Montana,
Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington have increased between nine cents and 12
cents, in 2011. Additionally, eight states including Arizona, Colorado, Florida,
Montana, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and Washington, increased the minimum wages by 28
to 37 cents, taking the hourly wage between US$8 and US$9, effective from
January 1, 2012. Significant proportion of workers in the retail sector, fall
under the purview of minimum wages. Any such rise in the minimum wages increases
the operating costs of retailers such as the company and has an adverse affect
on their profits.

Increase in counterfeit products

   The company's business may be affected as a result of the huge influx of
counterfeit products globally. High penetration of counterfeit merchandise may
lower the company's sales and affect its profit margins. Moreover, as customers
mistakenly purchase counterfeit products bearing fake labels, the low quality of
the products affects consumer confidence and also damages the brand image of the
genuine company. According to report published by International Chamber of
Commerce (ICC), the global economic and social impacts of counterfeiting and
piracy is expected to reach US$2 trillion by 2015 and places 3 million
legitimate jobs at risk every year. International trade in fakes is expected to
increase to US$960 billion by 2015. Through low price offerings, the imitated
goods are affecting the sales of the branded and genuine products. As the
company deals with several branded and private label aftermarket auto parts and
accessories, it is exposed to such challenges.

Stringent regulations

   The company is required to follow various government and environment
regulations to carry out its business. These regulations comprise competition
legislation, direct and indirect taxes, licenses, various governmental
regulations, and federal, state and local laws relating to the operation of the
business. As the company's business activities release hazardous material in the
environment, regulation requires the company to recycle its batteries, used
lubricants and hazardous or toxic substances that are released into the
environment or workplace. For instance, laws related to greenhouse gas emissions
to be considered by policy makers in the US may directly or indirectly affect
the automobile manufacturer which may affect the supply chain of the company.
The company's compliance with these laws and regulations may have an adverse
impact on operations and business properties, and may therefore hinder the
growth opportunities of the company. In case of failure to comply with the
regulations at any point of time may impose fines and penalties for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Investment Analysis
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Financial Ratios                        History
Investments                             Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                 June 26, 2011

Nonprofits Should Take Steps Now to Guarantee Leadership for the Future

BYLINE: Tom Adams

SECTION: OPINION; Community

LENGTH: 1196  words

ABSTRACT

Nonprofits and foundations need to take steps now to focus on diversity,
leadership training, and executive succession, writes a veteran adviser to
charities.

FULL TEXT

During the worst economic times ever faced by the vast majority of nonprofits in
the United States, we have witnessed remarkably effective management by the
talented and dedicated men and women who serve as executives and board leaders.

Their commitment to survival and growth is one of the key points that comes
across in "Daring to Lead," the new report released by CompassPoint Nonprofit
Services and the Meyer Foundation.

But the survey, based on data from 3,000 leaders, also exposes a challenge
facing the nonprofit world: sustained neglect of the building blocks of high
performance. We are failing to plan for leadership succession, to invest in
executive performance management, to develop leaders, and to attend to the
relationships between board and executives.

Attention to these deficits is critical-especially at this time. A big share of
nonprofit leaders is reaching retirement age. And younger leaders aren't getting
the nurturing they need to gain all the necessary skills to take over.

Devoid of attention, this combination will rob the nonprofit world of decades of
experience and wisdom and leave us unprepared for the future. Despite the
continued economic slump, grant makers and nonprofit leaders alike must do all
we can to deal with this problem.

Charities have countless ways to deal with these challenges, but first nonprofit
leaders must ask themselves this: Is there a direct relationship between
effective leadership and organizational impact?

Not everybody in the nonprofit world does.

Nonprofit leaders need to think really hard about whether they believe their
effectiveness as leaders affects their organization's results. Foundation
executives need to ask two questions-not just about whether their effectiveness
affects the foundation's results but also about whether their grantees'
leadership affects the foundation's results.

If you don't buy the premise, talk with leaders of high-performing businesses,
government agencies, or other nonprofits. I believe you'll find the evidence is
unequivocal, but you must decide for yourself.

If you do believe the answer is yes, then it's time to talk about this issue in
frank conversations with managers, staff members, and board members.

Everyone must be urged to think about their answers to the question: Does
individual and collective effectiveness matter-and what actions and investment
of time and money will increase our results?

For those who say they are ready to take the next steps, here are the best ways
to focus energy and money, based on my work with hundreds of nonprofits across
the country:

Invest in succession planning and leader transitions.

High-performing organizations plan for leadership transition and succession.

For example, William Ewing served as a larger-than-life executive of the
Maryland Food Bank for three decades. His board prepared for his retirement.
Through a careful transition-planning and capacity-building effort, the Maryland
Food Bank continues to thrive and grow under its new executive, Deborah
Flateman.

So plan ahead for transitions of the executive, board chair, and key managers
and board members. These actions will help:

     ·     Recruit a board member with experience in human resources, especially
          with experience managing an executive transition.
     ·     Understand your talent pool. Review leader and management position
          descriptions, key responsibilities, and back-up plans. (The results
          can be used to create a written emergency plan, if you have not
          created one yet.) This information can help you boost talent
          management and sustain current leaders. Small organizations can apply
          this approach to key paid and volunteer positions.
     ·     Give your organization ample time to plan. Organizations with
          long-tenured executives face special challenges preparing for
          transition.


Thoughtful organizations see transition as an opportunity and begin planning for
them two or more years before they occur.

The first stage of review should include a look at the organization's business
model, strategy, resources, leadership, and culture. The plan should express
what to preserve and what to change during the transition. For example, Cabrillo
Economic Development Corporation, in Ventura, Calif., began planning for its
founder Rodney Fernandez's retirement over five years ago and will complete the
transition this year.

Focus on performance management and leader development.

If you don't know where you are going, you most likely won't get there.

Performance management is a process that focuses individual and organization
efforts on shared goals and results.

High-performing organizations link their strategic plan and
performance-management system to leader development aimed at the mission results
they seek.

For example, the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Housing Partnership in North Carolina
incorporates specific objectives from its strategic plan into each senior
manager's performance goals and job description. The result: Despite the housing
downturn, the partnership is developing a 70-acre parcel into a mixed-income
development.

Strive for diversity of leadership.

Community racial and ethnic diversity also influences the leader-development
agenda.

The Denver Foundation, Third Sector New England, the Council of Michigan
Foundations, and the Baltimore-Washington Racial Diversity Collaborative, among
others, offer concrete ways to make attention to changing demographics and
community cultures part of effective leader development.

The high-performing organization sustains success by developing a pool of
diverse, creative leaders who are attentive to the shifting needs of their
constituents.

Support new executives.

About two-thirds of executives are in their first nonprofit executive position.
One-fourth of all nonprofit executives are forced out of their position.

New executives report the most trauma in their second and third years on the
job. A major issue is their relationship with the board, and yet the amount of
time executives invest in working with their board is declining.

Those facts further limit the potential impact of organizations and indeed the
collective power of nonprofits.

Some national organizations and state and local management support organizations
offer assistance to executives and boards in building an effective
board-executive relationship. Some of these also support new executives.

However, we need to broaden this support. Our "sink-or-swim" approach to
executive development is costly and disastrous.

The commitment and zeal exhibited by nonprofits is infectious and inspiring.
This is our individual and collective nourishment and source of renewal.

You cannot read "Daring to Lead 2011" without seeing the results of the
enthusiasm of nonprofit leaders, as well as the opportunity to double down on
leader development and leader transitions and significantly increase our impact
in the world.

It's time for everyone to act on the direct relationship between effective
leadership and mission results. The case is powerful, the potential is stunning,
and the time is now.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 13, 1998, Friday, Final Edition

Washington's New Affirmative Action Question: How to End It

Rene Sanchez, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 1304 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE



Now that Washington voters have approved the nation's second ban on affirmative
action, after a ballot campaign as divisive as any the state has ever seen, the
real ordeal is just beginning.

With less than a month to dismantle policies they have followed for decades,
many officials here sound uncertain, even defiant, about how they plan to
interpret the new law. If carried out to the letter, it will affect hiring and
contracting in every state, county and local government agency and admissions at
every public university.

The University of Washington announced a few days ago that it will no longer
consider race or gender as factors when choosing students -- an abrupt end to a
strategy its campuses have used since the 1960s.

Across the state, however, some public institutions are hinting that they intend
to find subtle ways to circumvent the ban. Others are waiting to take their cue
from Gov. Gary Locke, a Chinese American Democrat who campaigned against the ban
but now has the responsibility of putting it into practice.

"This is not going to be easy," said Martha Choe, a Seattle council member. "A
lot of people are still sorting out what this really means, and they're still
looking for ways to keep the doors for diversity open."

The measure, known as Initiative 200, passed with 58 percent of the vote. It
prohibits "discriminating or granting preferential treatment" to anyone in
Washington based on race, ethnicity or sex. Although it does not affect federal
programs or private employers using affirmative action, the ban could affect a
lot of people here.

The initiative is modeled after California's groundbreaking Proposition 209, a
ban on racial and gender preferences that 54 percent of voters in that state
approved two years ago and that has survived numerous court challenges. But
enacting the same kind of ban in Washington, many officials say, could prove
more difficult than it was in California, and the consequences could also be
profoundly different.

Still, there is little doubt that the measure has strong public support. Voters
approved it even though the popular Locke and virtually every corporate giant
here -- Boeing, Microsoft, Starbucks -- pleaded with them in television and
newspaper ads to block it. Opponents spent four times more money than the
organizers promoting it.

"I think it's a good idea. The best person for the job should always get the
job," said Mike Pearson, 22, as he unloaded thick slabs of fresh salmon on a
damp, overcast morning at the Pike Street Market along Seattle's bustling
waterfront.

Like an overwhelming number of white men in Washington, Pearson said he voted
for Initiative 200, although with reservations. "It's almost to the point that
businesses are just trying to collect different skin colors for show," he said.
"But I do worry now that people could take this to the other extreme and not
hire any minorities or women, which would be just as wrong."

The chief sponsor here and in California was Ward Connerly, an African American
businessman in Sacramento who is a University of California regent and who leads
a group called the American Civil Rights Institute.

In the aftermath of their easy victory last week, Connerly and his allies say
they believe that their idea has universal appeal and that they have momentum to
put similar questions to voters next year in Houston, where preference policies
have won public support, and in states such as Arizona or Michigan. They are no
longer attempting to work through legislatures or courts, saying those routes
have proven to be more time-consuming and less effective than initiatives.

And they do not sound worried about the lengthy fight still ahead in Washington.

"No matter how much they try to stall, eventually we know this is going to
happen," said Michael Gustafson, an Initiative 200 coordinator. "They can argue
the semantics of the initiative all they want, but this is very simple and
straightforward. It's the same as California's, and courts there have already
upheld it. Plus, we obviously have the voters on our side. They cannot ignore
their wishes forever."

No lawsuits have been filed yet to stop Initiative 200, but both sides presume
that a court battle is inevitable. In the meantime, Locke has appointed a task
force to devise a plan to implement the measure. But his administration is
clearly not enthusiastic about it, a stark contrast to California, where
Republican Gov. Pete Wilson played a prominent role in backing and enacting
Proposition 209.

The attorney general of Washington already has issued a 30-page memo that raises
an array of questions about Initiative 200 and suggests that it could be hard
for agencies to interpret because its language is vague. Other state officials
say they may try to reach diversity goals by shifting the focus to economic need
instead of race or gender. In response, proponents of Initiative 200 are forming
their own committee to monitor compliance.

"This is hard for us. We have to move very quickly, but the governor believes we
also still have to continue to promote diversity in the state," said David Chai,
a spokesman for Locke.

County and local governments across Washington also have teams rushing to
rewrite hiring and contracting policies or looking for loopholes before the
measure becomes law Dec. 3. Once it does, some of the impact will be felt
immediately -- from how students seeking to transfer in January to the
University of Washington are chosen, to how police officers and firefighters are
hired, and to how several million dollars in contracts are awarded for school
construction projects slated to begin soon in this fast-growing region.

The long-term effects are less clear. In California, the nation's most racially
diverse state, the ban already had serious consequences even though it was
stalled in court for a year.

The number of black and Latino students being admitted to the two most
prestigious campuses of the University of California -- Berkeley and Los Angeles
-- has plummeted, and the number of Asian and white students is on the rise.
Universities are also spending millions of dollars more on programs targeted at
high schools with large numbers of black or Latino students to improve their
odds of reaching college.

But Washington is more racially homogenous than California. More than 80 percent
of the population here is white, compared with just over 50 percent in
California. No minority group here exceeds 6 percent of the population; in
California, Latinos alone constitute about 25 percent of the state's population.

Whites still dominate public contracting in Washington and enrollment at its
public universities. Minorities own less than 5 percent of the businesses in the
state, and the University of Washington uses race as a factor in only about 3
percent of its admissions decisions.

Last year, for example, only three of the 166 law school students admitted to
the University of Washington, and only five of 176 new medical students, were
black. Even with affirmative action, blacks account for only about 3 percent of
undergraduates at the university, which has 37,000 students. Only about 4
percent of students there are Hispanic. In California, where at some public
campuses race once was used as a factor in more than 40 percent of admissions
decisions, the numbers have been much higher.

To many officials in Washington, those statistics suggest that women could be
most affected by Initiative 200, even though they have not been the focus of the
groups opposing affirmative action programs. Proponents of Initiative 200 barely
mentioned gender preferences in their campaign, although state officials say
that women in Washington benefit more often from affirmative action than
minorities.




LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 28, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Question: Would having to pay sales tax affect your mail-order shopping?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 252 words


Julie Johnson, 29
City clerk
Pierce City, Mo.

No, because it is convenient to shop by catalog. You are not talking a lot of
extra money. I normally purchase clothes and jewelry and have them shipped
directly to me. I usually order out of Chicago or somewhere because I can't find
it where I live.

Harry W. Clark, 75
Retired consultant
Brandon, Miss.

No, it would not. I buy because of the item. However, the paperwork that would
result among the states would make it very complicated for the catalog houses.
All of the states have different sales taxes. For the catalog houses, that would
be very cumbersome.

JoAnn Tall, 39
Community activist
Porcupine, S.D.

I don't feel like this will affect me. I live on a reservation. We buy our
clothes in Nebraska in a border town south of the reservation and also in Rapid
City where there are taxes on clothing. It would be the same because we are used
to paying taxes.

Annie Price, 52
Homemaker
Rockledge, Fla.

It would probably hinder me if I had to pay sales taxes. The merchandise is
expensive enough. I do a lot of ordering from Penney's and Spiegel. You already
have to pay shipping charges as well as other charges.

Eugene Chan, 21
Student
Berkeley, Calif.

Call a spade a spade. If they are going to raise taxes, raise national income
taxes. Congress and state legislatures need to coordinate their efforts to
balance the budget. I order clothes, music and art supplies. I would think twice
about ordering through the mail.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate; Voices

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; VOICES FROM ACROSS THE USA; State officials are looking to
Congress for help in collecting as much as $ 3 billion a year in sales taxes for
catalog orders. The Supreme Court says it's up to Congress to decide whether
states should be allowed to force mail-order houses to collect their sales taxes
for them. USA TODAY asked readers how taxing mail orders would affect them.

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Power outage affects about 1,500 in western portion of Allegany County

BYLINE: Jeffrey Alderton, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


June 13--CUMBERLAND -- A check of various emergency centers in the tri-state
region showed only a few weather-related calls by daylight Thursday. However,
some power outages were reported, including 500 to 1,500 customers without
electrical service in the Frostburg area at about 8:30 a.m.

A severe thunderstorm watch remained in effect until 7 p.m. as posted by the
National Weather Service.

Gusting high winds and heavy rain predicted for the area apparently failed to
materialize, based on Times-News contacts with emergency centers in Allegany,
Garrett, Bedford, Mineral and Morgan counties.

Potomac Edison said crews were en route to repair the unknown cause of a power
outage in Frostburg that apparently extended to Zihlman and Mount Savage. Up to
1,500 customers were reported without power in the western area of Allegany
County.

The Allegany County 911 center said only power outages complaints were received
during scattered severe thunderstorms that swept through the region at about
dawn. Areas of Paw Paw, Oldtown, Mount Savage and the West Side of the city
reportedly experienced outages by mid-morning Thursday.

Emergency dispatchers at various locations sounded a note of relief that
potentially dangerous thunderstorms predicted for the region apparently did not
materialize as predicted by the NWS.

"It was pretty quiet up here. We had one round (of storms) that came through and
cleared out about 6 a.m. We had some high winds and heavy rain," said a Garrett
County dispatcher.

In Mineral County, a 911 dispatcher said  "no outages -- no weather-related
calls" were received there by 10 a.m.

The Morgan County 911 Center received no weather-related complaints by late
Thursday morning. "We didn't get what they thought we would get. We just had one
small thunderstorm go through about 6:30 to 6:45 a.m.," said a Morgan County
dispatcher.

In nearby Pennsylvania, a tree was downed by storms in Bedford County. The
incident occurred on U.S. Route 220 in King Township and was apparently the only
call stemming from thunderstorms.

Contact Jeffrey Alderton at jlalderton@times-news.com

___ (c)2013 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130613-UM-Power-outage-affects
-about-1,500-in-western-portion-of-Allegany-County-0613-20130613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2013 Cumberland Times-News


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Daily Republic (Mitchell, South Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

Legislation could affect sentencing in Diaz case

BYLINE: Chris Mueller, The Daily Republic, Mitchell, S.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 680 words


Jan. 30--PIERRE -- A proposed change to South Dakota law would mean juvenile
offenders convicted of the most serious crimes could face up to life in prison,
but not a mandatory life sentence.

The legislation, Senate Bill 39, would bring South Dakota into compliance with a
recent U.S. Supreme Court decision by allowing a maximum sentence of life in
prison for juveniles convicted as an adult of Class A or Class B felonies.

Maricela Diaz, 18, faces multiple charges, including first-degree murder, for
her alleged involvement in the death of a 16-year-old Mitchell girl, Jasmine
Guevara. Diaz was 15 at the time of the crime.

When Diaz was first indicted with first-degree murder, a Class A felony, she
faced a mandatory sentence of life in prison if convicted. She could not receive
the death penalty because of her age at the time of the crime. As a result of
the Supreme Court decision and the potential change to South Dakota law, Diaz
could still face life in prison, but could also receive a lesser sentence at the
discretion of a judge.

For adults in South Dakota, a Class A felony is punishable with a mandatory
sentence of death or life in prison, and a Class B felony is punishable with a
mandatory life sentence.

The new legislation was proposed by South Dakota Attorney General Marty Jackley
in response to a U.S. Supreme Court decision issued in June that found
sentencing a juvenile to a mandatory sentence of life in prison violated the
Eighth Amendment, which bars cruel and unusual punishments.

Jackley testified before the Senate Judicial Committee in support of the bill.

"They're not saying you can't ever have a life sentence," Jackley said in an
online recording of the committee hearing accessed by The Daily Republic. "It
just can't be mandatory and you better have a hearing."

The bill would require a hearing to be held prior to a sentence being imposed.
Modeled after South Dakota's death penalty laws, the hearing would allow
prosecutors to present aggravating evidence and allow the defendant to present
mitigating evidence before a judge could impose a sentence.

Youthfulness and the chance for rehabilitation could be included as mitigating
factors at the hearing, Jackley said.

"You get to bring in everything," he said.

There have been only three cases of juveniles receiving a mandatory life
sentence in South Dakota, Jackley said.

Diaz is accused of luring Guevara to a rural area in Hanson County and then
stabbing her and leaving her in the trunk of a burning vehicle.

Alexander Salgado pleaded guilty to second-degree murder in August 2010 in
connection with Guevara's death and is now serving a life sentence at the South
Dakota State Penitentiary in Sioux Falls. Prosecutors initially sought the death
penalty for Salgado.

In a signed plea agreement, Salgado admitted to participating in the murder and
to holding Guevara's head while Diaz cut into her neck.

After being moved to adult court, Diaz was indicted on Aug. 5, 2011, on six
charges related to the crime, including first-degree murder, which, under the
current law, is a Class A felony punishable with a mandatory sentence of death
or life in prison.

Because of Diaz's age at the time of the crime, a 2005 U.S. Supreme Court
decision makes her ineligible for the death penalty. If Senate Bill 39 is passed
and Diaz is convicted, she would be sentenced under the new guidelines.

Jackley did not mention Diaz by name, but did briefly allude to her case during
the committee hearing while discussing the idea of juveniles being more prone to
rehabilitation.

"There is an allegation in South Dakota of a juvenile throwing another juvenile
in a trunk, stabbing them, and, while they're alive, lighting the car on fire,"
he said. "I'm not sure I want to take that chance of rehabilitation."

The bill passed 7-0 in the Senate Judiciary Committee on Jan. 17 and 34-0 in the
Senate on Jan. 18. It was referred to the House Judiciary Committee on Jan. 22.

___ (c)2013 The Daily Republic (Mitchell, S.D.) Visit The Daily Republic
(Mitchell, S.D.) at www.mitchellrepublic.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130130-JQ-Legislation-could-affect
-sentencing-in-Diaz-case-0130-20130130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JQ


                       Copyright 2013 The Daily Republic


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 23, 2012 Sunday

Would Romney presidency affect tribe's casino plan?

BYLINE: George Brennan, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1343 words


Sept. 23--When he was the newly elected governor of Massachusetts in 2003, Mitt
Romney had an idea to recoup money going out of state to Indian casinos in
Connecticut.

He offered a deal to Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun: Pay the state of Massachusetts
$80 million, and he would make no attempts to legalize casinos and slot parlors
in the Bay State; don't pay the money and he would work to legalize video
lottery terminals at the state's race tracks, essentially turning places such as
Raynham Park into racinos.

"It was pretty much an extortion ploy: 'You make payments, and we'll legally
agree not to have casinos in Massachusetts. We'll guarantee you a monopoly,'"
said Clyde Barrow, a casino expert and director of the Center for Policy
Analysis at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth.

Foxwoods and Mohegan Sun, which were flying high at the top of their casino
games at the time, called Romney's bluff and refused to pay. Romney never
followed through on his threat to allow slots at the tracks.

Whether Romney's plan would have withstood legal challenges is open to
speculation. Federal law allows federally recognized Indian tribes to offer the
same types of state-legalized gambling on reservation land.

Now that Massachusetts has legalized casinos and the Mashpee Wampanoag are on
the federal government's doorstep with a plan to open a tribal casino: What
would a Romney presidency mean to that plan for a $500 million Indian casino in
Taunton? Would Romney, the former governor, help push the project along or would
he follow the lead of the Bush administration that, at times, showed open
hostility toward the proliferation of tribal casinos, especially those in areas
far away from the tribe's reservation, according to experts.

The Romney campaign did not return repeated emails and phone calls seeking
comment.

"I don't know much about how Romney would be," Cedric Cromwell, chairman of the
Mashpee Wampanoag Tribal Council, said Thursday. "He hasn't come out with
anything specific in his platform about what he would do for tribes."

On the other hand, Cromwell praised the Obama administration, saying the
president's leadership has been "amazing and powerful." The tribe has received
grants for its health program and government center, and the president has
personally pushed for a fix to the Supreme Court's 2009 "Carcieri decision,"
which left lingering questions about the authority of the Interior Department to
take land into trust for tribes recognized after 1934.

The only hint that tribe issues are on Romney's radar screen is a report on the
Indian Country Today website about a fundraiser he held in August in Boston with
tribal leaders. The report doesn't indicate who was at the event, but quotes a
Romney-Ryan adviser on Indian issues.

"I thought the meeting was very positive," John Tahsuda, a tribal lobbyist with
Navigators Global, told the publication. "Governor Romney spent quality time
with the tribal leaders, engaging in a real give-and-take discussion. He
expressed his understanding and support of tribes' inherent sovereignty. He also
expressed his support for and desire to strengthen the federal policy of
self-governance."

Tahsuda did not return repeated calls to his Washington, D.C., firm seeking
further comment.

Philip Baker-Shenk, a partner with Holland & Knight, a law firm that works with
tribes and states on Indian issues, was at the fundraiser, too.

"I have every confidence that the Romney/Ryan administration would follow in the
footsteps of the Nixon administration, the Reagan administration and the Bush
administrations and continue government-to-government relationships with tribes
in Massachusetts," he said in a brief interview.

Holland & Knight is one of the firms hired by Massachusetts to help negotiate a
compact with the Mashpee Wampanoag and is now lobbying on behalf of the state
for federal approval of the tribe's land-in-trust application as part of that
deal.

Cromwell said he wasn't invited to the Romney fundraiser in Boston and wasn't
even aware that it happened.

Exactly what a Romney administration might mean for Indian country, in general,
and the Mashpee Wampanoag, in particular, will come down to whom he would put in
charge as secretary of the U.S. Department of the Interior and the Bureau of
Indian Affairs, said Matthew Fletcher, director of the Indigenous Law & Policy
Center at Michigan State University,.

Bush didn't have an assistant secretary in charge at the bureau for six years
and the Interior Department was "openly harsh" toward tribes, Fletcher said.

Most Indian experts agree that the Obama administration has been more respectful
of tribes' sovereign rights and open to tribe issues, with Fletcher calling the
president "exceptional" on Interior-related issues. That's why some tribes, as
they did when President Clinton was leaving office, are attempting to get the
Interior Department to act on outstanding issues before the upcoming
presidential election. There could even be a flurry of activity should Obama
become a lame duck, Fletcher said.

Even that's no guarantee. Two tribes that were granted federal recognition in
the final days of the Clinton administration saw those decisions reversed under
Bush, Fletcher said.

Dennis Whittlesey, a Washington, D.C., attorney who represents tribes across the
country, said some are trying to push projects along under the more
tribe-friendly Obama administration and to avoid the uncertainty a Romney
presidency would bring.

"He's not made any public statements about Indian matters," Whittlesey said of
Romney. "Historically, Republicans have not been as friendly toward Indian
affairs as Democrats. If past is prologue, it will not be as friendly an
environment for tribes under a Romney administration as it has been under
Obama."

Gov. Deval Patrick is openly lobbying for the Mashpee Wampanoag's casino plans
in the deal he struck with the tribe for payments of 21.5 percent of gross
gambling revenue from the Taunton project.

The Mashpee Wampanoag tribe has filed its application for land in trust, and the
state and tribe have submitted the compact for approval by the Bureau of Indian
Affairs. That decision could come around the same time as Election Day. The
tribe's application to have 170 acres in Mashpee and 146 acres in Taunton taken
into trust is more complicated and could take months, if not years.

"I would say, if they don't have a decision done by the end of this year and we
have a new administration, things will be put on hold for a while," Whittlesey
said.

Steven Light, co-director of the Institute for the Study of Tribal Gaming Law
and Policy at the University of North Dakota, said Romney respects states'
rights as a "tenant of conservatism" and that could translate into respect for
the deal reached between Patrick and the tribe.

"Romney's experience as a Massachusetts governor and his interest in state
sovereignty would weigh in favor of determinations made by the Patrick
administration and all the folks in Massachusetts," he said.

In 2010, John McCain, the Republican nominee, was considered someone who would
be supportive of sovereign rights and self-determination for Indian tribes,
Light said. But McCain was also critical of off-reservation tribal casinos, he
said.

The Obama administration has proven to be supportive of tribal self-governance,
but movement has been slow -- "more incremental than transformative" -- in
easing some of the regulations imposed by the Bush administration, Light said.

All of the experts caution that it's pure speculation what a President Romney
would mean to Indian Country and the Mashpee Wampanoag.

"It's hard to really know, but the fact is that Democrats like Obama have been
more favorably inclined to Indian tribes on land in trust," Barrow said.

That would seem to make the Mashpee Wampanoag better off rooting for four more
years of Obama than the unknown of Romney.

"No doubt about it," Barrow said.

___ (c)2012 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120923-CA-Would-Romney-presidency-affect
-tribe-s-casino-plan-0923-20120923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2012 Cape Code Times


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

Helium shortage affects small businesses first

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg and Kelli Wynn, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


Sept. 20--A global helium shortage that has caused balloon retailers to scramble
for tanks of the gas and raise their prices is expected to last into 2013,
according to an official with the U.S. Department of the Interior's Bureau of
Land Management.

Local welding and gas companies and balloon retailers rely on helium, which is a
non-renewable resource and considered to be a much safer gas to use. The gas
also is used by high-tech businesses and hospitals.

Susan Smith, owner of Flowers by Nancy at 6401 Germantown Road in Middletown,
said prices for a tank of helium have rocketed from under $100 dollars a tank a
year ago to nearly $200 today.

In her 32 years in business, there's never been a price increase like that,
Smith said.

"We've been told where we get our helium that eventually it's just going to be
for medical use because it is a shortage and it's not a gas that reproduces,"
she said.

Keith Stall, general manager at Party City in Bridgewater Falls, said customers
have been surprised and relieved to get any of the in-demand gas.

When helium supplies dried up at other locations earlier this month, the
Fairfield Twp. store picked up the slack, inflating 200 more balloons than a
typical weekend and lifting business by about 30 percent.

"We were slammed," he said. "We were one of the only stores that had it, so they
all flocked to us."

Stall attributes the difference in the amount of helium available to certain
stores being allocated different amounts every month.

"We just either had a slow amount going into it or their stores were busier," he
said.

Tom Newman of Matheson Gas, which has location in Hamilton, Cincinnati and
Dayton, said although the company is trying to do all it can to help meet the
needs of its customers, orders for equipment that require speciality helium --
which goes through a different purification process -- take priority.

This speciality helium can be used for balloons, "but it's more expensive,"
Newman said.

The increased cost of buying the helium tanks has led to an increased cost for
consumers, Smith said.

"We've had to raise our prices ... to make sure we weren't losing, not going in
the hole filling the balloons," she said.

A latex balloon that sold for $1.25 at this time last year now retails for $2,
Smith said.

"We are producing as much (helium) as we can, but we cannot keep up with the
demand," said Sam Burton, assistant field manager for the Bureau of Land
Management's Federal Helium Program in Amarillo, Texas. He said that the bureau
offers 2.1 billion cubic feet of crude helium for sale a year.

The overseas demand for helium, a byproduct of natural gas, is increasing. For
example, Asian markets have increased their helium requests by seven to 10
percent, Burton said.

"Natural gas fields are high in helium in the United States, but not overseas,"
Burton said. "The good news is that we have a lot of it. It just needs to be
extracted and purified."

The government extracts the crude helium and sells it to private companies,
which refine it and sell it.

Federal market needs are taken care of before private companies can purchase
supplies, according to Burton. However, he said, "about a tenth of what we sell
goes to government use and about 90 percent is for private use."

Private companies are selling helium to hospitals, airplane manufacturers and
those in the research industry. Helium is critical because it is used for things
such as fiber optics, lasers, weapon systems, rockets and missiles. It can be
used to detect dirty bombs.

"If it's high tech, there is helium in there somewhere," Burton said, adding
that the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, NASA and
Boeing all rely on helium for their operations.

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120920-HL-Helium-shortage-affects-small-businesses-first-0920-20120920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 25, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

BRIEFS ;
 Debt Issues ;
 Debt Ratings

SECTION: Section D; Page 11, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 511 words


Kleinwort Benson Finance B.V.  came to market with a $150 million floating-rate
note issue through Credit Suisse First Boston. The notes have a coupon of 1/4
percentage point over the mean of the six-month London interbank offered rate.

Empire District Electric Co.  had its first mortgage bonds and collateralized
pollution-control revenue bonds upgraded to Ax from A, and its commercial paper
upgraded to A1x from A1 by S.& P. The actions affect about $91 million.


* NUI Corp.'s Elizabethtown Gas Co.'s debentures and gas facilities revenue
bonds were upgraded to Ax, from A by S.& P. The action affects about $40
million.


* U.S. Gypsum's senior debt rating was lowered to AA- from AA, by S.& P. The
agency also cut its rating on Gypsum's subordinated debentures to Ax from AA-,
and on its preferred stock to AA- from AA.


* Williams Companies had its 9.4 percent sinking fund debenture issue and its
Tulsa, Okla. industrial revenue bonds upgraded to Ba-1 from Ba-2 by Moody's. The
agency assigned a Ba-3 rating to the company's planned issue of $125 million of
convertible subordinated debentures. The changes affect about $250 million.

Common Stocks


* Aceto Chemical Co., of Flushing, Queens, said it planned to buy up to 200,000
shares of its stock privately or on the open market over the next three years.


* Advanced Tobacco Products, a smokeless tobacco products company based in San
Antonio, said its initial public offering of 1.25 million units had been priced
at $6.50 per unit through Schneider, Bernet & Hickman.


* Bandag Inc.  said it planned to repurchase up to 1.6 million shares of its
outstanding common stock.


* Compusave Corp., a video catalogue system company in Newport Beach, Calif.,
said its initial public offering of 1 million shares had been priced at $5 a
share through Gilford Securities Inc.


* Display Components Inc. , a magnetic electron optical devices company in
Westford, Mass., said it had filed for an initial public offering of 450,000
common shares through Advest Inc. The initial offering price is expected to be
$4 to $5 a share.


* Home Owners Federal Savings and Loan of Massachusetts said its initial public
offering of 728,132 common shares had been priced at $10 a share through Bear,
Stearns & Co.


* Kaufman & Broad Inc. , a housing and mortgage banking company in Los Angeles,
said it planned to repurchase from time to time up to 1.5 million shares of its
common stock in the open market or through private transactions.


* Learning Annex Inc., a vocational skills company based in New York, said its
initial offering of 335,000 units had been priced at $7.50 each through Bond
Richman & Co. Each unit consists of 3 shares of common stock and 2 common stock
purchase warrants.


* Middle South Utilities, a public utility holding company in New Orleans, said
it had filed to issue 8 million shares of common stock during the first half of
June through Morgan Stanley & Co.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  February 19, 2003 Wednesday Michigan Edition

Light therapy switches off SAD sufferers' blues

BYLINE: By PATTY LEVINE; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. C2; OUR HEALTH

LENGTH: 1147 words


It's hard to resist the urge to hibernate in winter when the days are shorter.
Some people curl up in front of the fire, while others crawl into bed and don't
get up unless they absolutely have to.

Everyone has an occasional bout of winter blues, but for some, the seasonal
doldrums are severe enough to interfere with their daily lives. This past Dec.
21 was the low point of the year for an estimated 10 million Americans. That
date marks the winter solstice -- the shortest day of the year. That's the time
the sun as seen from the Earth seems to halt in its annual southward path and
begins to make its way north again.

Scientists began to understand the power of sunlight to affect well-being in
1984, when Dr. Norman Rosenthal, a senior researcher and psychiatrist at the
National Institutes of Mental Health, described a syndrome that affects
sunlight-starved people in the winter.

The syndrome is called SAD, or seasonal affective disorder, and affects women
twice as much as men. This type of winter depression creates fatigue, lack of
energy, difficulty concentrating, sleeping too much and a craving for
carbohydrates, as well as weight gain. Symptoms begin in the fall or early
winter when daylight savings time ends and the days become shorter. These
symptoms usually diminish in spring when the days get longer and warmer.

According to Mishawaka psychiatrist Dr. David Sonego, light helps boost mood.
The secret of the relationship lies with a brain hormone called melatonin which
is made by the pineal gland, a pea-size gland tucked in folds just underneath
the brain.

The fading of light in the evening triggers a chain reaction of nerve signals in
the eye and the SCN, or superchiasmic nucleus, the spot where the optic nerves
cross. These nerve signals instruct the pineal gland to start making melatonin,
which some studies suggest can trigger lethargy and sleep. When morning comes,
the increased light shuts down the system and production of melatonin falls.

The longer the period of darkness -- like the long winter nights in higher
latitudes -- the more melatonin is secreted; the shorter the night, the less
melatonin is made. In fact, the syndrome's prevalence increases in those places
farthest from the equator where winter days are the shortest. One study showed
that SAD affects only about 2 percent of people living in Florida compared with
20 percent of the population in the north.

In addition to the relationship between melatonin and light, a recent study
published in The Lancet found that concentrations of a chemical messenger in the
brain rise and fall in relation to the amount of sunlight. The chemical,
serotonin, one of many neurotransmitters that nerve cells use to communicate
with one another, has been linked to depression. The researchers wrote that
their findings were evidence that changes in release of serotonin by the brain
also underlie seasonal affective disorder.

Sonego, like many other physicians, finds those antidepressant medications known
as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors

( SSRIs) act in the brain to raise serotonin levels. These drugs, such as
Prozac, Zoloft and Paxil, help to alleviate the symptoms of other depressive
disorders as well as seasonal affective disorder.

The other remedy for lack of light is light itself, either the sun or the next
best thing -- light boxes containing fluorescent bulbs that emit up to 10,000
lux, a measure of light intensity. Doctors recommend broad-spectrum white light
for at least 30 minutes in the early morning throughout the fall and winter to
combat seasonal affective disorder.

Dr. Dan Oren, assistant clinical professor of psychiatry at Yale University,
says that light therapy helps SAD patients. Since light suppresses melatonin
production, light therapy may help patients with SAD by resetting the body's
internal clock or circadian rhythm so that sleep-wake cycles, which drift later
and later in the winter, get back in sync with other body rhythms.

"Light therapy helps to lessen that 'jet- lagged' feeling that occurs when sleep
and other circadian rhythms aren't working together," he says.

However light therapy may work, there have been dozens of studies that indicate
that it clearly does help in cases of SAD. Three well-done studies in the
Archives of General Psychiatry support the case for light therapy and show that
morning light is better than evening light for twice as many of SAD sufferers,
perhaps because it's a more effective way to reset the circadian clock.

For Monni Must of Bloomfield Hills, Mich., light therapy provided a welcome
solution to a frightening problem. "When my daughter, Sabrina, began grammar
school, she started to become easily tired and lethargic and had trouble staying
awake," she recalls. Sabrina's pediatrician was as baffled as her mom was and
tested the little girl for leukemia and other diseases.

A family trip to Florida over Christmas vacation provided a clue to what the
problem with Sabrina might be.

"After only two days in the warm sun, Sabrina was better," her mom says.

After a friend mentioned seasonal affective disorder to Must, she thoroughly
researched the topic, and, even though the syndrome is not often diagnosed in
children, believed that SAD might be causing Sabrina's problems. With the
concurrence of her pediatrician, Must ordered a light box, and Sabrina's
treatment began. " She would sit in front of the box every morning while she ate
her breakfast," Must says.

Now a junior in high school, Sabrina hasn't needed the light box for the past
year. Her mother adds that even though antidepressant medications may be
warranted for some SAD patients, doctors should be open-minded about light
therapy either by itself or in conjunction with these drugs.

Kirk Renaud, CEO of Bio-Brite Inc. of Bethesda, Md., says that the light therapy
products his company manufactures deliver broad spectrum white light, which is
about 20 times brighter than ordinary room light and about the same intensity as
outdoor daylight. There are four product options available: the light boxes
themselves can be put on a tabletop or mounted on a stand; there is a model
configured like a desk lamp that can be used in an office setting; there is a
head-mounted light source that looks like a tennis visor that is both portable
and allows for mobility during light sessions; the newest technology, called a
dawn simulator, mimics natural sunrise and is a clock with lighting attachments
that help people wake up more easily in the morning. The dawn simulator can be
used in conjunction with the other lighting options.

Oren says that light boxes emit little ultraviolet radiation and no excess
brightness, so there should be no danger to the skin or eyes. But people who
think they may have SAD should first seek help from a professional to get the
proper treatment, Oren says.


LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: For more information On light boxes:   Bio-Brite Inc.,
www.biobrite.com;  (800) 621-LITE (5483)  Sunbox Co.,  www.sunboxco.com;  (800)
548-3968  Reference book:   "Winter Blues: Seasonal Affective Disorder -- What
It Is and How to Overcome It" (second edition), by Dr. Norman Rosenthal,
Guilford Press, 1988.  Available at Borders Books Music & Cafe and Barnes &
Noble Booksellers.  On SAD:   The National Organization for Seasonal Affective
Disorder (NOSAD),  P.O. Box 40133  Washington, DC 20016;  www.nosad.org

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

When you eat can affect your heart;
New research says the earlier you have your meals, the better.;
HEALTHY EATING

BYLINE: ByAna Veciana-Suarez

SECTION: ; Pg. SA2

LENGTH: 434 words


The American Heart Association says the timing of your meals can affect your
cardiovascular health.

It's not just what you eat that affects the health of your heart. It's also when
you eat it.

A new statement by the American Heart Association says there's growing evidence
that the timing of your meal matters when it comes to cardiovascular disease.
The conclusion: Earlier is better.

The statement, published in the American Heart Association journal Circulation,
suggests that planning when to consume meals and snacks as well as not skipping
breakfast - all hallmarks of a healthy diet - might reduce cardiovascular
disease.

The reason? Our organs have their own internal body clocks that may influence
how we handle food.

"Meal timing may affect health due to its impact on the body's internal clock,"
said Marie-Pierre St-Onge, an associate professor of nutritional medicine at
Columbia University in New York City, in a statement. "In animal studies, it
appears that when animals receive food while in an inactive phase, such as when
they are sleeping, their internal clocks are reset in a way that can alter
nutrient metabolism, resulting in greater weight gain, insulin resistance and
inflammation. However, more research would need to be done in humans before that
can be stated as a fact."

That heart association statement doesn't provide hard and fast rules about meal
timing, but St-Onge, the lead author, did say eating later in the evening means
"it's harder for the body to process glucose (sugar), compared with earlier in
the day."

Nor does the statement give specific guidance how often to eat. While some
studies have shown that people who eat more often during the day have a lower
risk of obesity and better cholesterol levels, the AHA says medical trials
altering meal frequency haven't been conclusive. St-Onge told HealthDay that
there is no one-size-fits-all prescription.

"If you're someone with good control over your diet, maybe grazing is a good
idea," St-Onge said. "But if it's difficult for you to stop eating once you
start, it's probably not a good idea."

Breakfast gets a nod, but it's short of making it the most important meal of the
day.

"There is a link between eating breakfast and having lower heart disease risk
factors," the statement continues. "Studies have found people who eat breakfast
daily are less likely to have high cholesterol and blood pressure, and people
who skip breakfast - about 20 percent to 30 percent of U.S. adults - are more
likely to be obese, have inadequate nutrition, show evidence of impaired glucose
metabolism or be diagnosed with diabetes."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday

When you eat can affect your heart;
New research says the earlier you have your meals, the better.;
HEALTHY EATING

BYLINE: ByAna Veciana-Suarez

SECTION: ; Pg. SA2

LENGTH: 434 words


The American Heart Association says the timing of your meals can affect your
cardiovascular health.

It's not just what you eat that affects the health of your heart. It's also when
you eat it.

A new statement by the American Heart Association says there's growing evidence
that the timing of your meal matters when it comes to cardiovascular disease.
The conclusion: Earlier is better.

The statement, published in the American Heart Association journal Circulation,
suggests that planning when to consume meals and snacks as well as not skipping
breakfast - all hallmarks of a healthy diet - might reduce cardiovascular
disease.

The reason? Our organs have their own internal body clocks that may influence
how we handle food.

"Meal timing may affect health due to its impact on the body's internal clock,"
said Marie-Pierre St-Onge, an associate professor of nutritional medicine at
Columbia University in New York City, in a statement. "In animal studies, it
appears that when animals receive food while in an inactive phase, such as when
they are sleeping, their internal clocks are reset in a way that can alter
nutrient metabolism, resulting in greater weight gain, insulin resistance and
inflammation. However, more research would need to be done in humans before that
can be stated as a fact."

That heart association statement doesn't provide hard and fast rules about meal
timing, but St-Onge, the lead author, did say eating later in the evening means
"it's harder for the body to process glucose (sugar), compared with earlier in
the day."

Nor does the statement give specific guidance how often to eat. While some
studies have shown that people who eat more often during the day have a lower
risk of obesity and better cholesterol levels, the AHA says medical trials
altering meal frequency haven't been conclusive. St-Onge told HealthDay that
there is no one-size-fits-all prescription.

"If you're someone with good control over your diet, maybe grazing is a good
idea," St-Onge said. "But if it's difficult for you to stop eating once you
start, it's probably not a good idea."

Breakfast gets a nod, but it's short of making it the most important meal of the
day.

"There is a link between eating breakfast and having lower heart disease risk
factors," the statement continues. "Studies have found people who eat breakfast
daily are less likely to have high cholesterol and blood pressure, and people
who skip breakfast - about 20 percent to 30 percent of U.S. adults - are more
likely to be obese, have inadequate nutrition, show evidence of impaired glucose
metabolism or be diagnosed with diabetes."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

Register Today for Texas Compliance Alert Seminars

LENGTH: 383  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Cornerastone Credit Union League, The State of Arkansas has issued
the following news release:

 Alert! New BSA Regulations



 New Customer Due Diligence (CDD) regulations are effective July 11, 2016. You
must comply by May 11, 2018. These regulations affect many areas of the credit
union especially new member account opening processes. Will you and your staff
be ready?





 Join your colleagues in Houston or Dallas for the next Compliance Alert
Seminars, and learn everything you need to know to be in compliance with these
new regulations.



 Houston, Oct. 3

 Doubletree Houston Hobby Airport

 8181 Airport Blvd.

 Houston, TX 77061

 Register Now



 Dallas, Oct. 4

 Doubletree Dallas by the Galleria

 4099 Valley View Ln.

 Dallas, TX 7524

 Register Now



 There are four elements to the new CDD regulation which affect legal entity and
three elements that affect consumer accounts, and it's going to be a very
integrated process. You'll need to understand how the elements are
interconnected with your BSA program, new member process, and ultimately
tracking member activity based on the risk-rating questions. If you are a small
or large institution you must comply with these new rules.



 Who Should Attend?

 Membership service representatives, deceased accounts representatives, share
operations staff, compliance and BSA officers, branch and training personnel,
and managers.



 Deborah CrawfordYour Presenter:  Deborah L. Crawford

 As president of Gettechnical, Inc., Deborah Crawford specializes in the
education of credit union employees and officers in the areas of deposit account
laws, new account documentation, complex compliance regulations, and IRAs.
Crawford is well known within the industry for her humorous delivery, personal
accounts, and promise to reach each and every attendee in her seminar.



 Grant Assistance

 The Cornerstone Credit Union Foundation is accepting grant applications for
League training events based on financial need. Applications must be received by
application deadlines. Please visit the Foundation's website to view all grant
applications, guidelines and deadlines. Contact Emily Moreno, Foundation grants
manager, at 469-385-6483 for more information.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 20, 2013 Tuesday

New policy to affect recouped Marines

BYLINE: Jose Quintero, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


Aug. 20--BARSTOW -- Recouped Marines who volunteer for a deployment longer than
180 days after accepting voluntary separation pay will be subject to pay back
the government their payout, according to newly signed Marine Administrative
Message 387/13.

Reserve Marines recalled involuntarily for a deployment are not subject to
repayment, according to the administrative message.

According to Maj. Shawn Haney, Public Affairs officer for Marine Corps Manpower
and Reserve Affairs in Quantico, Va., this is a small piece of the puzzle as the
Marine Corps cut back personnel from 202,100 to 182,100.

"It's a lot like a pyramid," Haney said. "The majority are junior Marines that
have to work their way up the pyramid. The right and best way to draw down on
that huge pyramid is slicing down the sides and targeting specific grades. This
won't affect just any Marine, it's by rank and military occupational specialty."

Haney said the administrative message will have "very little" impact to Marines
stationed at the Marine Corps Logistics Base.

Rob Jackson spokesman for MCLB said there are not many Marines directly affected
by administrative message 387/13 Jackson said to his knowledge, most of them are
close to their 20 years required to retire.

"Most of them are probably just going to retire," Jackson said "It's kind of
like breaking a contract, if you take the voluntary separation and join a
reserve unit for more than 180 days, that VSP money will have to be paid back. I
read the message and I said 'whoa.' I guess if you take the voluntary
separation, it's best just to stay out."

According to a report from the Marine Corps Times, staff sergeants ranging from
administrative specialist to military police jobs have been offered thousands of
dollars to leave the service.

Haney said VSP is based on a formula utilizing rank and years of service
enlisted in the Marine Corps.

___ (c)2013 the Daily Press (Victorville, Calif.) Visit the Daily Press
(Victorville, Calif.) at www.vvdailypress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130820-VV-New-policy-to-affect-recouped-Marines-0820-20130820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Press


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday

Letter: Evidence-based medicine always the best choice

BYLINE: Susan Moreland, DVM

SECTION: VIEWPOINT; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 430 words


Editor:

This letter is in reference to the article entitled, "Desperation Leads to
Parvovirus Cure" by John Buchanan, San Juan Voices, Farmington Daily Times March
29.

The title of the article attracted the reader's attention. The text contained
numerous errors.

Canine Parvovirus and the Feline Panleucopenia virus are in the same family.
Canine Parvovirus and the viruses that cause feline leukemia are unrelated.
Canine Parvovirus affects the small intestine of dogs. Parvovirus affects
puppies. Rarely will canine Parvovirus affect a dog over one year old. Recovery
from Parvovirus imparts permanent immunity. There is no carrier state.

Canine Parvovirus is transmitted in the vomit, saliva and diarrhea of affected
dogs. Dogs less than nine months of age that exhibit anorexia, depression and/or
vomiting/diarrhea can potentially have Parvovirus. There is a test, performed on
the feces, to determine if the dog is shedding the Parvovirus in its stool.

Parvovirus does not actually kill the puppies the virus affects. Dehydration and
the overwhelming bacterial infection that gain entrance to the dog's body
because of the damage done to the small intestine by the virus kill the affected
puppy.

The dehydration needs to be treated with intravenous fluids; the overwhelming
infection is most effectively treated with injectable antibiotics. Medication
that is administered orally - i.e., by mouth - tends to be ineffective because
the patient vomits the medication before it can be absorbed by the dog's body.

"Solution 164" cited in Mr. Buchanan's article is an example of medication
administered orally.

The clinical signs and effects of canine Parvovirus can range from mild to
severe. Sometimes patients who are mildly affected respond to having food and
water withheld for 24 hours, allowing their stomach to settle. A significant
number of puppies with Parvovirus require IV fluids, antibiotics, electrolyte
replacement, and frequent evaluation by a skilled nursing staff. Presently
Animal Haven Clinic saves about 85 percent of the patients that have Parvovirus.

Evidence-based medicine is considered the very best way to provide optimum
patient care in human and veterinary medicine. At best, Mr. Buchanan's article,
"Desperation leads to Parvovirus Cure," would be considered a testimonial. Buyer
Beware!

A person who diagnoses, prescribes and treats animals in the state of New Mexico
without benefit of a license to do so can be investigated, fined and charged for
violating State Law Chapter 61, Article 14-18.

SUSAN MORELAND, DVM

Farmington

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Seminar on 'Decolonizing Theories of Emotions' Held

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, Nov. 14 -- A seminar on 'Decolonizing Theories of Emotions'
organised by the Centre for Women's Studies, University of Kerala, discussed
'Theories of Affect', relatively new and interdisciplinary field of study. The
seminar, organised under the banner of Samyukta, a peer-reviewed international
journal of women's studies, was held over three days in the city and is one of
the first academic deliberations to be held in the country on the Affect theory.

Sneja Gunew, Professor, University of British Columbia; musician B Arundhati,
TRS Sharma, former fellow, Indian Institute of Advanced Studies, Shimla; Carolyn
Pedwell, University of Kent, UK; Sangeetha Menon, Head, NIAS Consciousness
Studies Programme, Bangalore; Vilashini Cooppan, University of California, Santa
Cruz, USA; Nikhil Govind, Head, Dept. of Philosophy and Humanities, Manipal
Centre; Dina Al-Kassim, Department of English, and Institute for Gender, Race,
Sexuality and Social Justice, University of British Columbia, Canada; Kiran
Keshavamurthy, CSSS, Calcutta; V Sanil, IIT, Delhi; Margery Fee, Dept. of
English, University of British Columbia; B Hariharan, Institute of English,
University of Kerala; J Sreenivasa Moorthy, Dept. of Sanskrit, M E S Degree
College; V S Sharma, Director, Centre for Performing and Visual Arts, University
of Kerala presented papers.

The seminar attempted to provoke thinking about emotions, feelings and affect
outside the structures of European traditions, said G S Jayasree, Director of
the Centre for Women's Studies and Editor of Samyukta. The papers were chosen to
reflect the changing contours of Affect theory and to understand the nature of
human emotions as expressed in the east and the west. It tried to address that
much of the efforts in theorizing the complex field of feelings and emotions is
dominated by the Eurocentric assumption that cognition (or thought) is superior
to feeling as a form of intelligence. The discussions shed light on the work of
Indian theoreticians such as Dipesh Chakrabarty and Arjun Appadurai whose work
tap into the rich tradition of rasa/bhava aesthetics. It also initiated a
dialogue between eastern and western ways of looking at the psychological and
the aesthetic aspects of Affect theory.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Making microflats liveable is simply a matter of design;
Developers have done a brisk business with tiny flats, but architects say they
can only be habitable with a new approach to design

BYLINE: Christopher DeWolf property.post@scmp.com

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 826 words


In a city of sky-high real estate prices and ever-dwindling square footages,
affordable housing for many now means a flat smaller than 250 square feet. Far
from a purely local phenomenon, however, microflats are a trend in many of the
world's most expensive cities, from London to New York to San Francisco, where
they have been proposed as solutions for young people looking for places to
live.

In Hong Kong, people have been living in microflats for years, often in
illegally subdivided apartments in tong lau walk-ups and old warehouses. The
Society for Community Organisation says at least 100,000 people are living in
rooms as small as 40 square feet, often without proper ventilation or adequate
toilet facilities. Many more students and young professionals live in spacious
apartments that have been divided into microflats of 100 square feet, each with
its own toilet and miniature kitchen.

Bigger, but still controversial, are the Lilliputian apartments built by
developers. Last year, Cheung Kong unveiled Mont Vert, a Tai Po estate where
177-square-foot flats had price tags of HK$1.55 million. Despite that, or
because of it, those sales have been brisk and other developers seem keen to
follow suit.

Many new developments have been edging in the microflat direction anyway; the
New York Times recently profiled one 275-square-foot Shau Kei Wan flat with the
astonishing headline, "A One-Bedroom Apartment That Could Fit in a Bedroom".

Are microflats liveable? Yes, say architects and designers - but not how they
are being built in Hong Kong. "The problem is they've taken a standard flat and
just shrunken it to its absolute minimum," says Dylan Baker-Rice, founder of
local design firm Affect-T. "The way they're being conceived of now is not
sustainable because it's being driven only by cost."

Last year, Affect-T worked on a research project that led to a conceptual design
for bamboo microflats inside industrial buildings. It reflects the already
pervasive phenomenon of illegal cubicle homes inside old factories.

"It's happening on its own, and there's a beauty to that informality. It's like
what happened in the Kowloon Walled City. It continues on, but instead of a
walled city it is spread throughout Hong Kong," says Baker-Rice. Unfortunately,
without regulation, many of these ad hoc microflats are unsafe, he says. "A lot
of them are just horrible."

Many of the people who live in such microflats are on waiting lists for public
housing that could see them in limbo for the better part of a decade. Affect-T's
bamboo flat proposal would provide transitional housing with safe, attractive
rooms that are built inside existing spaces. "It would create a series of
communities on different floors of industrial buildings," says Baker-Rice.

More upscale microflats could be possible, but only if they are designed with
flexibility in mind; 150 sq ft can work, "but the only way is to take some of
the things that were inside the flat before and make them communal", says
Baker-Rice. Not only that, but the flats' layouts would need to allow for a
variety of lifestyles.

"Combining two micro-apartments into one could allow families to grow - or
shrink and find another source of income," says architect Jason Carlow. "If you
had a more flexible building code, in which you could legally combine units, you
could have micro-apartments that meet different needs."

That's the dream - but there's also the reality, which means that first-time
home buyers are likely to be faced with ever tinier versions of the box-standard
Hong Kong flat. "It's very challenging to work with," says interior designer
Keith Chan, of Hintergro. "The first thing I would do is knock down all the
interior walls, if possible." He would also recommend installing folding
furniture to maximise space, like the desk/bed or "stealth kitchen" systems made
by New York company Resource Furniture.

Architect Gary Chang received worldwide attention when he designed a system of
transforming furniture that allowed his 344-square-foot flat to become 24
different rooms. So far, however, no developers have expressed interest in
implementing Chang's system in their own flats. If they aren't built by
developers, it is unlikely that individual homeowners would be able to commit to
such innovations.

It's a Catch-22: the more space-efficient a piece of furniture, the more
expensive it is. Transforming furniture systems often cost upwards of HK$50,000,
says Chan. "People who can only afford such a small flat can't afford such
furniture."

That doesn't mean microflats should be ruled out entirely. They simply need to
be designed with the best interests of their occupants - not developers - in
mind. "I do think there is a lot of potential in microflats," says Baker-Rice.
He notes that much of the anger that led to Occupy Central is tied to the lack
of affordable housing and upward social mobility in Hong Kong. "Microflats could
be the answer," he says.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Interior of a Cheung Kong Mont Vert show flat in Tai Po (above), priced
at HK$1.55 million for 177 sq ft; an example of a bamboo microflat designed by
Affect-T for use in industrial buildings (far right); and architect Gary Chang's
flat in Hong Kong, with its system of transforming furniture to create different
rooms (left and right).; Bamboo flats would provide a transitional housing
solution. Photos: SCMP Pictures

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Elections, politics affect budget talks

BYLINE: James Mayse, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1208 words


April 07--In terms of actual dollars, state House and Senate leaders aren't that
far apart in terms of reaching an agreement on the state's next two-year budget.

But time is running out for leaders to concur on a budget. Realistically, a deal
has to be reached by Monday, so the budget can be printed and ready when the
rest of the House and Senate return to Frankfort for work on Tuesday.

'It has to be hammered out this weekend," said Sen. Joe Bowen, an Owensboro
Republican.

Bowen said he had heard there were some limited budget talks taking place on
Wednesday.

"I'm cautiously optimistic" an agreement can be made on the $21 billion state
budget, Bowen said. "But I will say this: I don't think to roll out a budget for
the sake of rolling out a budget is good policy. I think it has to be a
responsible budget. Rolling something less than a responsible budget out is
probably more expensive than going back in a special session."

The budget impasse between the House and Senate can partly be described as a
fight over what House and Senate members consider a "responsible" budget. Both
the House and Senate have different priorities -- particularly over the issue of
whether colleges and universities should accept budget cuts, how much money
should be placed in reserve for contingencies, and making future payments to the
state's pension systems for state workers and teachers.

Both House and Senate members have said they agree that the pension systems,
which have been underfunded and have underperformed, need to be addressed.
Kentucky's pension system is considered one of the worst-funded in the nation.
But how much money should be set aside for future pension payments, and in a
general reserve fund, is a bone of contention.

Also, there are politics to consider. This fall, every seat in the House will be
up for election. Democrats hold a slim majority in the House, with 53 Democrats
compared to 47 Republicans. But Republicans have made "flipping" the House to
Republican control a top priority, with Gov. Matt Bevin even mentioning it in
his election-night victory speech.

"Budget negotiations are almost always held with the next election in mind, but
it's even more critical this time because the House is so close," said Al Cross,
director of the Institute for Rural Journalism and Community Issues at the
University of Kentucky. While both Republicans and Democrats think they have a
case to take to voters, both sides face risks in the budget talks, he said.

Bevin, in his budget address in January, called for 4.5 percent budget cuts to
most state agencies during the current fiscal year, which ends in June, and 9
percent cuts each year of the 2016-18 budget. College and university presidents
testified the cuts would have a severe effect on postsecondary education, with
UK President Eli Capilouto calling the proposed cuts "draconian."

House members contend the budget cuts to universities are unnecessary, while
Bevin and the Republican-controlled Senate say money is needed for reserve funds
to meet future pension obligations and meet contingencies.

"I think it's philosophical differences," said Rep. Tommy Thompson, a Philpot
Democrat. "In our proposal, we are proposing to put more money into the pension
system than the governor originally proposed ... We can do that without having
to cut postsecondary education. We think the revenue is there to boost funds
adequately for both pensions, (while) not cutting postsecondary.

"We're going to have some money over expectations," Thompson said. "... The
governor wants to take some of that money and put it in a lock box. We just feel
like education is so important to future growth and it's not necessary to cut it
now."

In written statement released in late March, Bowen said the Senate's budget plan
allocates $250 million, most of which would be used to fund future pension
obligations. The Senate plan also allocates $372.5 million into a budget reserve
trust fund, which could be used for "unexpected expenses, such as natural
disasters, SEEK (Support Education Excellence in Kentucky) reductions (for K-12
education), economic development and other such events," Bowen wrote.

"A responsible budget is one, in my opinion, that appropriates the necessary
money to our pension liabilities and also provides the monies (needed) for
future obligations," Bowen said Wednesday. "... Anything less than a responsible
appropriation is not going to be adequate to me."

Rep. Jim Glenn, an Owensboro Democrat, said the budget differences between the
House and Senate amount to "pennies."

"It's $300 million in a budget of $21.5 billion," Glenn said Wednesday. "We're
adults, we have to play together," he said, and make compromises on the budget,
but he also criticized the Senate's plan to set aside money in a reserve fund.

"The state asked us to manage their money, not give someone a slush fund," Glenn
said. "If you give someone a slush fund to spend whichever way he wants, it's
not being good stewards."

The pending House elections are influencing the budget negotiations, Glenn said.

"All of this stuff is about politics," Glenn said. "It's about making one side
look bad."

Rep. Suzanne Miles, an Owensboro Republican, could not be reached Wednesday for
comment.

Cross said Bevin has "the bully pulpit" to talk about the pension crisis. But a
factor with the reserve fund is "we don't know how much we need (for future
obligations) for pensions. We know what's needed for everything else" in the
budget.

But the pension issue could be swaying voters, Cross said. For example, people
in western Kentucky, along the border of Illinois, receive cross-river media
reports on Illinois' pension crisis, which likely influences their thinking on
Kentucky's pension problems.

"Bevin's problem is he doesn't have a certain figure" on how much will be needed
to meet future pension obligations, Cross said. "He hopes people will buy the
principle and not the number, and hopes they'll have faith in him."

However, with Republicans controlling both the governor's office and the Senate,
they face the risk of receiving the majority of the blame if legislators can't
reach a budget agreement, Cross said.

Democrats willingness to balk at any higher education cuts indicates they
consider it a campaign issue. While Democrats had some success in recent House
special elections, where they won three of four seats up for grabs, they might
be mistaken in their belief "that Bevin isn't that popular," Cross said.

Whatever budget agreement is reached, there won't be time left for the House and
Senate to override any line-item vetoes Bevin makes to the plan. Both Bowen and
Thompson said, since the House and Senate would have to agree to overriding
vetoes, the prospects of an override were dim.

"A veto override was never going to happen," Bowen said.

Thompson said: "You remember, when (Democratic Steve) Beshear was governor, it
was highly unlikely the House was going to override anything" the Senate would
vote to overturn when Beshear issued vetoes.

James Mayse, 270-691-7303, jmayse@messenger-inquirer.com, Twitter: @JamesMayse

___ (c)2016 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160407-OW-Elections-politics-affect-budget-talks-0407-20160407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2016 Messenger-Inquirer


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 31, 2015 Thursday

Flooding continues to affect Missouri residents

BYLINE: Hope Lecchi, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Dec. 31--On Tuesday, Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon activated the Missouri National
Guard in response to the record rainfall and flooding throughout the state
during the past week.

According to a press release issued by the governor's office, the Guard has been
activated after Nixon declared a state of emergency in Missouri on Sunday, Dec.
27 to protect local communities and support emergency response personnel.

The Guard's responsibilities will include providing security in evacuated areas
and directing traffic from road closures.

While Pettis County has not been directly impacted from the record rainfall,
members of the Pettis County Missouri National Guard are standing ready in the
event they are sent to the most heavily damaged areas of the state including
West Alton, Illinois, the St. Louis region, and the Rolla and Springfield areas.

Fifteen Missourians have lost their lives because of the flooding especially
over roadways.

Sedalia-Pettis County Emergency Management Agency Director Dave Clippert put
that number in perspective in a press release provided to the Democrat.

"Since 2012, two people have died in tornadoes in our state," Clippert said.
"Fifteen have died in flooding in the past two weeks."

Fourteen of the deaths have occurred when individuals were trapped in vehicles
being swept from flooded roadways.

The Missouri State Highway Patrol has closed several roadways throughout the
state and with the holiday weekend, they encourage urge drivers to remain alert
in all driving situations.

"The Missouri State Highway Patrol urges motorists to be vigilant of water
across roadways, including roadways which rarely experience such conditions,"
Capt. John Hotz said in a statement. "Recognizing these conditions is
particularly difficult after dark, so it is imperative drivers utilize extreme
caution to assure safe passage to their destination.

"Drivers must respect barriers or barricades put in place by MoDOT or other
officials," Holtz said. "It is extremely dangerous and a violation of state law
to drive around them. If your vehicle would happen to become stuck in rising
water, get out and quickly move to higher ground."

For those planning to travel to other areas of the state, the Department of
Transportation road conditions are posted at www.mshp.dps.mo.gov.

Hope Lecchi can be reached at 660-826-1000 ext. 1484

___ (c)2015 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151231-SX-Flooding-continues-to-affect
-Missouri-residents-1231-20151231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2015 The Sedalia Democrat


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Rain and storms affect high school football and farming

BYLINE: Keith Clines, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Nov. 04--Rain and possible thunderstorms are playing havoc with the area high
school football playoff schedule and with farmers who are trying to harvest
cotton and soybeans.

A cold front expected to move into the Tennessee Valley on Friday is predicted
to bring with it rain and the possibility of strong thunderstorms, according to
the National Weather Service.

All high school first-round playoff games involving area teams were moved from
Friday to Thursday because of the weather threat. Among the games are Austin
High's matchup with Pinson Valley at Ogle Stadium.

The forecast calls for likely showers and thunderstorms Friday night with strong
winds and a 70 percent chance of rain.

"Possibly Friday, they could be strong," Robert Boyd, a meteorologist with the
National Weather Service office in Huntsville, said about possible
thunderstorms.

On Thursday, it will be cloudy with a high temperature of 76 degrees, the
weather service said. The Thursday night forecast has a 20 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms.

"Thursday's going to be an OK day, but it's going to be warmer than normal,"
Boyd said.

Last weekend's rain, cloudy days this week and the forecast of more rain late
this week is not a good recipe for harvesting and planting crops.

Jamie Blythe, who runs Blythe Farms in Courtland with her husband, Kenny Paul
Arnold, said farmers experience a rainy spell like this every year.

"You have to be patient," she said.

It takes a couple of days of sunshine after a rain for a field to become dry
enough to get farm machinery in the field, said James Blythe, Jamie's father.

Cloudy days don't help with the drying process, Jamie Blythe said.

About 160 acres of 1,000 acres of cotton remain to be picked, Jamie Blythe said.

"We see the light at the end of the tunnel. We just can't quite make it," she
said.

Blythe said the cotton yield this year has exceeded expectations.

"It has turned out to be a very good crop," she said.

Blythe also has about 400 acres of soybeans to cut and harvest, and about 400
acres of wheat to plant.

"We need sunshine for three reasons," she said.

The weather may begin to cooperate after Saturday. On Sunday and Monday, it's
expected to be mostly sunny with highs in the low 60s.

___ (c)2015 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151104-DD-Rain-and-storms-affect
-high-school-football-and-farming-1104-20151104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2015 The Decatur Daily


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Weather still affects Richmond's sports schedule

BYLINE: Shawn Stinson, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 341 words


March 04--ROCKINGHAM -- Mother Nature is up to her old tricks.

After winter storms forced officials to cancel the Southeastern Conference
basketball tournaments and postpone the start of the state playoffs, Richmond
Senior's spring sports calendar has also been affected by the weather.

The Richmond baseball team had its season-opening game with Porter Ridge called
off because of rain. Richmond coach Ricky Young said a make-up date hasn't been
set.

The Raiders will travel to Fayetteville today to take on Terry Sanford at 5 p.m.

The Richmond softball team hasn't had to alter any of its regular-season
contests, but officials canceled last week's scrimmage game with Union Pines.

Richmond is set to begin its season 6 p.m. at home against West Montgomery.

Richmond was scheduled to open its girls soccer season Monday at South View, but
the game was postponed. Cumberland County officials elected to push back their
teams' season openers because of the lack of practice.

Richmond will now kickoff its season 7 p.m. today at home against Pine Forest.

"We're looking forward to playing," Richmond girls soccer coach Bennie Howard
said.

The Richmond track and field teams will now have to wait a week to start their
season. Richmond was scheduled to host a meet with Hoke and Lumberton 4 p.m.
Thursday, but that meet was canceled because teams felt they didn't have enough
practice time.

Richmond will head to Southern Pines for a conference meet with Pinecrest and
Purnell Swett 4 p.m. March 12.

The boys tennis team will return to action and open SEC play 4 p.m. Thursday at
home against Hoke.

The boys golf team will have a nine-hole scrimmage Monday at Deercroft Golf Club
in Wagram. Its first conference match is scheduled for March 16 at Bayonet at
Puppy Creek in Raeford.

Reach sports editor Shawn Stinson at 910-817-2671 and follow him on Twitter
@scgolfer.

___ (c)2015 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150304-RU-Weather-still-affects
-Richmond-s-sports-schedule-0304-20150304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                  Copyright 2015 Richmond County Daily Journal


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday

Data breach affects LECOM students

BYLINE: David Bruce, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


May 18--Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine students' names and Social
Security numbers were inadvertently posted on the Internet in April and accessed
by Google's search engine.

The data breach originated from Hubbard-Bert Inc., an Erie business that
provides health insurance to LECOM students, said Pierre Bellicini, LECOM
spokesman.

"It was not a breach of LECOM computers," Bellicini said. "But we have taken
action."

Bellicini referred other questions to Hubbard-Bert, including how many students
were affected by the data breach.

Dave Ciacchini, president of Hubbard-Bert, said the company would not comment on
the data breach unless LECOM officials authorized him to do so. Bellicini
indicated the medical school would not do that.

Posting students' names and Social Security numbers online puts those students
at risk of identity theft, said John Abel, senior deputy attorney general for
the Pennsylvania Bureau of Consumer Protection.

"The main concern is that bad guys get this information and use it to apply for
a credit card," Abel said. "They might even assume your identity and do things
like file for bankruptcy or run up large credit card bills."

The data breach was first discovered by a LECOM student, according to an e-mail
that Joe Kelly, Hubbard-Bert vice president, sent to LECOM students April 25.

"There was inappropriate access by the Google search engine to our nonactive
working server," Kelly said in the e-mail. "A test sampling of students' names
and Social Security numbers was inadvertently accessed by Google."

Hubbard-Bert worked with Google to remove the names and numbers from their web
servers, Kelly said in the e-mail. Google first accessed the servers on April
14, and Kelly said in the April 25 e-mail that the information could remain on
the servers for "an additional eight days."

Bellicini said the students' names and numbers are no longer on the servers.

Hubbard-Bert is offering the affected students one year of credit monitoring, a
gesture similar to one made by the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center after
a data breach compromised the personal data of at least 27,000 UPMC employees.

"The insurance company should be credited for offering the credit monitoring,"
Abel said. "Students who are affected should take the company up on its offer or
visit www.annualcreditreport.com for a free credit report. Review the report and
make sure there is nothing suspicious. If there is, dispute it in writing."

DAVID BRUCE can be reached at 870-1736 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNbruce.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140518-EI-Data-breach-affects-LECOM-students-0518-20140518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Decision on frog could affect Greensprings land

BYLINE: Ryan Pfeil, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 646 words


Nov. 24--A 61-acre strip of land near the Greensprings could soon receive
additional federal oversight to protect a threatened frog.

The U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service proposed listing the Oregon spotted frog as a
threatened species under the Endangered Species Act in August. A final listing
determination will be made by September 2014, the end of the 2013-14 federal
fiscal year, officials said.

If the frog is listed, 48 acres of Bureau of Land Management land and 13 acres
of private land near the Parsnip Lakes will be listed as critical habitat, or
lands with features deemed beneficial to species conservation.

The Parsnip Lakes are a series of small lakes or ponds and wetlands, all formed
by natural springs and located within the Cascade-Siskiyou National Monument.

While that location already limits development, projects that are federally
funded or require federal permits would face heightened scrutiny if the frog
were declared threatened.

"If there are activities that are going to be done on those lands that involve
some federal funding or permits, then there's conversation that needs to be
entered in with the Fish & Wildlife Service," said Jim Thrailkill, USFWS field
supervisor in the Roseburg Field Office. "There's a perception that it's a
'hands off' or a reserve, and that's not the case. There are still allowable
activities."

About 68,000 acres and 23 stream miles would be affected across Oregon and
Washington if the frog is listed as a threatened species. About 67 percent of
those lands are federally owned. More than one-quarter of the proposed area is
in the Klamath Basin.

USFWS officials said the species is a key part of a food web its entire life,
eating dead and dying plants in ponds as a tadpole and mosquitoes and other
pests as an adult.

"It's one of the most aquatic frogs in Oregon," Thrailkill told the Jackson
County Board of Commissioners at a Nov. 12 meeting.

USFWS officials said its population has been affected statewide by lower water
levels, overgrazing, predators such as bullfrogs and invasive plants encroaching
on habitat. Historically, their habitat range extended from British Columbia to
northeastern California. That territory has shrunk by about 76 percent,
according to a release from USFWS. There are still limited populations in
Jackson, Lane, Wasco, Deschutes and Klamath counties in Oregon and five counties
in Washington state.

Jackson County's commissioners have reservations about the idea and its impact
on private property owners.

"The concern is that it's just getting to be death by 1,000 cuts," Commission
Chairman Don Skundrick said. "We are trying to watch out for our constituents'
property values and property rights. It seems like every time we turn around,
there's another species or subspecies somewhere that's being listed."

Skundrick added the current area of consideration is small, but that the impact
is seen when numerous similar small parcels are added up.

"A combination of these little things adds up to be a big thing," Skundrick
said.

Hugh Charley, a cattle rancher who lives in Jackson County but owns a ranch off
Clover Creek Road in Klamath County, said his ranch is near one of the
populations being studied in the Klamath Basin. Charley said he has heard
stories of other ranchers losing grazing allotments because of areas that are
designated as critical habitat, but he wasn't too concerned for his own
operation.

"Just because they're saying the numbers are pretty good around there, I don't
feel really too threatened by it," he said. "But you never know. I suppose I am
a little worried just because of the way things can happen."

An economic analysis that will be used as data in the final consideration is due
out next month, Thrailkill said.

___ (c)2013 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131124-ME-Decision-on-frog-could-affect
-Greensprings-land-1124-20131124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2013 Mail Tribune


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Local shutdown affects the Park Service most noticeably

BYLINE: Matthew Bieniek, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


Oct. 01--CUMBERLAND -- A plan is in place for local Social Security
Administration offices and for National Park Service offices and parks, if a
federal government shutdown occurs overnight.

The impact on national parks will be among the most severe and noticeable,
according to government officials.

All national parks would be closed, as would the Smithsonian museums, including
the National Zoo in Washington, according to The Associated Press. Visitors
using overnight campgrounds or other park facilities would be given 48 hours to
make alternate arrangements and leave the park, the AP said.

The Allegany County Human Resources Development Commission and local Head Start
programs could be affected by a shutdown, depending on the length of the event.

"There are several scenarios. ... short term we will operate as long as funds
allow," said HRDC executive director Courtney Thomas. Thomas is optimistic that
an agreement may be reached, at least avoiding a shutdown for a few weeks. This
has happened before, but Thomas said this is the closest things have gotten to a
deadline that she remembers.

The HRDC would have to consider closing the county's Head Start centers and
other programs if the shutdown is prolonged. The HRDC's senior programs and
other federally funded programs could also be affected. "Everyone is very
anxious," Thomas said.

Congressional offices are a different matter. U.S. Rep. John Delaney's office in
Hagerstown will not be affected if a shutdown occurs.

"Our offices in Washington, Gaithersburg and Hagerstown will remain open in the
event of a shutdown. Although we will have to postpone our additional office
hours, we will continue regular constituent services by phone, email and by
appointment," said Will McDonald, one of Delaney's staff members. Delaney's
office also offers hours at the Allegany County Library on Washington Street.

Delaney has called for a resolution to the impending shutdown.

Social Security offices will likely remain open, and a contingency plan is in
place, officials at the national media office for Social Security said.
Reporters were referred to a copy of the plan.

The plan outlines services that will be curtailed and/or continued at field
offices. Among those curtailed will be issuance of new or replacement Social
Security cards. Applications for benefits will still be accepted. Social
Security payments will continue to be made, the plan states.

Passports may be hard to get, according to a press release from AAA
Mid-Atlantic.

"It's regrettable that travelers may have to change plans due to the ongoing
congressional gridlock," said Ragina C. Averella, manager of Public and
Government Affairs for AAA Mid-Atlantic.  "AAA Mid-Atlantic is hopeful that an
agreement can be reached so that travelers looking forward to visiting our
national parks, monuments and museums are not disappointed."

Passport processing centers and all activities supporting passport processing
would be suspended according to an August Congressional Research Service Report,
"Shutdown of the Federal Government: Causes, Processes, and Effects."

During the last government shutdown in 1996 approximately 20,000 to 30,000
applications by foreigners for visas reportedly went unprocessed each day;
200,000 U.S. applications for passports reportedly went unprocessed; and U.S.
tourist industries and airlines reportedly sustained millions of dollars in lost
revenue, the AAA said.

___ (c)2013 Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland Times
News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131001-UM-Local-shutdown-affects
-the-Park-Service-most-noticeably-20131001

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2013 Cumberland Times-News


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 29, 2011 Friday

Census changes affect CCASWA billing

BYLINE: Ben Jacobson, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 429 words


July 29--CLINTON -- The Clinton County Area Solid Waste Agency has made efforts
to correct a billing issue. Incorrect census data resulted in some cities, like
Camanche and DeWitt, being undercharged for annual per capita solid waste fees,
and cities like Clinton being overcharged.

Director Brad Seward said the error was brought to the agency's attention by
officials in the city of Charlotte. A $10 per capita fee is to be charged
annually to help cover landfill costs, but the most recent bills, sent out July
1, did not incorporate data from the 2010 census. Seward said the issue was
caught early and resolved without any major hassle. Recent census data indicates
a drop in population for the county from 50,149 to 40,116, resulting in a
$10,330 dip in annual revenue for the CCASWA. Seward said the decrease in funds
shouldn't be a major roadblock for the county.

"I think we can find a place to make some minor changes in our budget to make up
for that $10,000,"â[#x20ac][#x2c6]Seward said. "I don't think there's any need
to go out and ask for more assessment funds at this time."

The CCASWA was expected to be in the red for FY10 as a result of landfill
construction. Fortunately, the year ended with a positive balance, which leads
Seward to believe that the loss in revenue shouldn't be insurmountable.

"Hopefully we'll have similar luck this year," he said.

Many cities experience a drop in population, like Clinton, which has decreased
by 887 residents over the past 10 years. This means that the bill the city
originally received from the CCASWA was $8,870 more than it should have been.
Seward said officials in Charlotte, which also decreased in population, pointed
out that the CCASWA was using 2000 census data when 2010 data had recently
become available. The issue was noticed within days of the bills being issued,
meaning corrected statements were sent out immediately. The quick reaction
prevented the CCASWA from being forced to issue refunds. However, some cities
were required to pay a bit more. DeWitt and Camanche grew by 273 and 233
respectively over the past decade, and had to pay the difference. Overall,
Seward said the quick action of the CCASWA made it possible to avoid any
complications.

"It's a very minor issue,"â[#x20ac][#x2c6]Seward said.

To see more of Clinton Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://clintonherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Clinton Herald, Iowa Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110729-XI-Census-changes-affect-CCASWA-billing-0729-20110729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                         Copyright 2011 Clinton Herald


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday

DRS layoffs affect 50

BYLINE: Randy Griffith, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


Sept. 30--JOHNSTOWN -- Another 50 people have lost their jobs at DRS Laurel
Technologies at 246 Airport Road, Richland Township.

"This reduction in work force is a combination of contracts being concluded and
some creating of efficiencies within the company," Richard M. Goldberg, senior
vice president of DRS Technologies said from corporate offices in Parsippany,
N.J.

The layoffs bring the DRS Laurel work force in Johnstown to about 550 employees,
Goldberg said.

This is the fourth round of layoffs since February 2009, when 80 full-time
workers and a handful of part-time employees lost their jobs. As recently as May
2008, nearly 900 people were working at the defense contractor's local facility.

"This is not something that any company wants to do," Goldberg said. "But you
can't have people working when the contracts aren't there."

The company remains hopeful it can win new contracts, Goldberg said, noting that
the local plant would benefit greatly if Boeing's KC-767 NewGen Tanker midair
refueling aircraft is selected by the Air Force. DRS Laurel is making the
tanker's computerized control station.

Boeing is in fierce competition with Airbus-maker EADS to win the lucrative
contract.

"We are always going after new business," Goldberg said. "That is an important
facility."

To see more of the Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100930-JO-DRS-layoffs-affect-50-0930-20100930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2010 The Tribune-Democrat


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

Occupy protesters try again for Port of Oakland shutdown

BYLINE: By Cecily Burt and Katy Murphy Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News; National; State

LENGTH: 949 words


Another march on Oakland's port is underway, as Occupy protesters take to the
streets as part of a planned West Coast port blockage from San Diego to
Anchorage, Alaska.

Monday evening's protest appears to be larger than one held that morning, when
hundreds of demonstrators managed to slow down Port of Oakland operations.

It's been an all-day event. The morning action was followed by an afternoon
rally at Frank H. Ogawa Plaza in front of Oakland City Hall -- formerly the site
of an Occupy tent city. Speakers included Angela Davis and Iraq War veteran
Scott Olsen who was injured in a demonstration this fall during a violent
confrontation with police.

A march to the nearby port started about 4 p.m., where officials were bracing
for another slowdown.

From Los Angeles to as far away as Vancouver protesters picketed gates, beating
drums, carrying signs such as "Shutdown Wall St. on the Waterfront," and causing
longer wait times for trucks.

There were a handful of arrests so far, but no major clashes with police.
Organizers aimed to cut into the profits of the corporations that run the docks,
though it was not immediately clear how much the shutdowns would affect
operations and what the economic loss would be.

Port officials in Oakland said that the protest affected operations during the
morning shift, but did not completely close the port. During the height of the
protest, long lines of trucks couldn't get past demonstrators blocking terminal
entrances. Representatives with the International Longshore and Warehouse Union
said 75 percent of workers were sent home for safety reasons.

At least two entrances were blocked and protesters declared victory and
disassembled, shortly after 10 a.m. Truck traffic was moving at some terminals,
such as PortsAmerica and Matson, and later, at PortsAmerica. But others such as
Hanjin, SSA and TraPac remained closed.

Lee Ranaldson and student driver Rick Parker had driven from Kansas with a
refrigerated container of meat bound for Asia. But they had been waiting outside
the TTI/Hanjin terminal for nearly five hours Monday for the gates to open. As
an independent contractor, the time spent waiting is money lost and not
recovered.

"I really don't know what they're protesting for," Ranaldson said.

Pablo Hernandez, an independent trucker from Salida, was also waiting in line
outside TTI/Hanjin to pick up an empty container that he would then take to
Arbuckle to be filled with rice and returned to the port. He drove by the
entrance to the port early in the morning and left when he saw the protesters.
He came back when somebody at a food truck told him the terminal might open in
the afternoon. Normally, Hernandez could pick up the empty container, go get the
rice and return with the load on the same day. But not today.

"I'm losing money, I'm losing the day," he said. "It's a lot of money. We work
five days a week and we know exactly how much we need for rent and bills, so if
we don't work we come up short."

It turns out he want get in the gate at all Monday. TTI put out a notice that it
decided to stay closed all day because of the early morning protests.

The protest began about 5:45 a.m., when demonstrators began a march from the
West Oakland BART station to the port. No violence or injuries were reported,
but there were tense moments when police officers in riot gear showed up at one
point during the action.

About 7:30 a.m., the port released a statement that "maritime operations
continue at the Port with sporadic disruptions for truckers trying to enter and
exit marine terminal gates."

Two protesters were arrested for impeding traffic at the entrance to
PortsAmerica, Oakland Police Chief Howard Jordan said at a news briefing this
afternoon.

Protester Shake Anderson, who said he has been involved in the Occupy Oakland
movement since the beginning, said the demonstrators' strategy is to keep a
large crowd at the port to make it difficult for police to make arrests.

In a last-minute appeal on Sunday, Oakland Mayor Quan issued an open letter to
protesters, telling them that shutting down the port could cost workers lost
wages, and affect the ability of the port to attract business in the future.

"What is the target in this action? Who will it really hurt?" Quan wrote in her
letter.

"The Port of Oakland is not the home of the 1 percent. Rather, it generates over
73,000 jobs in the region and is connected to more than 800,000 jobs across the
country. It is one of the best sources of good paying blue-collar jobs left in
our city," Quan wrote.

Monday's labor action comes just six weeks after a Nov. 2 general strike
launched by Occupy Oakland shut down the port here overnight.

Oakland organizers said they are closing down ports in response to the
coordinated attacks against Occupy camps around the country. They are also
expressing their solidarity with truck drivers in Los Angeles who were fired by
SSA when they tried to form a union, and with longshoremen in Longview, Wash.,
who are fighting nonunion labor at a grain export facility.

Neither the Teamster's union, the International Longshore and Warehouse Union
nor the Alameda Central Labor Council sanctioned the strike, and representatives
from the organizations are on record as saying the shutdown hurts low-paid truck
drivers and blue-collar workers who are anything but the 1 percent.

But most dockworkers were sent home after the protest situation was deemed a
safety hazard.

The Associated Press and staff writers Robert Salonga and Harry Harris
contributed to this report.


     ·    5:30 a.m. march to port from West Oakland BART 3 p.m. meeting at Frank
          H. Ogawa Plaza, 14th and Broadway, followed by 4 p.m. march to port 5
          p.m. march to port from West Oakland BART


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to
the Port of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general
strike coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port
of Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Alameda County Sheriff in riot gear stand by a truck
waiting to enter as protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port of
Oakland on December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. After a general strike
coordinated by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2, this time
hundreds are expected to affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los
Angeles, San Diego, Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have so far joined the
demonstration. (Photo by Kimberly White/Getty Images)
OAKLAND, CA - DECEMBER 12: Alameda County Sheriff officer in riot gear stands
watch as protesters attempt to block an entrance to the Port of Oakland on
December 12, 2011 in Oakland, California. Following a general strike coordinated
by Occupy Oakland shut down the port on November 2 hundreds are expected to
affect all West Coast ports as Occupy movements in Los Angeles, San Diego,
Oakland, Portland, Seattle and Tacoma have joined the demonstration. (Photo by
Kimberly White/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

Urban sprawl affects agricultural producers

BYLINE: Taylor Tompkins, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


March 13--Despite statewide conversion of agricultural lands, urban sprawl is
not encroaching on farmlands in Victoria County like it has in past decades.

From 1997 to 2012, more than 1.1 million acres of farm and ranch land was
converted for non-agricultural use in the state, according to a study from Texas
A&M's Institute of Renewable Natural Resources. However, during the past 10
years, the amount of rural land in Victoria has remained steady, according to
numbers from the Victoria County Appraisal District.

During the second half of the 20th century, growth in Victoria boomed, and large
chunks of farm and ranch land were used for development.

However, growth from the oil boom during the last five years hasn't required
converting much agricultural land, said Darren Watkins, county executive
director of Victoria County Farm Service Agency.

"A long time ago this was ranchland and some of it farming, but you just don't
see the big chunks being taken out like they used to for growth," Watkins said.
"I guess around the mall area has been some of the biggest sprawl, and then
around the Inez area there's been a little bit, but really nothing has taken
away big chunks of farmland -- nothing that's taken 100 acres away from
somebody."

But the possibility isn't as far away as some may think. Watkins, local
producers and agricultural economists cited Houston and Corpus Christi as
examples of what happens when urban developments replace rural lands.

This conversion of land creates multiple issues for farmers and ranchers who
rent their land, said Levi Russell, agricultural economist with the Texas A&M
agriculture extension office.

Producers can be faced with exploring different types of contracts from the
typical cash rent or share arrangements they typically have with land owners if
they rent, Russell said.

Their profit margins also lower because the value of land rises when the
development value increases, Russell said.

"As non-ag value increases, obviously all of that is captured by the price of
land," Russell said. "Right now, we're seeing, in inflation-adjusted terms, land
values in Texas are very high, and they're starting to come down mainly, in my
mind, because of financial factors."

Breaking up plots of land, whether by being bought out or by inheritance, can
pose an issue for producers renting land.

"When it changes to an increasing number of people, a lot of times, those people
are less informed about the conditions in that area," Russell said. "Their
father or whoever might have lived in the area, but now they may live somewhere
else. They may be less apprised of the conditions and the area. There's that
aspect. But there's also just the aspect of the farmer having to deal with more
people, so it increases the amount of time they have to take to manage those
relationships."

Rancher Trey Ruschhaupt leases land in Victoria County to run cattle.

"I never know how long I'm going to have any of these (leases)," Ruschhaupt
said. "We have actually leased some land since 1967, but that's one of those
deals that you just never know. So you have to be able to roll with it and
adjust."

Development in Victoria County may be getting closer to these farmers and
ranchers. However, most of the land being developed isn't good for production.

"A lot of time, they'll buy lands that is marginal, not very good for
production," Russell said. "A lot of times, other types of land does get bought
up, and it does increase the overall prices of everything else in the area."

Land along U.S. Highway 59 may have been farmland long ago but was mostly
huisache trees when it was bought to build the frontage, Watkins said.

"A lot of the stuff along 59 was just brush land anyway. It wasn't worth much,"
Watkins said.

___ (c)2016 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160313-VI-Urban-sprawl-affects-agricultural-producers-0313-20160313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2016 Victoria Advocate


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Starkville's Brown affects game plan

BYLINE: Brandon Speck, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 346 words


Nov. 26--A.J. Brown was held to one catch last week in Starkville's state
quarterfinals win against Clinton. Starkville still won 45-27.

The Yellow Jackets have plenty of playmakers -- Avery Brown had 250 yards on 33
carries against the Arrows. A.J. Brown is still unarguably the best.

"It's according to how they play him, what we're going to do," Starkville coach
Ricky Woods said. "He's that good a player."

Clinton dedicated nine on defense, the other two stapled to Brown. Madison
Central, which Starkville beat 28-10 at Starkville in the regular season, will
likely do the same when they meet there again Friday in the Class 6A semifinals.

"He gets doubled every week," Woods said. "He's the best receiver I ever
coached. It ain't close either. He's pretty good."

That says a lot. Woods has coached his share of good ones, including Kevin Heard
in 1994 at Eupora and Travis Sanford in 2004 at South Panola.

Brown is an Under Armour All-American in football and baseball. Only one other
player has done that. He has caught 69 passes for 1,158 yards and 11 touchdowns,
the overwhelming bulk of them in double, even tripe coverage.

He is the state's No. 4 ranked player, a four-star and No. 8 overall wide
receiver in the country. He has offers from any team that is a team, including
hometown Mississippi State and Egg Bowl rival Ole Miss. Alabama wants him, so
does Auburn, LSU, Tennessee, Texas and Southern Cal.

One team that doesn't want any of him is Madison Central. In the Oct. 16 game he
had seven catches for 125 yards and two touchdowns against unsurprising double
teams. That was one of six 100-yard games this season for the Journal's No. 1
large school.

"We have the same players. They do, too," Woods said of the matchup. "There's
not much different you can do."

Madison Central certainly hopes Brown's stat line is different.

brandon.speck@journalinc.com

Twitter: @brandonspeck

___ (c)2015 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151126-TP-Starkville-s-Brown-affects-game-plan-1126-20151126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2015 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Lead-paint law would affect some landlords

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


Aug. 21--Advocates of a new lead-poisoning ordinance rolled out their plan
Wednesday to require older rental properties in Toledo to be inspected and
certified as free of a lead hazard.

Lawyer Robert Cole, of Advocates for Basic Legal Equality, or ABLE, told council
members the ordinance aims for the lowest standard that can reduce lead
poisoning among Toledo's children and still win City Council passage.

He emphasized the social cost of lead poisoning on young children. It can result
in cognitive damage, loss of impulse control, and a greater need for special
education services.

"We can really improve not only the housing conditions but the educational and
economic outlook for the children living in this city," Mr. Cole said.

A 2012 study by the Ohio Department of Health found 102 cases of childhood lead
poisoning in Toledo. Tests were positive in 2.06 percent of cases tested, the
second-highest rate in Ohio, after Cleveland.

Critics who took their turns at the microphone during Wednesday's hearing by the
neighborhoods, community development, and health committee said the legislation
would make it more expensive to live and do business in Toledo. They said
education and enforcement of existing laws would achieve the same goals.

The Toledo Lead-Safe Housing ordinance, developed by the citizen group Toledoans
United for Social Action, or TUSA, would require owners of rental property built
before 1978 to have their property inspected for deteriorated paint, exposed
soil, and lead-contaminated dust. Each inspection would have to be recorded in a
new rental property registry with the Toledo-Lucas County Health Department.

Mr. Cole said that the law would focus first on the areas known to have the
highest concentrations of lead, which also have the highest concentrations of
African-American residents.

Mr. Cole said property owners would only have to paint over deteriorated paint
and cover open dirt within three feet of the house with grass or mulch. He said
lead in the soil is tracked into houses, where small children have a tendency to
put things in their mouths. Dust samples would have to be taken in four rooms
and tested at a state-licensed laboratory.

"If they do the work themselves, the cost is very minimal," Mr. Cole said.
"Owners can get training to assess and eliminate the hazard themselves."

He put the cost at from zero to up to $1,400. Traditional abatement or removal
of lead paint costs about $10,000 per dwelling, Department of Neighborhoods
Director Tom Kroma said.

Anna Mills, president of Toledo Real Estate Investors Association, said
landlords already have several registries to comply with. She said the city gets
a lead abatement grant every year and has a hard time giving the money away.

"We're against any forced regulations of this kind," said Ms. Mills, who owns
rental property and said she is a licensed lead abatement contractor. "You have
to add two zeroes to everything they say" about cost.

Committee Chairman Jack Ford said he was exploring ways the city could help
rental property owners reduce the cost of complying with the law, such as giving
them mulch and paint or subsidizing the costs with block grant funds. "I think
we have a responsibility to try to mediate that as much as we can," Mr. Ford
said.

TUSA and ABLE are planning a Lead Poisoning Prevention Summit sometime in
September.

Contact Tom Troy: tomtroy@theblade.com or 419--724-6058 or an Twitter @TomFTroy.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140821-TO-Lead-paint-law-would-affect-some-landlords-0821-20140821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Data breach affects Dukes Memorial Hospital

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Aug. 19--PERU -- Dukes Memorial Hospital was one of nine Indiana hospitals
affected by Monday's data breach at Community Health Systems.

Community Health Systems -- which is not affiliated with Community Health
Network, the Indianapolis-based healthcare provider which operates Community
Howard Regional Health -- had its medical records breached Monday, where hackers
broke into its computer systems and stole information on an estimated 4.5
million patients.

In a press release, Dukes Director of Marketing Courtney Ogletree explained that
while medical and credit card information were not compromised, hackers were
able to access patient names, addresses, birthdates, phone numbers and Social
Security numbers.

"We take very seriously the security and confidentiality of private patient
information and we sincerely regret any concern or inconvenience to patients,"
Ogletree said. "Though we have no reason to believe that this data would ever be
used, all affected patients are being notified by letter and offered free
identity theft protection."

Ogletree said in a follow-up phone call that the hospital had not yet been told
how many of its patients had been affected by the data breach. She said it was
unclear when the hospital would receive that information.

Community Health Systems believes the system intruders were from a foreign-based
group in China that was likely seeking intellectual property, and explained
"highly sophisticated" methods were used to bypass security systems within its
computer network.

"The intruder has been eradicated, and applications have been deployed to
protect against future attacks," Ogletree said.

Community Health Systems added it is working with federal law enforcement
authorities in the investigation, and will support the prosecution of those
responsible for the data breach.

"Many American companies and organizations have been victimized by foreign-based
cyber intrusions," Ogletree said. "It is up to the federal government to create
a national cyber defense that can prevent this type of criminal invasion from
happening in the future."

Other Indiana hospitals impacted by the data breach included Bluffton Regional
Medial Center, Kosciusko Community Hospital in Warsaw, Porter Hospital in
Valparaiso, and several Fort Wayne facilities, including Dupont Hospital,
Lutheran Hospital, Lutheran Rehabilitation Hospital, St. Joseph Hospital and The
Orthopedic Hospital.

___ (c)2014 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140819-LG-Data-breach-affects-Dukes-Memorial-Hospital-0819-20140819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2014 Pharos-Tribune


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

Hostess layoffs could affect 38 in Norwich, Uncasville

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


May 16--Hostess Brands Inc., which filed for bankruptcy protection in January,
has notified the state that it is bracing for up to 38 layoffs at facilities in
Uncasville and Norwich, just a portion of a possible 187 job reductions
throughout Connecticut.

The layoffs at the maker of Wonder Bread and Twinkies would occur around July 6
if necessary, according to a filing on a state Worker Adjustment and Retraining
Notification site. The notification said up to 36 of the layoffs could occur at
Hostess's Uncasville distribution facility and two could happen at its Norwich
retail site.

"On May 4th, we mailed conditional WARN notices to all 18,500 Hostess Brands
employees around the country," said Hostess spokesman Erik Halvorson in an
email. "The notices were sent to alert employees that a sale or wind down of the
company is possible in the future."

Both sites may be closed permanently, according to notification letters
forwarded to Norwich Mayor Peter Nystrom and Montville Mayor Ronald K. McDaniel
Jr.

"The company has been actively engaged in discussions with various lenders and
potential purchasers regarding Hostess's restructuring," the letters said. "Our
primary focus is to complete our restructuring of the company and emerge from
Chapter 11 (bankruptcy) as a viable company."

The layoffs are part of a nationwide restructuring of the company that could
lead to more than 20 percent of Hostess's workforce being laid off in the coming
weeks, according to the notification.

Hostess, which does not bake any of its products in Connecticut, also announced
possible layoffs at sites in East Windsor, Cheshire and Bridgeport.

The notice said company employees are represented by as many as 12 unions,
including the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and the Bakery,
Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers International Union.

Hostess Brands filed for bankruptcy eight years after a predecessor company,
Interstate Bakeries, also failed. Interstate emerged from bankruptcy as Hostess
Brands just three years ago.

l.howard@theday.com

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120516-NL-Hostess-layoffs-could-affect
-38-in-Norwich-Uncasville-0516-20120516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday

Shutdown may affect schools

BYLINE: Kari Lucin, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 968 words


June 22--WORTHINGTON -- In preparation for a possible July 1 government
shutdown, District 518 sent layoff notices to 470 employees, including the
superintendent, principals, teachers, paraprofessionals and custodians.

Three Democratic-Farmer-Labor state legislators from the Minneapolis-St. Paul
area visited Worthington Tuesday to discuss the possible shutdown's impact to
schools with local leaders.

"The only thing we have here today is ... the DFL side. If we had the
Republicans here we would hear a different thing," said Linden Olson, a member
of the District 518 Board of Education. "I think that this is symptomatic of
what is wrong with the legislature."

State representatives Nora Slawik, DFL-Maplewood, Mindy Greiling, DFL-Roseville,
and Jim Davnie, DFL-Minneapolis, visited Willmar, Worthington and Marshall
Tuesday, listening to concerns and getting feedback from people about proposed
legislation and the shutdown.

The three lawmakers criticized state Republicans, stating they are unwilling to
compromise to develop a budget before the shutdown deadline.

They also stressed the need for education funding and the corresponding need for
adequate funding in other areas -- which would allow the state to halt its
practice of delaying payments to school districts to prop up the general fund.
By delaying payments, the government essentially borrows money from the schools.

Superintendent John Landgaard, District 518's superintendent, said his district
has been prudent with its money and has retained an adequate fund balance.

Even with its reserves, however, the school would have to borrow money in order
to make it through September, and even with borrowed funds, the school could
only run for an additional two months.

Borrowing the money would cost about $30,000, said Paul Karelis, Worthington
High School principal. He wondered whether the state would pay for that -- and
what would happen to schools in statutory operating debt.

"We provide a quality education to many kids in this district, and that might be
compromised," Landgaard warned. "How are we going to get a solution on the
table?"

Davnie replied that compromise was the solution, and advocated increasing taxes
for the top two percent of earners in the state of Minnesota.

Karelis also wondered what would happen to students who could not take the
writing, reading and math tests required to graduate from high school in the
state of Minnesota. If the state shut down and tests were not administered,
students could not graduate and move on to college.

"I've seen no evidence that school districts or other local government agencies
have the authority to shut down like the state," said Cornelius Smith,
superintendent of Round Lake and Brewster schools. "I don't know where we'll
go."

Greiling expressed optimism and hope that a court hearing set for Thursday would
solve some of the most immediate problems for schools and allow them to remain
open in the event of a shutdown.

"I just think it's terrible to be playing chicken with the schools," Greiling
said.

The education bill was passed by the Republican-controlled Legislature and
vetoed by the governor. It contained provisions for increased evaluation and
regulation of teachers, as well as other policy changes.

"It felt like someone who'd had a bad experience with a teacher wrote the bill,"
said Sheryl Hoekstra, who teaches second grade at Prairie Elementary.

Slawik said Tea Party anti-government sentiments were behind some of the
negative language in the bills.

"They think teachers are overpaid and underworked," Slawik said.

Though evaluations for teachers are nearly universally supported, the vetoed
education bill would require District 518 to perform 500 evaluations a year
rather than 150-175, Landgaard said. The school would have to hire an additional
full-time staff member -- without any additional funding from the state -- for
that purpose.

"There needs to be a better communication tool between districts and legislators
on education," Landgaard said.

Gary Fisher, superintendent of Luverne Public Schools, said the situation had
taken on a spiral effect, and that everything was going downward.

"What it is, is both parties have dug their heels in, and people are going to
pay, and it's the wrong people who are going to pay," Fisher said. "Let's get
over the feeling of 'OK, let's make a statement' and just sit down and get (the
budget) done."

Davnie encouraged people to contact their lawmakers, and said constituents could
make a difference.

The education bill also included some major changes to the state's integration
funding, and could potentially spell the end of the Nobles County Integration
Collaborative.

The bill that was passed would have provided funds for "innovation transition
aid" for one year, and then "literacy aid" for a second year. The funding for
the greatly altered program would be the same in Greater Minnesota but cut
drastically in the Metro area.

The vetoed bill also allowed schools to use the money on their own rather than
collaborating with other schools. Funding would be based on student growth,
which could cause tension between schools and make collaboration difficult.

"It gives us a year to shut down," said Sharon Johnson, coordinator of the NCIC.

The governor vetoed that bill, leaving the Collaborative, too, in limbo. A new
bill could contain the same provisions, or nothing at all about integration --
meaning the NCIC would continue its operations as usual for another two years.

To see more of The Daily Globe, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dglobe.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110622-QG-Shutdown-may-affect-schools-0622-20110622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily Globe


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday

Bay Area gas prices on the rise yet again;
San Francisco metro area ties its record; higher numbers at the pump also drive
up the costs of other items that are trucked in

BYLINE: Janis Mara, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 604 words


Just in time to mess up weekend getaways, gas prices tied a record high Friday
in the San Francisco metro area -- and the East Bay wasn't far behind.

The average price for a gallon of unleaded gas hit $3.36 -- up 34 cents from a
month ago _-- in the San Francisco metro area, which includes San Mateo County,
according to AAA.

In the East Bay, prices jumped to $3.26 per gallon, up 34 cents from a month
ago, and the San Jose area saw prices increase to $3.24 a gallon, up 33 cents in
the past month.

The pain at the pump is particularly acute in California, which has the nation's
highest average gas prices. The Golden State's average price for a gallon of
regular unleaded is $3.23, and the U.S. average is $2.64.

Prices might continue to increase an additional penny or two per gallon as the
weeks go by, according to AAA spokeswoman Cynthia Harris.

Jamie Court, president of consumer advocacy group the Foundation for Taxpayer
and Consumer Rights, was even more pessimistic. "We have record San Francisco
Bay Area prices in March, which means by summer we are heading toward $4 a
gallon if no one intervenes," Court said.

Drivers around the Bay are all too accustomed to soaring gas prices and the
accompanying hit to the pocketbook. But the increases also herald higher prices
in other areas, such as groceries and other goods, some motorists noted.

"Did I notice that gas prices are up? Did I notice that it rained Monday?" Ross
Pytlik of Livermore asked rhetorically. He said he's concerned because not only
do the increases affect him directly, but also "any time raw material or
transportation costs increase, other items are going to go up."

Indeed, "Almost three-quarters of every community in California is served
exclusively by truck. So higher prices of fuel in some trucking sectors will
have an effect on the price of goods in California," said Matt Schrap,
regulatory specialist for the California Trucking Association.

"I take the bus, but gas prices do affect me," said Alechia Robertson, who was
enjoying Friday's sunshine in downtown Oakland with her friend Alyssa Chhan of
Berkeley. "Gas controls everything. Airline tickets and other goods will be
affected."

AAA's Harris agreed, saying, "High gas prices affect the price of food, airfare,
hotels, groceries, clothing; every kind of merchandise is trucked in from
somewhere. It (higher prices) affects us on every level."

Robertson said she thinks prices have gone up because of instability in the
Middle East. Chhan said she thinks it's supply and demand. According to Harris,
they're both right.

"Refinery inventories are always low this time of year because they are
switching from the winter blend of gas to the cleaner-burning summer blend,"
Harris said. This disrupts supply because refineries let their supplies of the
winter blend of fuel decline in anticipation of replacing them with the summer
blend.

"Second, there have been problems at refineries around the country," Harris
said, such as equipment malfunctions and a fire at a Texas refinery.

Other factors include the price of crude oil, which surged Thursday to a
six-month high of more than $66 a barrel, and the continuing tension in Iraq,
Harris said.

Harris urged motorists to shop around for the least expensive gas, saying prices
can vary widely from station to station.

To find the lowest gas prices in your area, visit www.aaa.com/gasprices or
www.gasbuddy.com. Also, the California Energy Commission has a number of
gas-saving tips at its Consumer Energy Center, www.consumerenergycenter.org.

Reach Janis Mara at jmara@angnewspapers.com or 510-208-6468. Read her Energy
Blog at InsideBayArea.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Carleton Place

                             May 12, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

LA City Council approves boycott of Arizona business over new immigration law

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Los Angeles on Wednesday became the largest city yet to
boycott Arizona over its tough new law targeting illegal immigration in a move
that likely will affect some $8 million in contracts with the state.

The City Council voted 13-1 to bar Los Angeles from conducting business with
Arizona unless the law is repealed. The vote followed an emotional council
discussion during which many members said that their ancestors were U.S.
immigrants.

Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa already has said he would approve the boycott.

The proposal could affect investments and contracts worth as much as $52
million, including contracts for airport, harbour and trucking services,
according to a report from the city's chief legislative analyst. That report
recommends the council consider suspending travel, cutting contracts and
refraining from making any new ones with Arizona-based companies.

But Councilwoman Janice Hahn, who co-authored the resolution, said it would be
impractical to cancel most of those deals and only about $7 million to $8
million in city contracts probably would be affected.

"US Airways is based in Arizona and they certainly fly in and out" of Los
Angeles and it would hardly be feasible to end those flights, Hahn said before
the council vote.

Hahn said the Los Angeles boycott also won't affect the city's Department of
Water and Power, which has wind farm and nuclear energy contracts in Arizona.
Among the contracts with Arizona companies that conceivably could be terminated
are those for helicopter services, Taser guns, waste management, engineering and
surveillance equipment.

Hahn said "the best scenario" would be to turn around and give those contracts
to California suppliers.

The resolution claims that Arizona's new law encourages racial profiling and is
unconstitutional. The law, set to take effect July 29, requires police enforcing
another law to question a person about his or her immigration status if there is
"reasonable suspicion" that the person is in the United States illegally and
makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally. Several lawsuits seeking
to block its implementation are pending in U.S. District Court in Phoenix.

Some polls have shown strong popular support for the Arizona law and critics are
concerned that other states may follow up with their own versions.

Several cities across the country have passed resolutions or urged boycotts to
protest the law, including California cities such as Oakland and San Diego. A
nonbinding resolution approved Tuesday by San Francisco city supervisors urges a
boycott of Arizona-based businesses and asks sports leagues not to hold
championship games or tournaments there.

Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said the boycotts are unfortunate and misguided,
primarily because the law mirrors a federal requirement that legal immigrants
carry immigration papers.

"It's already the law in the United States, and I have a responsibility to stand
up and protect the people of Arizona and we will do that," Brewer said Tuesday.

Charges that the law will lead to racial profiling are "just pure rhetoric,"
Brewer said.

"I find it really interesting that we have people out there that are attempting
a boycott in favour of illegal actions in Arizona. That to me is just
unbelievable."

Of the resolution in Los Angeles, Hahn said: "We want to stand back and say that
we're against it. We're hoping that Arizona will be the last state to do this
instead of just the first state to do it."

The city staged a similar economic boycott against South Africa during apartheid
and against Colorado after voters in 1992 passed a state law repealing local
ordinances that banned discrimination against homosexuals.

___

AP reporter Paul Davenport in Phoenix contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                             May 12, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

LA City Council approves boycott of Arizona business over new immigration law

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Los Angeles on Wednesday became the largest city yet to
boycott Arizona over its tough new law targeting illegal immigration in a move
that likely will affect some $8 million in contracts with the state.

The City Council voted 13-1 to bar Los Angeles from conducting business with
Arizona unless the law is repealed. The vote followed an emotional council
discussion during which many members said that their ancestors were U.S.
immigrants.

Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa already has said he would approve the boycott.

The proposal could affect investments and contracts worth as much as $52
million, including contracts for airport, harbour and trucking services,
according to a report from the city's chief legislative analyst. That report
recommends the council consider suspending travel, cutting contracts and
refraining from making any new ones with Arizona-based companies.

But Councilwoman Janice Hahn, who co-authored the resolution, said it would be
impractical to cancel most of those deals and only about $7 million to $8
million in city contracts probably would be affected.

"US Airways is based in Arizona and they certainly fly in and out" of Los
Angeles and it would hardly be feasible to end those flights, Hahn said before
the council vote.

Hahn said the Los Angeles boycott also won't affect the city's Department of
Water and Power, which has wind farm and nuclear energy contracts in Arizona.
Among the contracts with Arizona companies that conceivably could be terminated
are those for helicopter services, Taser guns, waste management, engineering and
surveillance equipment.

Hahn said "the best scenario" would be to turn around and give those contracts
to California suppliers.

The resolution claims that Arizona's new law encourages racial profiling and is
unconstitutional. The law, set to take effect July 29, requires police enforcing
another law to question a person about his or her immigration status if there is
"reasonable suspicion" that the person is in the United States illegally and
makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally. Several lawsuits seeking
to block its implementation are pending in U.S. District Court in Phoenix.

Some polls have shown strong popular support for the Arizona law and critics are
concerned that other states may follow up with their own versions.

Several cities across the country have passed resolutions or urged boycotts to
protest the law, including California cities such as Oakland and San Diego. A
nonbinding resolution approved Tuesday by San Francisco city supervisors urges a
boycott of Arizona-based businesses and asks sports leagues not to hold
championship games or tournaments there.

Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said the boycotts are unfortunate and misguided,
primarily because the law mirrors a federal requirement that legal immigrants
carry immigration papers.

"It's already the law in the United States, and I have a responsibility to stand
up and protect the people of Arizona and we will do that," Brewer said Tuesday.

Charges that the law will lead to racial profiling are "just pure rhetoric,"
Brewer said.

"I find it really interesting that we have people out there that are attempting
a boycott in favour of illegal actions in Arizona. That to me is just
unbelievable."

Of the resolution in Los Angeles, Hahn said: "We want to stand back and say that
we're against it. We're hoping that Arizona will be the last state to do this
instead of just the first state to do it."

The city staged a similar economic boycott against South Africa during apartheid
and against Colorado after voters in 1992 passed a state law repealing local
ordinances that banned discrimination against homosexuals.

___

AP reporter Paul Davenport in Phoenix contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Waterloo Chronicle

                             May 12, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

LA City Council approves boycott of Arizona business over new immigration law

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 623  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


LOS ANGELES, Calif. - Los Angeles on Wednesday became the largest city yet to
boycott Arizona over its tough new law targeting illegal immigration in a move
that likely will affect some $8 million in contracts with the state.

The City Council voted 13-1 to bar Los Angeles from conducting business with
Arizona unless the law is repealed. The vote followed an emotional council
discussion during which many members said that their ancestors were U.S.
immigrants.

Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa already has said he would approve the boycott.

The proposal could affect investments and contracts worth as much as $52
million, including contracts for airport, harbour and trucking services,
according to a report from the city's chief legislative analyst. That report
recommends the council consider suspending travel, cutting contracts and
refraining from making any new ones with Arizona-based companies.

But Councilwoman Janice Hahn, who co-authored the resolution, said it would be
impractical to cancel most of those deals and only about $7 million to $8
million in city contracts probably would be affected.

"US Airways is based in Arizona and they certainly fly in and out" of Los
Angeles and it would hardly be feasible to end those flights, Hahn said before
the council vote.

Hahn said the Los Angeles boycott also won't affect the city's Department of
Water and Power, which has wind farm and nuclear energy contracts in Arizona.
Among the contracts with Arizona companies that conceivably could be terminated
are those for helicopter services, Taser guns, waste management, engineering and
surveillance equipment.

Hahn said "the best scenario" would be to turn around and give those contracts
to California suppliers.

The resolution claims that Arizona's new law encourages racial profiling and is
unconstitutional. The law, set to take effect July 29, requires police enforcing
another law to question a person about his or her immigration status if there is
"reasonable suspicion" that the person is in the United States illegally and
makes it a state crime to be in the country illegally. Several lawsuits seeking
to block its implementation are pending in U.S. District Court in Phoenix.

Some polls have shown strong popular support for the Arizona law and critics are
concerned that other states may follow up with their own versions.

Several cities across the country have passed resolutions or urged boycotts to
protest the law, including California cities such as Oakland and San Diego. A
nonbinding resolution approved Tuesday by San Francisco city supervisors urges a
boycott of Arizona-based businesses and asks sports leagues not to hold
championship games or tournaments there.

Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said the boycotts are unfortunate and misguided,
primarily because the law mirrors a federal requirement that legal immigrants
carry immigration papers.

"It's already the law in the United States, and I have a responsibility to stand
up and protect the people of Arizona and we will do that," Brewer said Tuesday.

Charges that the law will lead to racial profiling are "just pure rhetoric,"
Brewer said.

"I find it really interesting that we have people out there that are attempting
a boycott in favour of illegal actions in Arizona. That to me is just
unbelievable."

Of the resolution in Los Angeles, Hahn said: "We want to stand back and say that
we're against it. We're hoping that Arizona will be the last state to do this
instead of just the first state to do it."

The city staged a similar economic boycott against South Africa during apartheid
and against Colorado after voters in 1992 passed a state law repealing local
ordinances that banned discrimination against homosexuals.

___

AP reporter Paul Davenport in Phoenix contributed.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                RedEye, Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 16, 2015 Monday

As election looms, we break it down: 5 ways the mayor's job affects your life

BYLINE: Leonor Vivanco, RedEye, Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 775 words


Feb. 16--From protected bike lanes and summer festivals to speeding tickets and
potholes, and yes, even your next career move, the mayor of Chicago can play a
role in your everyday life.

The mayor sets the agenda for the operation and future of the city and lines up
the votes on the City Council to pass his proposals from the parking meter lease
to the minimum wage increase. The mayor also has a say in how the money
taxpayers hand over should be spent and if residents should pay more. As the
face of the city, he can also throw his weight around in luring companies to
bring their headquarters and jobs to Chicago, persuading George Lucas to build a
museum on the lakefront and trying to land the Obama presidential library here.

Running the city is a 24-hours-a-day seven-days-a-week job. And it doesn't pay
as much as being the CEO of a company would. The mayor's annual salary in
Chicago is $216,210, which is less than the police superintendent who reports to
him.

With the Feb. 24th city election looming, voters ponder everything from who to
pick to whether it even matters -- and statistics show that the overwhelming
majority don't exercise their civic duty in municipal elections. Experts have
weighed in time and again, suggesting low voter turnout is the result of
everything from Chicago's cold weather to indifference.

Here are some reminders about how Chicago's top elected official has an affect
on those who work and live in Chicago -- and why these elections are important:

1. Chicago has been dubbed "Chiraq" because violent neighborhoods can seem like
a war zone. In a city that saw more than 400 homicides and a 14 percent uptick
in shooting victims last year, it's the mayor who has the authority in picking
the police superintendent to clamp down on crime. The police superintendent
deploys police officers and implements crime-fighting strategies to combat
violence. If CNN's documentary series "Chicagoland" was any indication, it's
clear Mayor Emanuel is often in touch with his police chief.

2. The mayor is the city's biggest cheerleader to promote Chicago as a great
place to work, live and visit. He recruits companies and convinces them to bring
jobs and relocate their corporate headquarters to Chicago. The Chicago area is
home to more than 400 major corporate headquarters and specifically eight
Fortune 500 companies in the city. Since Mayor Emanuel took office in 2011,
about 30 companies have picked Chicago for their headquarters and more than
53,000 jobs have been created including some at startups based at the 1871
entrepreneurial hub.

3. Caught on camera blowing a red light? Or speeding? Well, sure, drivers have
to own up to breaking the law -- but the mayor had some role in that ticket. Two
different mayors brought those cameras into the city. And that's on top of the
controversial parking meter deal drivers are reminded of every time they have to
pay the meter. Mayor Daley pushed through the deal to lease the parking meters
for 75 years for $1.15 billion upfront which he spent most of it while the
private company continued to raise parking meter rates.

4. Run along the lakefront path? Rock out during Lollapalooza in Grant Park or
Riot Fest in Humboldt Park? It's all park district property and the mayor has a
hand in picking who runs the park district like he does with other sister
agencies including the CTA and public schools. Mayor Emanuel supported a smoking
ban in parks, offered George Lucas a lakefront site on the museum campus and is
behind the proposal to transfer park property to the city to put the Obama
presidential library in Jackson Park or Washington Park.

5. When you buy a ticket to a Hawks game, you might notice an amusement tax on
your ticket stub that gets paid to the city. If a pack of smokes went up last
year, you can thank the city for raising the cigarette tax by 50 cents so it
costs $7.17 per pack. Residents have been forced to pay more out of their
pockets because of tax and fee hikes needed to help balance the city's budget
and pay for services. Every year, the mayor proposes a budget to pay for city
services such as police patrols to pothole repairs. He needs to get the City
Council to sign off on it before his programs and initiatives can go into
effect. Running the city is a 24-hours-a-day seven-days-a-week job. And it
doesn't pay as much as being the CEO of a company would. The mayor's annual
salary in Chicago is $216,210, which is less than the police superintendent who
reports to him.

For more RedEye election news, click here.

___ (c)2015 RedEye (Chicago) Visit RedEye (Chicago) at www.redeyechicago.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150216-1RC-As-election-looms-we-break-it-down-5-ways-the-mayor-s-job-
affects-your-life-0216-20150216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1RC


                                 Copyright 2015


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             April 1, 2008 Tuesday

FIGHT ARTHRITIS WITH APPLAUSE

BYLINE: Susan Jurgelski

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 219  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


New Era Healthy Habits Club | By Susan Jurgelski

Arthritis isn't kid stuff.

But on Sunday, local children will hit the fashion runway to help raise money to
benefit those who suffer from all forms of juvenile arthritis.

Applause!, a children's fashion show sponsored by the Arthritis Foundation,
Central PA Chapter, Lancaster-Lebanon Counties Branch, will be held at the
Travelodge & Conference Center, 1492 Lititz Pike, Lancaster.

Doors will open at noon, and a fashion show will follow a dinner buffet.

Young models will showcase fashions from Hartstrings, Fashion Bug, Strasburg
Children, B-Moss, Deb Shoppe, Lands End and Limited Too.

Juvenile arthritis includes the more than 100 different forms of the disease
that affect children before their 16th birthday. There are three types of
juvenile arthritis: polyarticular, which affects five or more joints;
pauciarticular, which affects four or fewer joints; and systemic, which affects
the joints and internal organs.

According to the Atlanta-based National Arthritis Foundation, more than 285,000
children in the United States suffer from arthritis.

While many affected children outgrow their symptoms by young adulthood, JA is
considered a chronic illness that can last months or years.

Tickets for the show only are $15 at the door.

For more information, call 397-6271.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Counselor to speak on historical and generational trauma

BYLINE: Lisa Kaczke, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 630 words


Nov. 09--Trauma spanning generations of a family or across a community creates
adverse effects for children that can cause problems well into adulthood,
according to a counselor scheduled to speak on the issue in Duluth this week.

Sam Simmons has worked as an alcohol and drug counselor for the past two decades
and has spent the last several years using historical and generational trauma as
a framework for the experiences of black Americans.

"Trauma, especially toxic trauma, has an effect on the actual physical
development of a child's brain and can affect their ability to be able to manage
their emotions," Simmons said.

The Duluth school district is bringing in Simmons to discuss historical and
generational trauma with the community and school district staff. Simmons works
at The Family Partnership in the Twin Cities, where he manages the federally
funded Be More campaign to end violence against women. He also organizes the
annual Community Empowerment Through Black Men Healing Conference.

Simmons is scheduled to present "Historical and Generational Trauma and its
Relationship to Adverse Childhood Experiences" at 6 p.m. Thursday, in the
auditorium of Lincoln Park Middle School. The session is free and open to the
public.

Generational trauma, also known as intergenerational trauma, is a trauma
experienced by a previous generation which affects the next generation,
depending on how the previous generation handled the trauma, Simmons explained.
It was first recognized in 1966 after large numbers of children of Holocaust
survivors were seeking treatment.

Historical trauma is a collective trauma experienced among generations of people
in a community. Maria Yellow Horse Brave Heart, a psychiatry professor at the
University of New Mexico, developed the theory of historical trauma to explain
the disparities experienced by Native Americans.

Simmons said during his visit to Duluth, he'll be helping people "connect the
dots" of the behaviors they're seeing and why those behaviors are occurring.
He'll provide better ways to address the issues "because we have ignored these
traumas -- because it's real hard to accept them, especially around how we've
dealt with Native Americans and African Americans -- and how that's showing up
in schools and our community," he said.

He plans to discuss adverse childhood experiences and "how these experiences
over time have an effect on an individual as they grow up if they're not
addressed in terms of how it affects their behavior, their health behavior, and
then can eventually affect their health," he said.

Certain experiences in childhood related to emotional, physical or sexual abuse
and household dysfunction, are risk factors for the leading causes of death in
adults, according to a study completed by the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention and Kaiser Permanente, a health consortium in California.

The way human beings respond to trauma is often referred to as the "fight or
flight" mentality, Simmons said.

"But what happens for some young people, they stay stuck in fight or flight so
they're always edgy. They over-respond to a lot of things because they're always
afraid," he explains.

The trauma then begins to be expressed in adulthood in behaviors that include
eating, drinking and smoking, which translates into health problems, he said.

It can affect the community at large, depending on how people handle the
traumatic experience.

"What we know is, even if you had these experiences, if you have a caring adult
in your life -- it doesn't necessarily have to be a parent -- they could help a
child deal with that toxic stress," he said.

___ (c)2015 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151109-DU-Counselor-to-speak-on-historical-and-generational-trauma-1109-201511
09

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2015 Duluth News-Tribune


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 20, 1995, Monday, Final Edition

Capitals Left Cold By a Power Outage

Len Hochberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 787 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, Nov. 19


If ever there was a hockey oxymoron, right now it is: Washington Capitals power
play. It can't get much weaker than 4 of 76, which is what the Capitals have
done in man-advantage situations dating back 14 games, to the latter stages of
the contest against Colorado on Oct. 18.

The Capitals were 0 of 8 on the power play on Saturday night, when they endured
their first shutout of the season, 3-0 at the hands of the Pittsburgh Penguins.
The loss dropped the Capitals to .500, at 9-9-1. They are winless in their past
six games (0-5-1 -- nine goals scored) and have won once in their past eight
(1-6-1 -- 14 goals).

"We're doing a lot of things well," Coach Jim Schoenfeld said, "but the one
thing that is killing us is that we aren't scoring goals. And if you aren't
scoring goals, you put an awful lot of pressure on your team defensively. And if
you aren't scoring goals, your power play is dreadful. So, it affects
everything.

"It affects not only our special teams offensively, but it affects our team
defensively, because the players play with the thought in mind that any mistake
could be the one that costs us the game."

Not too long ago, the Capitals had a good power play -- a very good one. Last
season they ranked sixth in the NHL on the power play despite not having the
reputation as a great offensive team. This season, before 4 of 74, the Capitals
were 8 of 37. Forward Pat Peake leads the team in power-play goals with four,
and he hasn't played since his thyroid cartilage was fractured when he was hit
with a hockey stick on Oct. 29.

"Chronologically, it looks like that was kind of the turning point, doesn't it?"
Schoenfeld said. "It coincides with his injury. . . . We thought he was playing
real well and he was our leading power-play scorer. But . . . he only played on
a line with two other players, so his absence could maybe affect the play of his
linemates. It shouldn't affect every other forward on our team. I mean, that's
ridiculous. And I won't accept guys using that as an excuse."

Both Peter Bondra, who separated his left shoulder two games ago, and Peake
could return to the lineup this week.

The power play went south long before Bondra went down (and was sinking while
Peake was still playing), but Peake's absence has been debilitating. He is one
of only four Capitals who shoots right-handed (defenseman Sylvain Cote, checking
forward Ken Klee and recent call-up Martin Gendron are the others).

"That hurts," Joe Juneau, the power play's quarterback, said of not having
Peake's right-handed shot. Juneau explained that "it's tough on that one side of
the power play. It's easier for their PK [penalty killers] to cut some of the
passes away. So it takes away a one-timer on that side of the ice."

A right-handed shooter, stationed to the goaltender's right, can make plays on
that side of the ice much more easily than a left-handed shooter, who has to
turn his body before releasing. It's akin to a right-handed first baseman in
baseball having more difficulty than a left-hander making throws around the
infield.

Schoenfeld acknowledges the theory, to a point.

"That's why he [Peake] was good for our power play. Not only is he a
right-handed shot, but he has great composure with the puck along the boards. He
has good timing -- when to get into a goalie's face, when to tip the puck. He
has a real good nose for the net.

"But, again, that's one power-play unit. I guess what I'm saying is, I will not
use Peter Bondra and Pat Peake as an excuse for our poor offensive performance.
We have enough guys in that room that can score goals and they have to accept
the responsibility and they have to score goals."

Said Juneau: "We're letting it bother us, a bunch of different things, a lot of
things that can take a guy's confidence." Juneau never has liked switching
linemates or power-play combinations with regularity, which is what's happening
now. Some players cite that as part of the reason for the poor offensive
numbers.

"I don't buy it at all," Schoenfeld said. "I think it's a fabrication. How long
do you go with a set group doing nothing on it? That's a major cop-out."

So Schoenfeld has been rearranging his lines faster than a con artist playing
the shell game in Times Square. He's done this, he's done that. And still, a
powerless play.

"Part of what we do as a coaching staff, we're trying to take a little of the
pressure off these guys, because we feel some of them are really playing with a
great lack of confidence offensively," Schoenfeld said. "But then on the other
side, players that are given that opportunity and have point-blank shots, I
mean, they have to start scoring. We can't keep explaining it away."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday

Layoff doesn't affect Milton senior

BYLINE: Ken Veloskey, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 499 words


Jan. 23--MILTON -- It was a good night for Morgan Blumer and in turn for Milton
High.

Blumer, a 5-foot-11 senior forward, stepped up and scored 27 points to lead the
Red Hawks to 51-39 victory Tuesday over Monroe in Badger South girls basketball.

Milton is 10-4 overall and 3-2 in the Badger South. Monroe is 1-13 and 0-6.

After week a without a game, Milton played listless basketball.

"Coming off the layoff we had for testing week, showed we were a little rough,"
Milton Coach Scott Randall said. "It took a while for us to get going, but once
we did get going, the intensity level came up and we did get going."

The Cheesemakers took advantage of the Red Hawks 5 of 16 shooting in the first
quarter to take a 13-10 lead into the second quarter as Heather Barta scored
eight points, including a pair of threes.

"We tried to come back strong (after a week off)," said Blumer, who plans to
attend Florida Gulf Coast in Fort Myers, Fla. "We try to pass and shoot right
away. We just had to calm our heads and take our time and get a right shot."

Milton continued to struggle in the second quarter, making seven turnovers, but
Blumer stepped up with six points, including two straight baskets in the final 1
minute, 43 seconds to give Milton a narrow 22-20 halftime lead.

Milton pulled out of its first-half haze to hammer Monroe 19-11 in the third
quarter and command a 41-31 lead. Blumer was the sparkplug, scoring 13 points
and making a pair of steals.

"Morgan is a competitor, and she does not want to lose," Randall said. "She is
consummate team player in some situations she probably could have scored more."

Blumer scored the final two baskets of the third quarter and started the fourth
quarter with a pair of steals and a basket between baskets from Ali Grischow and
Sydney Harms as Milton launched a 10-0 run for a 51-31 lead to effectively put
the game away.

"That (run) was all keyed by defense," Randall said. "Morgan is a huge part of
that up on top. She's got those long arms. The ball movement in that stretch was
much better."

Liz Westrick and Harms scored 11 points apiece to support Milton's victory.

"One of big goals almost every game is to get three players in double digits,
and we accomplished that tonight," Randall said. "You get three players in
double digits and Morgan is a big part of that because every body is keying off
of her and she's done a good job."

MILTON 51, MONROE 39

Monroe (39) -- McGuire, 2-2-8; katzenberger, 1-0-2; Barta, 3-0-8; Bell, 3-0-6;
Disch, 3-3-9; Vetterli, 2-0-4. Totals: 15-5-39.

Milton (51) -- Blumer, 12-2-27; Grischow, 1-0-2; Westrick, 3-3-11; Harms,
5-0-11. Totals: 21-5-51.

Monroe 13 7 11 8 -- 39

Milton 10 12 19 10 -- 51

Three-point goals -- Monroe 4 (McGuire 2, Barta 2), Milton 4 (Blumer, Westrick
2, Harms). Free throws missed -- Monroe 3, Milton 3. Total fouls -- Monroe 9,
Milton 10.

___ (c)2013 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130123-JG-Layoff-doesn-t-affect-Milton-senior-0123-20130123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2013 The Janesville Gazette


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 19, 2013 Saturday

BRIEF: Holiday will affect some banks, government offices, services

BYLINE: Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 224 words


Jan. 19--The Martin Luther King holiday Monday will close government offices and
change some services.

Federal, state, county and city government offices will be closed Monday, as
will the Ellettsville and Nashville town halls.

The Monroe County Solid Waste Managements District's administration office and
the recycling and solid waste stations will be closed Monday. There will be no
regular mail delivery Monday.

Indiana University, Ivy Tech Community College, Monroe County Community School
Corp. and Richland-Bean Blossom Community School Corp. will not hold classes
Monday.

The downtown and Ellettsville branches of the Monroe County Public Library will
be open Monday, and the Bookmobile will operate on its regular schedule.

Bloomington Transit routes will have reduced service Monday:

6 Campus Shuttle will operate on semester break schedule.

6 Limited will not operate.

7 Henderson/Walnut Express will not operate.

9 IU Campus/College Mall/Campus Corner will operate on semester break schedule.

9 Limited will not operate.

Schedules are available at www.bloomingtontransit.com.

Check banking hours Monday, as most banks are closed, including the IU Credit
Union and United Commerce Bank.

___ (c)2013 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130119-BM-BRF-Holiday-will-affect
-some-banks-government-offices-services-0119-20130119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2013 Herald-Times


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2011 Saturday

High court ruling could affect Berks case

BYLINE: Holly Herman, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


March 05--A U.S. Supreme Court ruling that statements made by a victim who later
dies can be used at trial could impact the prosecution of Reading man accused of
the 2009 burning death of a city woman, officials said.

Assistant Public Defender Richard A. Joyce had asked Judge Stephen B. Lieberman
to wait for the Supreme Court ruling before deciding pretrial motions in the
case of Donald E. Williams Jr.

The Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled 6-2 that statements made during an ongoing
emergency can be used in court if the victim dies.

In the local case, Williams, 33, of Reading is accused in the first-degree
burning death of Maria Serrano. Williams is in the county jail without bail.

Police said Williams forced Serrano to perform a sex act, then set her on fire
June 25, 2009.

Serrano, 49, of the 800 block of Lincoln Street died Aug. 9, 2009, of injuries
suffered from the fire, medical officials said.

Assistant District Attorney James E. Goldsmith asked that Serrano's statements
to witnesses that Williams tried to kill her by setting her on fire should be
presented at trial.

Goldsmith argued that Serrano made her statements because she was in the midst
of an emergency and believed she was going to die.

But Joyce wants the statements barred because he claims there is no proof
Serrano knew she was going to die.

Joyce argued that Serrano was not dying, but was urging paramedics to not allow
her to die when she made the statements.

"Nowhere in the evidence presented is there sufficient proof that Ms. Serrano
was on the brink of death," Joyce wrote.

Lieberman scheduled a hearing for next Friday.

District Attorney John T. Adams said the Supreme Court ruling further supports
Pennsylvania law, which allows prosecutors to use statements by dying people.

"We have had several cases over the years where statements have been admitted,"
Adams said.

Prosecutors are seeking the death penalty because the slaying occurred during an
arson.

In the Supreme Court case, Detroit police responded to a call that a man had
been shot in the parking lot of a gas station.

The victim, Anthony Covington, said he had been shot by "Rick." Covington was
taken to a hospital and later died.

An officer testified that the victim identified "Rick," and Richard Bryant was
convicted of murder.

The Michigan Supreme Court overturned the conviction because the victim's
out-of-court statement should not have been used against Bryant.

The Supreme Court reversed that decision and said the victim's statement could
be used because the primary purpose of the police questioning was to deal with
an ongoing emergency.

In a dissent opinion, Justice Antonin Scalia said his right to confront accusers
should be strictly followed.

Contact Holly Herman: 610-478-6291 or hherman@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110305-RE-High-court-ruling-could-affect-Berks-case-0305-20110305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday

SB 1070 unlikely to affect ag industry in Yuma

BYLINE: Stephanie A. Wilken, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 301 words


July 29--The immigration law slated to go into effect today changed Wednesday
morning after a decision from a federal court -- but representatives in the
agriculture industry say either way, it won't change things in Yuma County.

C.R. Waters, board member with the Yuma Fresh Vegetables Association, said he
hasn't seen a problem so far, and he doesn't think they'll see one in the
future.

"I don't see it having much impact on us, really," he told the Yuma Sun
Wednesday.

Waters also said local growers hire legal workers, ones who are permitted
legally to work in the U.S.

Wendy Fink-Weber, director of communications with the Western Growers
Association, which represents farmers and growers of speciality crops in Arizona
and California, agrees.

She said it's also the economy that plays a factor in whether SB 1070 could
impact the agriculture industry.

When the economy picks up and some workers move on to other jobs, she said, they
would expect that there could be a possibility of it affecting workers.

Anecdotally, they've heard of people leaving the state in light of SB 1070's
passing, she said.

Yuma is different than other areas of the state, she said

"In Yuma, there are workers that cross the borders every day on day work visas.
It will be different for a grower in Maricopa County than in Yuma County."

Stephanie A. Wilken can be reached at swilken@yumasun.com or 539-6857.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100729-YZ-SB-1070-unlikely-to-affect-ag-industry-in-Yuma-20100729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 1, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Consumer Groups Urge Labeling of Biotech Foods

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 421 words


Consumer groups urged federal regulators yesterday to require labeling of foods
containing genetically modified ingredients and to tighten the approval process
for biotech crops, but the food industry fears labels would unfairly stigmatize
the products.

"People are not confident with the process as it exists right now," said Carol
Tucker Foreman of the Consumer Federation of America, testifying at the second
of three hearings being held by the Food and Drug Administration on biotech
foods.

The FDA considers genetically engineered crops to be essentially identical to
conventional varieties, so the food industry isn't required to submit testing
data or to put special labels on biotech products.

Genetically engineered foods have become controversial in Europe and Asia.

In the United States, public advocacy groups and some members of Congress are
pressing the Clinton administration to require labeling. Some groups want
genetically engineered ingredients tested on animals and people before they are
approved for sale.

An estimated 57 percent of the soybeans and 30 percent of the corn planted in
the United States this year was genetically engineered to resist pests or
herbicides.

The food industry fears that requiring labels on biotech foods would make
consumers unnecessarily wary of such products.

Experts on consumer behavior and nutrition testified that shoppers don't
understand biotechnology well enough to interpret such labels. "They don't even
have a clear understanding of traditional plant breeding, much less genetic
engineering," said Mario Teisl, a University of Maine professor who has
consulted with the Environmental Protection Agency on consumer labeling.

"What the consumer wants to know is how does this affect me, how does it affect
the environment and how does it affect my family?" he said.

What is needed is a public education program to help consumers understand the
technology, said Mildred Cody, a Georgia State University nutrition professor
representing the American Dietetic Association.

Instead of requiring labels on biotech foods, the FDA should develop standards
for products that claim to be free from biotech ingredients, say food
manufacturers. Any biotech-free claims "must be substantiated," said John Gray,
president of the International Foodservice Distributors Association.

About 100 scientists, industry representatives, farmers and private citizens
testified at the hearing. The FDA's last hearing will be Dec. 13 in Oakland,
Calif.


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                 April 2, 2012

What Do You Want From Washington?

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 12 Vol. 16 No. 14

LENGTH: 464  words


WASHINGTON-During CUNA's GAC, Credit Union Journal asked attendees what results
they hoped get from legislators this year.

Mike Bryan, CEO

Mutual Savings CU, Atlanta

I would like to see them reduce the amount of burden from regulations. The rules
they are passing, coming out of Dodd-Frank, are really impacting our credit
union. Do I really think legislators will reduce the burden? No, but I try to
remain hopeful. I, too, want to make sure we are protected on the taxation
issue-banks are lobbying for repeal here. Credit unions are getting into a lot
of different areas now and banks think it's good time to go after our tax
exemption.

Steve Ahlness, CEO

Greater Minnesota CU, Mora, Minn.

I want less regulation, but it won't happen-we will get more if it. I hope the
member business lending bill goes through, that's No. 1. Other than that I have
no other expectations except preserving our tax exemption. Banks' attention in
this area is beginning to rise, and I have concerns. I just want the bankers to
leave us alone.

Tom Brewer, CEO

Peoples FCU, Nitro, W.Va.

I hope to see an increase in the member business lending cap; that would help
the majority of credit unions. It would give them the ability to lend more money
and create jobs. Credit unions can really play a role in the economic recovery
and, hopefully, Washington will see the light.

Bruce Brady, Chief HR Officer

Warren FCU, Cheyenne, Wyo.

I want Congress to focus on the economy and get people back to work. I would
also like them to really understand that when they pass a bill in the banking
world it affects everyone, every day. The Durbin rule really did a job on
Americans. And this whole idea that you have to pass a bill to see what's in it,
that has to change. From an HR perspective, I am really worried about healthcare
legislation and how it will affect our ability to provide excellent health
benefits for our employees.

John Rupert, CEO

Muskegon Co-op FCU, Muskegon, Mich.

I hope regulatory relief is coming. That is everything to us now. MBL is also
important to the movement, and alternative capital would be great. I will keep
coming back to regulatory relief, because that reaches so deeply into the credit
union. It affects our operations, costs, and can affect the products and
services we deliver to members.

Sundie Seefried, CEO,

Partner Colorado, CU, Arvada, Colo.

I want a little more priority for credit unions, and I hope we don't get
upstaged by the bankers who will follow us to the Hill. It would be nice, too,
if we had some favorable legislation for credit unions, or for financial
institutions in general. A lot of seemingly anti-financial institution
legislation has been coming out of Washington, like the Durbin Amendment. It
seems like Washington is trying to punish us for the entire recession.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Deaf St. Louis woman slowly losing her sight, but sees life more clearly than
ever

BYLINE:  By Michele Munz St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1247 words


She was 22 when she found out - a time when you're figuring out the routes on
life's road map. She went from feeling like the world was full of options, to
suddenly feeling hopeless and powerless.

"When you are told you are going blind, all those things you thought you were
going to be come into question," said Megan Kennedy, now 30. "Am I going to be
able to do what I wanted to do?"

What made the diagnosis even scarier was that Kennedy was born profoundly deaf.
As her vision shrank, she feared her happiness would surely wane along with it.

Kennedy, of St. Louis, has Usher syndrome, which causes varying degrees of
deafness and blindness. She was born with severe hearing loss but didn't know
she had the genetic syndrome until she later started losing her sight.

Since childhood, she had wanted to be an architect. She loved how a building
could make her feel. Reeling from her diagnosis, she left the architecture
program at the University of Kansas and returned home. She enrolled in the
program at Washington University, not yet ready to give up on her dream.

"This was the one thing I had to hold on to," Kennedy said.

Completing the degree was a struggle. Her eyesight got worse. Assignments took
her twice as long. She was surrounded by successful classmates. She thought she
wasn't talented enough, that she didn't work hard enough.

With little information about Usher syndrome and no others to talk to about what
it was like living with the diagnosis, she felt isolated.

But on days when she felt most crushed, she would get a call, a note or a visit
from family, friends and even acquaintances. That support lifted her.

In 2008, Kennedy and her mom, Terry Cacciatore, were inspired to start a
foundation - now called the Megan Foundation - to help others with the syndrome.
They held a fancy fundraiser the following Valentine's Day.

More than 500 people attended. Kennedy was amazed when she saw the long line of
people waiting to get in, half of whom she didn't even know. Maybe, she thought,
there was something to this.

This Valentine's Day will be the Megan Foundation's fifth annual fundraiser,
bringing in a total of more than $100,000.

Kennedy has lost her peripheral vision and sees just 10 percent of what's in
front of her, but she sees life more clearly than ever.

800-POUND GORILLA

Kennedy took a test that estimates when she will lose her sight completely. The
prediction: age 36.

She has an 80 percent hearing loss. That level has stayed about the same most of
her life, but Kennedy has learned of people with Usher syndrome going deaf in
their 40s or 50s. She uses hearing aids in both ears and struggles in noisy
environments and deciphering high-pitched sounds.

In college, after nearly getting into an accident while driving at night, she
realized something was wrong. She had never heard of Usher syndrome when she was
diagnosed.

More than 400,000 people in the world have Usher syndrome, including 50,000 in
the U.S. It is a complex genetic disorder, involving multiple mutations that
result in varying degrees and rates of hearing and vision loss.

The vision loss is due to the degeneration of the retina, where cells convert
light into electrical impulses that transfer messages to the brain. Hearing loss
is similarly caused by damage to nerve cells found in the cochlea, the
transmitting structure in the inner ear.

Dr. Rajendra Apte, a retina expert at Washington University School of Medicine
who cares for Kennedy, said that while Usher syndrome has no treatment,
medications to slow the progression of the disease could be ready for testing in
five years. A bit further off, he said, are gene and stem therapies that could
regenerate eye cells. Scientists are also working to create a retinal implant,
which would work similarly to a cochlear implant for the deaf.

Research has improved in large part thanks to groups like the Megan Foundation
and the Usher Syndrome Coalition, which also started in 2008, Apte said. More
people are now learning how devastating Usher syndrome can be for families.

Kennedy had a hard time imagining what it would be like to lose her sight. The
fear would stop her in her tracks as she went through her day, watching her
niece laugh or sunlight filter through a window. She wondered how she could find
purpose, spend time with friends or feel close to those she loved.

TEXTURE OF VELVET

Because the disease slowly progresses, dread can be just as difficult to deal
with as the worsening physical limitations, Apte said. "It's like having an
800-pound gorilla on your head, where you're thinking the whole time, 'Where am
I going to be 10 years from now?'"

Kennedy's mom recalls the heart-wrenching weeks after the diagnosis, when her
daughter was trying to finish her semester at KU before returning home. All
Kennedy wanted to do was sleep. Depression and exhaustion were gripping her, so
Cacciatore visited often.

"I remember one instance when I busted the door open, pulled the covers back and
put her feet on the floor," Cacciatore said. "I said, 'You are not going to let
this destroy you.'"

Coming home was the cure. Kennedy saw how her family and friends believed in
her. She realized they would love her no matter what and would always be there.
It's an appreciation she never would have had otherwise.

"Mom, would I ever change this?" Cacciatore said her daughter would wonder. "As
horrible as it was, we found so much love from people. Even in my own brothers
and sisters, I saw something more deeply in them that I wouldn't have ever
noticed in my busy life."

Kennedy's fear is subsiding. She doesn't want to forget what things look like,
she says, so she studies hard things like the texture of velvet, the color red
and the house she grew up in.

"I can be in the moment and be really happy where I'm at," Kennedy said. "There
are beautiful things that come out of that - just learning how great it is right
now."

Her guide dog, Sunshine, alerts her to obstacles and finds the doors in a room.
She enjoys going to the Missouri Botanical Garden on sunny days and visiting
friends in quiet coffee shops.

People tell her she's an inspiration, but she finds inspiration in others.
People accept her, so she has become more accepting. Everyone struggles, she's
learned, and connection and empathy are what give us strength.

Decisions, she said, have been stripped down to what's important. In May, she
eloped with Ryan Kennedy, 34, after just a few months of dating. In September,
she quit her job at a marketing company where she wasn't happy. A couple of
weeks ago, she and her husband moved into an apartment building on the Hill that
her parents rehabbed and she helped design.

She wants to focus on the foundation - maybe start youth camps, scholarships or
travel expeditions to see things while patients can. She could devote more time
to her service with the national Usher Syndrome Coalition and local Diversity
Awareness Partnership. Maybe she'll refurbish old buildings.

"My story is changing," Megan Kennedy said. "I'm not exactly sure what it is,
but I'll find an answer to what my life is supposed to be."

SIGHTS AND SOUNDS OF LOVE SLENT AUCTION AND FUNDRAISER FOR THE MEGAN FOUNDATION

When: Valentine's Day, Feb. 14, 7:30 p.m.

Where: Lumen, 2201 Locust Street, St, Louis

Tickets: $60 each, includes live performance by the Rhythm Rockers, three drink
tickets, hors d'oeuvres, and valet parking

For more information or to order tickets got to meganfoundation.org/events,
email info@meganfoundation.org or call 314-764-5703.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Megan Kennedy, 30, of St. Louis, gets help from her husband working a
juicer on Friday, Jan. 30, 2015, at their apartment in St. Louis. Kennedy was
born with severe hearing loss, and when she was 22, she learned she was going
blind too. She has Usher Syndrome, a rare genetic disorder that affects 50,000
people in the U.S. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com  Hair
stylist Tricia O'Neill (left) guides Megan Kennedy to the appropriate blonde
swatch of a highlighted hair sample on Friday, Jan. 30, 2015, at Salon Lofts in
Clayton. Kennedy has only 10 percent peripheral vision and often needs
assistance with seeing things. Kennedy has Usher's Syndrome, a disorder that
affects both hearing and vision. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,
lskrivan@post-dispatch.com  "When Ryan is with me, he helps guide me. If not,
that's why Sunshine is there. I can't see the depth changes between the stairs,"
said Megan Kennedy, who leaves for for a hair appointment on Friday, Jan. 30,
2015, in St. Louis. Kennedy uses working dog since she suffers from Usher's
Syndrome, a disorder that affects both hearing and vision. Kennedy is legally
blind with only 10 percent peripheral vision. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,
lskrivan@post-dispatch.com  Ryan Kennedy kisses his wife Megan Kennedy goodbye
after driving her to a hair appointment on Friday, Jan. 30, 2015, at Salon Lofts
in Clayton. Kennedy uses a guide dog to help cope with her Usher's Syndrome, a
disorder that affects both hearing and vision. Kennedy is legally blind with
only 10 percent peripheral vision. Photo by Laurie Skrivan,
lskrivan@post-dispatch.com  "I lean on my friends or family a lot when I go to a
new place," said Megan Kennedy, who husband drove her to her hair appointment on
Friday, Jan. 30, 2015, in Clayton. Kennedy uses working dog since she suffers
from Usher's Syndrome, a disorder that affects both hearing and vision. Kennedy
is legally blind with only 10 percent peripheral vision. Photo by Laurie
Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 31, 2011 Thursday

26 Students Win Junior Division Category Honors

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Twenty-six Lancaster County middle school and junior high school students won
honors Tuesday in five categories at the North Museum Science & Engineering
Fair.

The categories, winners, names of the projects and winners' grades and schools
are:

Consumer Science

First: Karl Spoerl, "Which Drinks Are Healthier Choices?" 8, Centerville Middle
School.

Second: Haley Wolfe, "How Do Different Fire Retardants Affect How Fabric Burns?"
8, St. Anne School.

Third: Amanda Maze, "Does Bamboo Fabric Withstand Wear and Tear as Well as
Synthetic Fabric?" 7, Landisville Middle School.

Honorable Mention: Celeste Watson-Martin, "Can the Heat From a Computer
Sufficiently Heat the Room That it is in?" 7, Landisville Middle School.

Honorable Mention: Connor Moffatt, "How Different Fabrics Absorb Moisture," 7,
Centerville Middle School.

Honorable Mention: Abigail King, "Which Type of Insulation Is Most Effective in
Helping A Solar Oven to Retain Heat?" 7, home-schooled.

Earth Science

First: Mary Elizabeth Wentling, "Environmental Culpability in The Contamination
of the Little Conestoga River," 7, Landisville Middle School.

Second: Samantha Flick, "Best Choice for Oil Spill Cleanup," 7, Martic Middle
School.

Third: Hannah Sensenig, "How Do Worms Affect Plant Growth," 8, Lancaster Country
Day School.

Life Science

First: Nick High, "How Temperature Affects Bioluminescence in Dinoflagellates,"
8, Conestoga Valley Middle School.

Second: Erika Kennedy, "How Does the Strength of a Magnetic Field Affect the
Regeneration Rate of a Planarian?" 7, St. Anne School.

Third: Margaret Gingerich, "Ants Gone with Homemade Ant Trap," 7, Centerville
Middle School.

Honorable Mention: Grace Asuncion, "Nitrate Levels in Lancaster County Springs
and Streams," 8, St. Leo the Great School.

Honorable Mention: Lauren Richards, "What is the Effect of Different Drinks on
Tooth Enamel?" 8, St. Anne School.

Plant Science

First: Vanessa Cao, "The Effects of a Biostimulant, Organic Fertilizer, and Soil
Amendment on Recovery of Kentucky Bluegrass," 8, Landisville Middle School.

Second: Dilesha Tanna, "The Effect of Water Temperature on the Germination of
Mung Beans," 7, Manheim Township Middle School.

Third: Cameron Thompson, "Which Common Lawn Weed Removes More Carbon Dioxide
Compared to Grass?" 8, Landisville Middle School.

Honorable Mention: Rebekah Pauley, "Growing in Grey Water," 7, Ephrata Middle
School.

Physical Science

First: Emma Harrison, "What Are the Effects of Different Insulations" 8,
Centerville Middle School.

Second: Tyler Gunzenhauser, "The Protection Afforded by Calcium Oxalate Against
Acid Rain," 8, Landisville Middle School.

Third: Alexandra Struminger, "How Can I make an Economical Helio Tracker that
Imitates a Sunflower's Constant Movement Toward the Sun?" 8, Our Mother of
Perpetual Help School.

Honorable Mention: Erika Faulkner, "Insulation: Are Non-traditional Materials as
Good as Fiber Glass?" 7, Lancaster Country Day School.

Honorable Mention: Dominic Corrigan, "He Huffed and He Puffed But He Didn't Blow
the House down," 7, St. Anne School.

Honorable Mention: Brandon Cruz, "Looking for Radiation in All the Wrong
Places," 8, St. Leo the Great School.

Honorable Mention: Donovan Barry, "Wing Design's Effect on Lift," 8, St. Leo the
Great School.

Honorable Mention: Sarah Park, "The Effect of Different Types of Hair on Oil
Absorbency," 8, Manheim Township Middle School.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mary Wentling
Nick High
Vanessa Cao
Emma Harrison
Karl Spoerl

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Oilers' deals could affect Condors

BYLINE: Mike Griffith, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 690 words


Feb. 14--There's less than two weeks before the NHL trade deadline, and Condors
fans should pay attention.

Why?

Because if the Edmonton Oilers do make a deal -- or deals -- before the March 1
deadline, it likely will have ramifications at the AHL level.

Edmonton Oilers general manager Peter Chiarelli held court with the media in
Edmonton on Tuesday. He said he's fairly satisfied with where the Oilers stand
(third in the Pacific Division) and would prefer to see some of his players step
up in the next few games rather than be a major player in the trade game.

The Oilers, in a playoff position for the first time in a decade, are certainly
buyers, but Chiarelli is treading carefully into those waters. And he does not
really want to even test the waters of the rental market.

"I don't want to delve into that (rental) market," he said. "I don't see
ourselves being heavily involved. The team here deserves it (additions) based on
where we are in the conversation (playoffs), but we made a lot of moves last
summer. They're coming around.

"I mean, things do fall into your lap, but I don't think it's the right time."

As for acquiring a top player with years left on a contract, Chiarelli also did
not seem very interested.

"I'm not going to mortgage heavy (trades) for this year," he said. "From a
planning standpoint, it doesn't make sense."

OK then. What about a backup for goaltender Cam Talbot?

"I haven't given up on (Laurent Brossoit)," he said. "The coaches and I have
talked, and he'll get a chance. His practices have been good and so have his
games. We'll see how that unfolds."

Stay tuned.

On the farm (here in Bako)

Chiarelli, who saw the Condors in back-to-back games against Stockton earlier
this month, was also asked about a couple of players in Bakersfield: 18-year old
rookie forward Jesse Puljujarvi, the fourth overall pick by the Oilers in last
year's NHL draft, and defenseman Griffin Reinhart, the fourth overall pick by
the New York Islanders in 2012.

"He's getting a lot of touches, and you can see his confidence coming back,"
Chiarelli said of Puljujarvi. "His defensive side of the game is getting better.
He's made a lot of progress down there. He's playing a lot of minutes.

"He's going to be in the conversation come the deadline. He's a dangerous player
down there. Far and above the most dangerous player I've seen in both the games
down there. I was happy with what I saw."

Puljujarvi has 11 points (5g, 6a) in 15 games with the Condors.

As for Reinhart, Chiarelli said: "He's played very well. I had a good meeting
with him while I was down there. He's very assertive. He's putting up points,
he's joining the rush. He's made a lot of strides."

Reinhart is second in defensemen scoring for the Condors with 12 points (5g, 7a)
in 31 games.

Going up, coming down

Forward Iiro Pakarinen, who played five games for the Condors on a conditioning
assignment by the Oilers, is back with Edmonton and played for them Tuesday
night against Arizona. It was his first NHL game of the season after being
injured in training camp.

Returning to the Condors from Edmonton was center Anton Lander, who has been a
frequent flyer recently as he's gone from the AHL to NHL and vice-versa.

Lander has 28 points (15g, 13a) in just 18 games with the Condors.

Tip a Condor on Tuesday

The Condors are hosting the annual Tip a Condor dinner next Tuesday starting at
5:30 p.m. at the Temblor Brewing Company.

Tickets, which include dinner, are $35, with advance purchase required (call the
Condors office at 324-7825). Under-21 fans are welcome, and there will be a
Condors Kids zone set up for the young ones.

Players will serve as waiters and bartenders to earn tips throughout the night.
In addition, there will be numerous items up for auction, including a Leon
Draisaitl signed canvas and multiple Condorstown Outdoor jerseys.

The event has raised more than $172,000 for charity over the years. Proceeds
from this year's event will benefit the Kern County Shrine Club.

___ (c)2017 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170214-BK-Oilers-deals-could-affect-Condors-0214-20170214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2017 The Bakersfield Californian


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Trump hiring freeze affects vacancies at VA medical centers in W.Va.

BYLINE: Sarah Plummer and Wendy Holdren, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 713 words


Jan. 25--President Donald Trump initiated a hiring freeze for federal employees
Monday, which includes a halt on filling vacancies across West Virginia's four
VA Medical Centers.

A government website advertising job vacancies lists 1,200 openings with the
Department of Veterans Affairs nationwide.

In West Virginia, there are 56 job openings listed through the VA, including
jobs for licensed practical nurses, registered nurses, physicians assistants,
doctors and chiefs of staff.

Job openings for the Beckley Medical VA Center include a cardiologist,
psychologist, home-based primary care doctors, a doctor for emergency medicine,
chief of radiology (supervisory physician), and a deputy chief of staff (a
management position overseeing all aspects of primary care).

Ron Jennings, a 43-year-old Beckley native and U.S. Army retiree, said he fears
the hiring freeze will increase veterans' wait time for health care services.

Jennings' grandfather started receiving health care at the Beckley VA Medical
Center in the 1980s. Back then, he said his grandfather would go for an
appointment and be there all day.

Jennings, an Iraq war veteran, experienced the same issues as his grandfather
when he started going to the VA for services in 2000.

"With the past few directors at the Beckley VA, the wait time has gotten
tremendously better."

But with the hiring freeze in place, he said, "Hopefully it doesn't revert back
to the past."

Jennings also fears the vacancies will prompt the Beckley VA to transfer
veterans to other VA hospital in the region, such as Richmond, Salem or Durham.
He said travel to these locations may not be possible for veterans on fixed
incomes or those who are physically unable to travel.

Jennings, 6th District Commander of American Legion Post 32, added, "The local
American Legion hopes that President Trump continues to support all veterans and
to quickly come to a conclusion that will not hurt veterans and their health
care."

U.S. Representative Evan Jenkins (R-W.Va.) said he has concerns about a blanket
hiring freeze.

"Our veterans need and deserve access to timely, high-quality VA medical care
close to home, and I have deep concerns about a one-size-fits-all hiring
freeze," Jenkins said. "There are federal agencies and departments where money
can be saved without affecting the care our veterans have earned."

Amy Graham, Deputy Communications Director for U.S. Senator Shelley Moore Capito
(R-W.Va.), said, "The president has made it a priority to fix ongoing issues at
the VA and his administration has said this temporary measure will enable a
careful review of the steps needed to improve long-term care for veterans."

Senator Capito encourages a speedy review to ensure that positions needed to
improve health care for our veterans are filled, Graham said.

Shane Sullivan, interim Public Affairs Officer with the Beckley Medical VA
Center, is expected to release a statement today after speaking with center
leadership.

Messages left for Public Affairs Officers at VA medical centers in Huntington
and Clarksburg were not immediately returned Tuesday.

An official at Martinsburg VA Medical Center said all inquiries about the
federal hiring freeze would be referred to the U.S. Department of Veteran
Affairs. A message left with the VA office in Washington, D.C., was also not
immediately retuned Tuesday.

During a live streamed press conference, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer
confirmed the freeze does include positions through the Department of Veterans
Affairs but exempts military jobs and jobs deemed necessary for public safety.

Spicer said the freeze is meant to put the federal government on pause until an
analysis can be done on how best to fix the system.

"Hiring more people isn't the answer. It's hiring the right people," he told
reporters Tuesday.

The U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs, with 350,000 employees, is one of the
largest agencies effected by the hiring freeze. The agency provides health care
for around 9 million veterans each year at more than 1,200 medical facilities
nationwide.

-- Email: splummer@register-herald.com; follow on Twitter @Sarah_E_Plummer

___ (c)2017 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170125-WZ-Trump-hiring-freeze-affects
-vacancies-at-VA-medical-centers-in-W-Va-0125-20170125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2017 The Register-Herald


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

Winter weather advisory affects parts of north Alabama

BYLINE: Amy Pollick, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


Jan. 19--The Huntsville National Weather Service has issued a Winter Weather
Advisory for parts of north Alabama, including Limestone County, beginning at 3
a.m. Wednesday.

The NWS forecast calls for light sleet and snow spreading across the Tennessee
Valley early Wednesday morning, before transitioning to light freezing rain and
then to all rain by noon. Areas with the best chance of seeing the wintry mix
will mainly be north of the Valley, and total ice accumulations are expected to
be under one tenth of an inch. Total snow and sleet accumulations will be
between one half of an inch to one inch. Highs will be in the low 40s, with lows
in the high 30s.

"We're still getting new data in this morning," said Andy Kula, NWS
meteorologist. "We are right on the edge of it; could go either way, where we
could just see a light mix, or all liquid, if it warms up enough. Areas to the
north will have a much higher threat because it will be colder. If we get even
an hour of it (freezing rain), it can cause issues. We're not going to see much
before 6 a.m. It's just going to be a question of temperatures."

There is an 80 percent chance of rain on Thursday, with the possibility of
locally heavy showers. Highs will be in the low 50s, with lows in the low 40s.

There is a 50 percent chance of rain on Friday morning, which will mix with snow
by the afternoon and early evening before becoming all snow by late Friday
night. Highs on Friday will be in the mid-40s, with lows in the high 20s. Total
snowfall amounts by Saturday morning are forecast to be about a half-inch.
Saturday will be mostly sunny, with highs near 40 and lows in the mid-20s.

___ (c)2016 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160119-DD-Winter-weather-advisory-affects
-parts-of-north-Alabama-0119-20160119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2016 The Decatur Daily


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday

Credit agency move could affect borrowing for Reading School District

BYLINE: David Mekeel, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


Dec. 16--Reading, PA

Reading School District officials said it doesn't appear a recent move by a
major credit rating agency to withdraw its ratings for a state-backed school
district borrowing program will have an immediate negative impact on the
district.

New York-based Standard & Poor's has announced it has pulled its ratings based
on the government initiative -- the Pa. State Aid Intercept Program -- that
helps school districts get better rates when borrowing by guaranteeing to repay
bondholders.

The move was made because of Pennsylvania's ongoing state budget stalemate and
basically says the agency no longer values the state's guarantee.

There has been concern that the move will make it harder for poor districts like
Reading to borrow money.

Officials from the state's Treasury Department said there is concern that other
ratings agencies would follow suit, and the result would be that school
districts are effectively cut off from the debt market because the cost of
borrowing would be too high.

Wayne Gehris, the Reading district's chief financial officer, said Tuesday that
that would be a serious issue for school districts.

"With the extension of the budget stalemate, districts are limited to very few
options for funding," he said. "If districts are cut off from the bond market,
this would be another detrimental blow for districts statewide."

Gehris said districts could lose the ability to gain savings through refinancing
or restructuring debt, something Reading did to the tune of $4.4 million in
savings in September. That move also reduced the district's debt service
payments by $12 million over the next two years.

"Without guarantee programs available, districts may not be able to accomplish
these types of savings," Gehris said.

But that is more of a long-term concern. As for the short term, Gehris said he
thinks Reading will be OK.

At the beginning of the school year, the district obtained a tax-revenue
anticipation note that extended a $20 million line of credit to the district.
That's set to run out at the end of the month, and the Reading School Board is
expected to vote on obtaining a second line of credit at a special meeting
Wednesday night.

"It was to carry us through Dec. 31, with the assumption that the budget impasse
would be solved by then," he said.

Gehris said he does not think the S&P's announcement will impact securing that
line of credit.

Contact David Mekeel: 610-371-5014 or dmekeel@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2015 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151216-RE-Credit-agency-move-could-affect
-borrowing-for-Reading-School-District-1216-20151216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2015 Reading Eagle


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 6, 2015 Monday

Floridan aquifer concerns could affect Coastal Georgia

BYLINE: Gordon Jackson, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 980 words


July 06--ST. MARYS -- State Sen. William Ligon's proposed legislation to
prohibit the injection of groundwater into the Floridan aquifer may not be
enough to protect South Georgia residents.

Two heavily populated North Florida water management districts bordering Georgia
are considering projects that may include expanded use of reclaimed water, storm
water and peak surface water flows to replenish the aquifer.

Aquifer storage and recovery is when treated surface water is injected into and
underground freshwater source to be recovered later when fresh water sources
like rivers and lakes are low. A moratorium prohibiting the practice in effect
since 1999 expired in 2014.

"They've already been doing this in Florida," Ligon said.

The problem, some fear, is much of what Florida officials are doing could impact
Georgians dependent on the aquifer as their source of fresh water.

"This doesn't protect us from what Florida does," Ligon said. "A lot may depend
on where they do these things."

Ligon isn't the only one concerned about Florida's attempts to provide fresh
drinking water for a growing population.

Alice Keyes, associate director of the environmental group 100 Miles, said any
attempt to store water in the aquifer could impact residents in surrounding
states dependent on the underground water supply.

"Any attempts to pump surface water or wastewater into this pristine resource
concerns 100 Miles and other community activists," she said. "Once the
groundwater is contaminated, there is no going back."

Keyes said studies show the practice of aquifer storage and recovery can
increase arsenic in groundwater supplies that exceed EPA water quality
standards.

"Additionally, bacteria and pathogens can be introduced to groundwater," she
said. "For decades, our communities have grown and thrived with such reliable
water source. We have too much to lose if this important water resource is
contaminated."

The technology is improving, but there is still much scientists do not know
about the aquifer, such as how ground water moves, how contamination spreads and
the connectivity of different layers of the aquifer, which covers 100,000 square
miles across South Georgia and North Florida.

"We do know that there are very real dangers associated with pumping into the
Floridan aquifer," Keyes said. "(Aquifer storage and recovery) has been
practiced in Florida and in South Carolina for years, but the safety and
effectiveness of the projects are not reassuring."

She said 59 percent of the projects have been abandoned or suspended in Florida
due to arsenic contamination or the inability to recover stored water. In South
Carolina, projects have been abandoned because of clogging and dangerous levels
of bacteria contamination, she said.

Ligon's proposed legislation to place a permanent moratorium on the practice is
supported by 100 Miles and other environmental organizations, she said. The
legislation has also received the support of local municipalities such as St.
Marys, whose city council recently approved a resolution supporting a ban on
injecting and storing groundwater in the aquifer.

"We fully support this moratorium and appreciate Senator Ligon's leadership in
protecting our communities," Keyes said. "Local leaders throughout the coast are
voicing support for protecting our aquifer."

David Kyler, executive director for Center for a Sustainable Coast, said natural
resources including groundwater seldom follow state boundaries.

"Depending on where exactly the Florida water is injected, where that water
moves once underground, and what effects it has, Georgian's could be adversely
affected," he said. "I am very wary of the ability of any agency to carefully
'experiment' with such practices because there are so many possibilities for
error and so little is understood about underground resources."

He cautioned Georgians to carefully observe the effects in Florida and be
"extremely cautious" about drawing comparisons that aren't justified.

"Advocates here who oppose aquifer injection should share their concerns with
colleagues in Florida -- including specifying explicit criteria for monitoring
any experimental use of the method, then analyzing and accurately reporting
results," Kyler said.

But others, like Jim Reichard, professor of geology at Georgia Southern
University, say projects in Florida may not have much impact in Coastal Georgia.

"Any effects on the Floridan aquifer would be more localized in the area in
which it's taking place," he said. "However, there could possibly be some impact
across the border with Jacksonville depending on the placement of the injection
wells."

The biggest risk to Georgians is when highly oxygenated surface water is
injected in the oxygen-poor environment of the aquifer, causing chemical
reactions with minerals in the aquifer that release arsenic, Reichard said.

He questioned the effectiveness of trying to replenish the aquifer with
groundwater.

"Yes, in some cases you can inject/store water from a different aquifer rather
than injecting treated surface water," he said. "However, here you're spending
energy/money to simply move water from one aquifer to another, hence you're
really not adding new groundwater supply."

There are better ways to address the growing need for a source of fresh water,
he said.

"I'd prefer that they bank/store the water in a deeper, saline aquifer as
opposed to our primary water supply source," he said. "If an unforeseen problem
occurs, having it occur in a saline or non-drinking water source is obviously
better than in a pristine aquifer like the Upper Floridan."

Reporter Gordon Jackson writes about Camden County and other local topics.
Contact him at gjackson@thebrunswicknews.com, on Facebook or at 464-7655.

___ (c)2015 The Brunswick News (Brunswick, Ga.) Visit The Brunswick News
(Brunswick, Ga.) at www.thebrunswicknews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150706-GE-Floridan-aquifer-concerns-could-affect
-Coastal-Georgia-0706-20150706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                       Copyright 2015 The Brunswick News


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Dying rural hospitals affect most vulnerable

BYLINE: Coshandra Dillard, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1491 words


Feb. 15--When a county is without a hospital, that has lasting effects on the
most vulnerable residents. Upshur County has experienced it before, as health
care systems have struggled to maintain a hospital there.

East Texas Medical Center Gilmer joins several other hospitals around the
country closing primarily because of declining reimbursement rates from Medicare
and Medicaid.

Since January 2010, at least 43 rural hospitals have closed across the country,
according to the North Carolina Rural Health Research Program.

"I think you'd find that most small cities don't have hospitals anymore," said
Jeff Ellington, Gilmer city manager. "There was a time when it was pretty
common, but it's becoming less and less common."

In October, the hospital ceased its inpatient care. By December, officials
closed the emergency department, laboratory and imaging services. Most recently,
ETMC First Physicians Clinic closed. Four of the clinic's providers went to
nearby facilities, including ETMC hospitals in Quitman and Pittsburg, both
deemed critical access hospitals.

"The problem with rural areas is you don't have the population density to create
the demand," said Steve Dean, a Gilmer resident involved with economic
development efforts. "What a hospital needs to survive is a very large customer
base of middle-aged people or younger who are well insured."

Gilmer is Upshur County's largest city, with a population of more than 5,000.
There are many in the bedroom community who are aging, on Medicare or uninsured
-- challenging factors that can cut into a hospital's financial viability.

It doesn't help that the population ranks low for health behaviors, according to
the County Health Rankings -- an annual project of the University of Wisconsin's
Population Health Institute and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

It ranks 231 out of the 232 rated counties because of a high adult smoking rate,
a high adult obesity rate at 31 percent, among other measures.

ETMC EMS had also planned to pull their ambulance services, but city officials
fought to keep it there. They've worked with a service in Camp County, which
will take over ETMC EMS' contract through 2018 and will be housed in a new
facility already under construction. Of all of the services that closed with the
hospital, potentially ending an ambulance service was most troubling for
residents there.

"That transition has been made on paper," Ellington said. "ETMC is still the
ambulance service and the changeover to Camp County EMS is going to be at the
end of this month, on or about March 1."

Dean has worked with the city's economic development corporation as a member of
the Gilmer Industrial Foundation, a private group that promotes business.

He called a meeting with the group upon news that ETMC would close the location
to offer support in finding solutions.

"I wish they'd find a way to come back," he said.

In the 1980s and 1990s, rural hospitals were financially stressed and 460
closed, research analysis shows. Of the hospitals, 35 percent were in rural
areas. Nineteen hospitals would later reopen as acute care hospitals.

Rural hospitals were more likely than larger hospitals to receive Medicare
payments under the prospective payment system that were less than the costs
associated with treating Medicare patients.

As a response, the federal government modified the system so that rural
hospitals would get more funds. Today, rural hospitals face the struggle again.
Since 2013, at least 24 rural hospitals have closed.

The Affordable Care Act was designed to provide more access to health care,
helping rural hospitals stay afloat. However, new penalties for
performance-based measures, such as re-admission rates, stifled already strapped
hospitals.

ETMC Gilmer had a loss of more than $2 million in fiscal year 2014, according to
Perry Henderson, senior vice president of affiliate operations.

Beginning in fiscal year 2014, there are also fewer funds allotted for indigent
care, or disproportionate-share hospital payments, which were based on the
premise that more people would be insured through the ACA. However, states such
as Texas that chose not to expand Medicaid suffer the most. Of the 15 states
where these hospitals have closed since 2013, 10 did not expand Medicaid.

In Upshur County, about 15.8 percent live below the federal poverty line and 25
percent of children live in poverty. Seniors are vulnerable, too.

Nadine Southerland, 74, is worried because she is prone to falls.

"It's a shame they couldn't keep it open," she said.

When Al and Doris Szameit, moved to Gilmer five months ago, they didn't imagine
they'd live in a community without a hospital. They moved there because of the
proximity of the hospital to their senior living complex. Szameit, 83, feels
it's a strange twist of fate.

"This is the third community we've moved to where the hospital closed," he said,
noting that they left Brady and Llano after hospitals closed there.

"The reason we want to be near a hospital is I had quadruple bypass heart
surgery and I came out of it in very good shape," Szameit said. "But the doctor
said you really should be near a good hospital facility just in case something
goes wrong."

He said he's lived in large cities around the country but he and his wife wanted
to retire in a quiet town. Even with a clean bill of health, there is still an
uncertainly.

"So, now we're frustrated to tears because there's no hospital and Pittsburg is
the closest," he said. "It is a good hospital but that's 13, 14 miles away."

Since Szameit left Brady, he'd learned that another hospital was built, but he
can't handle another move.

"If we had known that we would have stayed there," he said. "I'm not moving no
more. Moving gets harder."

Sherry Wadlington, 45, of Avinger, is uninsured with little income. In Marion
County where she lives, there is no hospital and only one clinic. Most clinics
and hospitals nearest her are a 20- to 45-minute drive.

She visited the Gilmer hospital frequently because she has upper respiratory
problems. She previously sought primary care in Ore City, which has one
physician in private practice and is closer to her Mims community. However,
since she's uninsured and paying cash, her medical bills piled up. Today, she
pays what she can as set by her Gilmer doctor's sliding scale.

She's not surprised by the hospital closure but will miss the care there. Like
many who are uninsured, it was often an alternative to primary care.

"I went to Gilmer because it was usually quicker and closer," she said. "You
could get in and out easier. When you're broke, it's easier just to go on and
go."

Even with help through indigent care funds, her emergency room visits still
reached the thousands.

She now goes to Good Shepherd Medical Center for emergencies but notes that it's
a challenge to travel between Gilmer and Longview.

"All of my prescriptions are filled in Gilmer, so having to run back and forth
is a hassle," she said.

Her physician is associated with Wellness Pointe, a group that offers medical
and dental services in Longview, Kilgore and Gilmer. It's seen an increase in
the patient load since the hospital closing. They've also seen more patients
presenting with emergencies.

Jeff Brown, director of business development with Wellness Pointe, said the
group is considering adding services for minor emergencies.

The first major effort to bring a hospital to the county was with the
Ragland-Fenlaw- Ford Clinic Hospital in 1933. It closed in 1981 and for the next
two decades, Baylor Health Care System and Columbia/HCA (now Hospital
Corporation of America) both operated the hospital but both struggled to keep it
open. During the closings, local doctors had no choice but to send patients to
Longview or Tyler hospitals.

"Relationships were created with the Longview and Tyler health care community
and the customers basically left Upshur County and went that way," Dean said.

Before it closed its doors recently, the hospital averaged about two to four
patients per day. ETMC officials have said less than 10 percent of the
hospitalizations in Upshur County were at the Gilmer hospital.

Dean said it's difficult to attract new industry to a county with no hospital.
Employers may have a hard time enticing potential employees.

"You show him the schools," he said. "You drive down through town and you see
the churches. You drive through the neighborhoods and you get a general feel for
the pride that may or may not be there in the town and then you drive by the
hospital. Oops, we don't have one."

Making a town attractive for health care systems to come in isn't an easy feat,
either.

"In larger cities, it's possible," Ellington said. "But in smaller cities it's
not practical. It's not to say we're not interested. We're not in the position
to go out and seek someone to come in."

___ (c)2015 Tyler Morning Telegraph (Tyler, Texas) Visit Tyler Morning Telegraph
(Tyler, Texas) at www.tylerpaper.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150215-TY-Dying-rural-hospitals-affect-most-vulnerable-20150215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2015 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

Oil prices will affect fringe areas most: Break-even mark lower in heart of
Bakken

BYLINE: Katherine Lymn, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 748 words


Dec. 24--Ben Chorn had a good vacation in Minnesota last month, making it to a
Vikings game, a hockey game in Duluth and getting engaged. But while he was
gone, the price of oil hit him personally.

"While on vacation, I got a call from someone who's covering for me and said,
'Hey your rig's being laid down,'" said Chorn, a lead well site geologist and
geosteering consultant for Sunburst Consulting.

He's had a slow month-and-a-half since then.

The oil price drop will impact fringe regions in the Bakken the most, experts
said, because the oil there costs more to extract.

"I think those areas will slow down, but we'll come back and we'll get them
again," said Kathy Neset, a geologist with Neset Consulting in Tioga.

Chorn said the rig he was meant to work on was pulled by a smaller operator and
was on the fringe of the Bakken in northern Divide County. There and in other
fringe areas of the Bakken, the "break-even point," or the wellhead price point
at which new drilling stops, is higher. North Dakota Department of Mineral
Resources data show the break-even point is at $73 in Divide County.

"We don't even have enough natural gas to have a gas flare, there's just not as
much up there," Chorn said.

The far north and east are the "first areas that start to go when prices drop,"
Chorn said.

But in McKenzie County, prices can get lower and operations won't change as
much, "because they can keep drilling and making money," he said.

With the Bakken shaped like a bowl, McKenzie County is the middle with the
thickest part of the formation. Oil in counties on the outside edges of the
formation is harder to get, so costs are higher, and that's where the oil price
drop is hitting hardest.

"Companies have to invest more to discover oil in those areas and they will
continue to work on them, they'll just hold off on those areas for the lower
prices and come back when the price returns," Neset said.

For already active wells to slow down or stop production, oil would have to drop
all the way to $15 a barrel at the wellhead, North Dakota Department of Mineral
Resources spokeswoman Alison Ritter said,

Ritter noted 156 of the 172 rigs operating as of Tuesday are already in the four
core oil counties -- Williams, Mountrail, McKenzie and Dunn -- with low
break-even points, which is likely to continue to be the case. The break-even
points range from $29 to $41 in the four core counties, with Dunn County at the
lowest. The DMR develops its break-even prices based on economic data from
operators each month.

The DMR expects a total drop of 30 to 40 rigs in beginning of 2015 if the price
of oil stays low, Ritter said.

Smaller operators with less money are more likely to pull rigs from the
oilfield, but the Bakken's biggest players are feeling the price drop, too.

Continental Resources, a leading Bakken producer, plans to decrease its rigs in
the region from the originally planned 19 to 11, according to a revised capital
budget announced Monday. CEO Harold Hamm said in a statement that the change
"prudently aligns" spending with the lower prices of oil.

Whiting Petroleum CEO James Volker told investors Monday the company wouldn't
release its 2015 guidance until February in an effort to wait out the unstable
prices. Marathon Oil announced last week its 2015 budget would be about 20
percent lower than this year's.

The scale of the Bakken and Three Forks formations will insulate North Dakota
somewhat from the downturn, Neset said.

"For the most part, you know, the oil companies, the operators, are trimming but
they're not pulling out," she said, "they're just slowing things down to make
good decisions with the markets."

And an end to the downturn may be in sight: An unexpectedly strong report on
U.S. economic growth raised oil prices Tuesday by supporting expectations of a
greater demand for crude, Reuters reported.

Also on Tuesday, Chorn got an email saying he'd be back at work soon.

He had started dipping into his savings, and looking for ways to cut expenses.
He had saved money in the past, knowing that price fluctuation was a part of the
oil industry. He added that's the way to weather it -- not by living
paycheck-to-paycheck.

"You can never be certain of what the market's gonna do," he said, "so you have
to plan on this stuff."

Lymn is a reporter for The Dickinson Press. Contact her at 701-456-1211.

___ (c)2014 Dickinson Press (Dickinson, N.D.) Visit the Dickinson Press
(Dickinson, N.D.) at www.thedickinsonpress.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141224-QX-Oil-prices-will-affect-fringe-areas-most-20141224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2014 The Dickinson Press


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 2, 2013 Saturday

Budget cuts will affect more than federal programs, regional officials say

BYLINE: David Falchek, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 657 words


March 02--The across-the-board federal budget cuts known as sequestration will
hurt everything from the local barbershop to the largest manufacturers in
Northeastern Pennsylvania, said a panel at U.S. Sen. Bob Casey's office Friday
in downtown Scranton.

With no deal between Congress and the White House in sight and just hours before
sequestration kicked in at midnight, the Democratic senator and a cross-section
of regional civic leaders struck a dire tone.

"We don't have a full sense of what will happen," Casey said. "If this goes a
day or week, it will have an impact. If it goes six months, the effect will be
devastating."

As the furloughs and cuts begins, sequestration will have an immediate impact
not just on the government employees, but on contractors as well, and also the
communities where they live and spend.

Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce president Austin Burke said as facilities
such as the Tobyhanna Army Depot and General Dynamics cut back purchasing and
pare down payroll, the pain will extend deep into the private sector.

Small Business Administration-backed funding will be slashed, denying an
important part of financing from small businesses, he said.

Defense-related facilities alone employ 3,600 in Lackawanna County and 10,000
through the region.

One of those is General Dynamics Land Systems in Archbald, which produces
suspensions and other components of the Abrams tanks and Stryker vehicles.
United Auto Workers Local 1191 President Ken Klinkel said even the possibility
of sequestration has already hurt the plant, which had been working for a year
for a shot at making additional components for the Pentagon. A long-awaited
visit from government officials was canceled recently because of
sequestration-related travel restriction on federal employees. The loss of U.S.
manufacturing capacity is worrisome, Klinkel said.

"This threatens our ability to make weapons we need to defend ourselves," he
said. "It threatens our facility's survival."

Casey dismissed the notion that sequestration should be allowed to happen,
calling the across-the-board cuts thoughtless and foolish because they cut all
programs -- including those that are efficient and deliver clear benefits to
society, such as the National Institutes for Health. He bristled at the notion
that the sequester forces businesslike discipline on government, saying that no
business person would blindly cut expenses, but rather carefully cut them.

The cop walking the beat may seem far away from Washington, D.C., but acting
Scranton Police Chief Charles Graziano said the federal government cuts will
hurt his department. Local police collaborate regularly with federal law
enforcement such as the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the U.S. Marshals. They are regular partners, sharing
information and even equipment. To the extent the work of those agencies is cut,
it will impair local police efforts, as well.

"We are always called upon to do more with less," he said. "But we risk losing
control of the criminal element."

Casey remains hopeful, calling sequestration a new chapter. Bipartisan talks
could solve both the sequester and the March 28 deadline for a resolution to
continue running the federal government. Such a solution would give lawmakers
some breathing room to tackle tax reform, which would lead to a simpler, fairer
tax system that provided new deficit-cutting revenue to the federal government.

"This is the best year to do tax reform," he said, adding "2013 gives us a
critical window."

Of the more than $2.5 trillion cut from the federal deficit, 70 percent was from
budget cuts and 30 percent from new revenue such as taxes. Casey said deficit
reduction should be split 50-50 between budget cuts and new revenue.

dfalchek@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2013 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130302-YC-Budget-cuts-will-affect
-more-than-federal-programs-regional-officials-say-0302-20130302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2013 The Citizens' Voice


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

How global warming could affect Erie

BYLINE: Doug Oathout, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


Dec. 14--One winter does not make a trend, but two?

Probably not, but it at least gives us pause to consider if those climate change
proponents might be right and what, if anything, that might mean to Erie's
economy.

We all can remember last winter, in which just 47.1 inches of snow fell at Erie
International Airport. So far this season, less than 4 inches has fallen, which
is also below normal.

Already local businesses are making adjustments -- the most notable being Peek'n
Peak Resort and Spa, which has twice delayed the opening of its ski center. It
is now shooting for this coming weekend.

In addition, we've heard that outdoor shops ordered less ice fishing equipment
after taking a hit a year ago when we never had an ice fishing season.

And snow plow drivers are still waiting.

The Natural Resources Defense Council last week released its new economic
analysis that detailed how the $12.2 billion winter tourism industry spread out
across 38 states has experienced an estimated $1 billion loss and up to 27,000
fewer jobs over the last decade due to diminished snowfall patterns and the
resulting changes in the outdoor habits of Americans.

The report, called "Climate Impacts on the Winter Tourism Economy in the United
States," warned that even tougher times could be in store for the industry
unless climate change is slowed, stopped and reversed.

The impact of less snow and fewer people on the slopes is already apparent
across the U.S., the report said. December 2011 through February 2012 was the
fourth-warmest winter on record since 1896 and had the third-lowest snow cover
since 1966, when satellites began tracking snow cover. About 50 percent of
responding ski areas in 2011 opened late and 48 percent closed early, with every
region experiencing a decrease in overall days of operation.

The snowmobiling industry -- which is entirely reliant upon natural snow -- has
had relatively flat registrations since 2000.

"In the many U.S. states that rely on winter tourism climate change is expected
to contribute to warmer winters, reduced snowfall, and shorter snow seasons,"
said Elizabeth Burakowski, researcher, University of New Hampshire and report
author. "This spells significant economic uncertainty for a winter sports
industry deeply dependent upon predictable, heavy snowfall."

But is this our future?

That's hard to say.

Sure, we had an unusually light winter last year, which makes some of us believe
that will be the case again this year.

But keep in mind that three our top five snowiest winters have occurred in the
past 13 years.

Anything can happen and it is probably too soon to make long-term bets based on
limited information.

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121214-EI-How-global-warming-could-affect-Erie-1214-20121214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

Trout fishing changes affect four Erie County sites

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 278 words


Oct. 02--The Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission voted to eliminate the Early
Season Trout Stocked Waters Program that included four waters in Erie County and
others in Mercer, Venango and Warren counties.

At their quarterly meeting today in Pittsburgh, commissioners approved a notice
of proposed rule-making to eliminate the 45-waterway program that offered trout
fishing in March. Those waters now will be designated as Approved Trout Waters
Open to Year-Round Fishing.

Affected waters include the East and West basin ponds at Presque Isle State
Park, Lake Pleasant and Upper Gravel Pit, as well as the Shenango River
tailwaters, Two Mile Run Reservoir and Chapman Dam Reservoir.

The commission said the change means it will stock trout more efficiently and
closer to opening day on streams that have been found to have trout residency
problems, and simplify trout regulations by eliminating a special-regulation
program.

The commission also announced it will launch a mentored youth pilot program in
2013. Anglers under 16 will register for the program and join a licensed mentor
to fish select stocked waters the Saturday before the 18-county Southeast Region
opener March 30. Each person will be allowed to keep a combined species total of
two fish.

The list of waters and information including how to register are expected to be
finalized by early January.

The commission said the program will generate excitement with children and their
parents, ultimately drawing more participants to the sport and increasing
license sales.

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121002-EI-Trout-fishing-changes-affect
-four-Erie-County-sites-1002-20121002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

Duluth parks vote affects more than recreation

BYLINE: Peter Passi, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1202 words


Nov. 06--Voters in Duluth will decide Tuesday whether they value city parks and
recreational programs enough to reach into their pockets and pay more in
property taxes.

If passed, a proposed parks referendum would raise local property taxes by $2.6
million. For the owner of an average-priced home, worth $158,100, this would
boost the bill by just under $5 per month, about $60 annually.

Proceeds from the levy would go into a dedicated fund earmarked to improve and
maintain local parks and to provide recreational programming. Mayor Don Ness has
pledged to earmark $250,000 of the money to support organizations that offer
after-school and summer programs for young people.

"The question is: Do we pay for these services or go without them?" said Duluth
Mayor Don Ness. "We don't have the option of any more accounting tricks or
gimmicks."

In the face of continued state funding cuts, Duluth has reduced its parks and
recreation department budget steadily since 2003, shrinking annual spending from
$2.5 million to $800,000 today.

Ness noted that the city of Rochester, Minn., spends more than $14 million per
year on parks and recreation.

At Large City Councilor Jim Stauber said he values city parks but worries about
adding to anyone's financial burden during these difficult economic times.

"This doesn't seem to be the year to hike property taxes by double digits," he
said. "A lot of Duluthians are struggling, and we don't want businesses or
residents to pack up and move out. I certainly don't want to see any more
foreclosures, either."

Stauber pointed out that homeowners and other property owners already are facing
a significant tax increase during 2012, due to the Minnesota Legislature's
elimination of the Homestead Tax Credit.

State compensation related to that credit was to pump $1.17 million into
Duluth's coffers this year. The disappearing credit payment represented 6.6
percent of Duluth's $17.8 million budget this year.

Ness said he believes Duluthians are weighing the pros and cons of establishing
a dedicated parks fund.

"People love their parks, but they also have legitimate concerns about their
property taxes and other incremental costs," he said, explaining that's why
voters should decide the issue.

To put the parks and recreation referendum in perspective, if passed, it would
amount to a 14.6 percent increase in the amount of property tax the city now
collects.

But in terms of your total tax bill, the referendum would amount to about a 3.2
percent increase.

The new parks levy would be on top of a 1.3 percent bump in property taxes
already built into the 2012 city budget to cover all operations plus the
financing for a new law enforcement center. For the owner of an average priced
home, worth $158,100, city property taxes already are poised to grow by $23 in
2012, regardless of what happens with the parks and recreation referendum.

School levy proposals also may drive up local property taxes, depending on how
voters cast their ballots Tuesday.

Stauber hopes voters realize the implications of their vote Tuesday.

"Some folks seem to think this is a one-time referendum," he said. "A lot of
people don't realize this levy would be forever."

Ness said creating a dedicated fund with its own defined funding stream would
provide a stable base the city can use to invest in parks and programming. And
that money could not be diverted for other uses.

Library link

Although the referendum on Tuesday's ballot applies solely to funding for
Duluth's parks and recreation programs, it also could have big implications for
the city's library system.

The current budget calls for the closing of two branch libraries in Mount Royal
and West Duluth, which would leave the city with only its main downtown library
in 2012.

But Ness has pledged publicly that if voters approve the parks referendum he
will use money freed up in the city's general fund to not only keep the branch
libraries open but to expand their hours of operation from three to five days
per week.

He said about $500,000 of the $800,000 formerly budgeted for parks would go to
the library system, and the remaining $300,000 would go to cover the city's
health-care costs, which are poised to rise in 2012.

While the mayor has his own plans for the money, Stauber said it's the City
Council that ultimately approves a budget.

"I think it's disingenuous to assume the council will approve funding for the
libraries if this passes," Stauber said.

He suggested some councilors may prefer to see the freed-up money used to pay
for other core city services, such as public safety.

"A whole bunch of people think the libraries will be able to stay open if this
referendum passes, when in reality, we have no idea how the money will be spent.
That's a council decision," he said.

But City Council President Sharla Gardner said she believes voters can be
confident that the mayor's promise regarding libraries will be kept if voters
pass the parks referendum.

"I'm convinced the majority of people on the council are committed to make sure
library hours are extended," she said.

The 2012 final budget will be approved in December by sitting members of the
City Council, before any newly elected councilors are appointed.

Community benefits

If residents decide to support the parks and recreation referendum, Ness
predicts multiple benefits, in terms of public safety, economic development and
overall quality of life.

The Boys and Girls Club of Duluth would be one of the groups to receive
increased funding at a critical juncture.

"As we face difficult economic times, the need for services continues to grow,"
said Todd Johnson, the club's chief professional officer. "This would provide an
opportunity for us to provide support for more kids at a time when we're facing
cuts from other funding sources."

The Boys and Girls Club is serving an ever-broader cross-section of the
community, Johnson said.

"We're seeing more and more middle-class kids, as parents are forced to work
longer hours and sometimes more than one job to make ends meet," he said.

Ness said the services organizations such as the Boys and Girls Club provide
help make the community safer.

"Kids with too much time on their hands can get into trouble and fall in with
the wrong crowd," Ness said. "I think this is about our responsibility to kids."

Johnson agreed.

"It benefits the entire community when kids get involved with us," Johnson said.
"We provide a safe, positive place where young people will find good adult role
models."

By partnering with organizations such as the Boys and Girls Club, instead of
hiring new city recreational staff, Ness believes the Duluth can stretch its
money further.

Ness contends investing Duluth's neglected parks also could help the city grow.

"I do think our parks, trails and green space are one of the primary reasons
people choose to live in Duluth. Our success with economic development and
growing our population will be based in large part on that competitive
advantage," he said. "The question is: Do we want to enhance this advantage or
are we satisfied with the status quo?"

___ (c)2011 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111106-DU-Duluth-parks-vote-affects-more-than-recreation-1106-20111106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2011 Duluth News-Tribune


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 9, 2011 Thursday

Downtown volunteer plan could affect city woman

BYLINE: Kristin Harty Barkley, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 780 words


June 09--CUMBERLAND -- There was an elephant in the room at Tuesday night's City
Council meeting.

Everybody agreed that it sounded like a good idea to place volunteers at the
Heritage Parklet to greet visitors and invite them into the downtown district to
shop and sightsee.

One-by-one, council members said they were excited about the Downtown Cumberland
Business Association's plan to lease the parklet from the city to create an
"outdoor welcome center."

Nobody mentioned Cathy.

"I deliberately didn't bring it up because it's an emotional issue," Downtown
Manager Ed Mullaney said, referring to the fact that a city woman has been
living outdoors at the parklet for the better part of the past decade.

Cathy Coughenour, known simply as "Cathy" by those who frequent the downtown
area, sleeps on a bed of blankets underneath an overhang at the parklet, located
at Canal and Baltimore streets. During the day, she can be seen walking the
streets and sidewalks, wrapped in blankets in the wintertime, wearing shorts and
a tank top in the summer.

Her presence at the parklet has stirred controversy in the past -- she has been
jailed and fined several times for violating the city's no-camping ordinance --
but she chooses to remain there, considering herself not homeless, but
"residence-free."

Though Coughenour is aware of plans for the parklet, no one from the DCBA or
city has approached her about moving, she said Thursday.

Soon, someone likely will.

"We looked to find the most appropriate space to do this, and that space is it,"
Mullaney said.

Located near the Western Maryland Railway Station and the Great Allegheny
Passage, the parklet is just beyond the edge of the downtown pedestrian mall.
Thousands of tourists pass through each year, he said.

"I know Cathy has resided there and been there quite a while," Mullaney said.
"...Cathy, she's a friend of mine. I know she won't be happy with us going in
there, but it's a situation we'll have to deal with."

At Tuesday's meeting, city attorney Mike Cohen said the DCBA needs to address
several legal issues before a lease agreement can be drawn up, including
attaining liability insurance.

During an executive session prior to the public meeting, the mayor and council
discussed legal issues around the no-camping ordinance, but that discussion
didn't carry over into the public session.

Approved in 2005, the no-camping ordinance prohibits sleeping outdoors or
camping between 11 p.m. and 8:30 a.m. unless in a permitted area.

In 2009, the mayor and council approved a supplementary ordinance that increased
the penalties for violators to a maximum of 90 days in jail. Coughenour served
30 days in jail in April 2009.

Though mum about Coughenour at Tuesday's meeting, several council members, when
contacted Thursday, acknowledged that her presence at the site could be a
problem. They didn't want to say much else.

"We have some details to work out," said Councilwoman Mary Beth Pirolozzi,
adding that a public hearing will take place prior to a vote.

"We're happy to hear from people along the way," Pirolozzi said, adding that
she's excited about the DCBA's welcome center idea. Officially called the
"Heritage Parklet," the site is also known as the mural parklet because of a
mural painted there.

"I have always felt that is a prime area to welcome people and tell them about
what's available, what's happening," Pirolozzi said. "It is a beautiful mural on
that building. I want everyone -- our locals as well as visitors -- to be able
to enjoy that."

Councilman Nick Scarpelli called the discussion a "sensitive area," adding that
"we take seriously everyone's constitutional rights."

Coughenour said she doesn't plan to move.

"The lease isn't about a welcome center; it's about excluding residents,"
Coughenour said Thursday. "They don't need a lease to set up a kiosk and welcome
people."

Mayor Brian Grim said the idea to greet visitors at the site was generated by
area business people who are genuinely interested in enhancing tourism here.

"My sense is not that Ms. Coughenour's presence is the driving force behind it,"
said Grim, adding that "there is unanimous consensus to move forward."

"The parklet idea is something that's new to us," Grim said. "It was developed
by the DCBA. It's not something that the city came up with."

Contact Kristin Harty Barkley at kbarkley@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Cumberland Times-News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110609-UM-Downtown-volunteer-plan-could-affect
-city-woman-0609-20110609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2011 Cumberland Times-News


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday

New IRS rule affects domestic partners

BYLINE: Jondi Gumz, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


March 27--SANTA CRUZ -- With the deadline to file tax returns less than a month
away, a new IRS rule for registered domestic partners is catching hundreds of
people by surprise.

The Internal Revenue Service is requiring registered domestic partners and
legally married same-sex partners to file community property tax returns for
2010.

It's possible for those individuals to amend their returns for 2007 through
2009, but the deadline to revise the 2007 return is April 18.

For some taxpayers, depending on their earnings, it could mean a significant
refund compared to the way they have filed in the past.

This week, state Board of Equalization member Betty Yee announced a free webinar
6-7:30 p.m. Monday to help taxpayers understand the requirements. By 4 p.m.
Thursday, 908 people had registered. The limit is 1,000.

"There seems to be a lot of interest," said Maria Delgado on Yee's staff, noting
she has heard of one potential refund of $23,000.

Delgado said the request for the seminar came from San Francisco attorney Deb
Kinney.

She will be one of the speakers at the webinar, along with Steve Sims and Pat
Kusiak from the Franchise Tax Board, certified public accountant Chris Kollaja
and tax practitioner Karen Stogdill.

Kinney brought the problem to Yee's office in February."They're doing us a big
favor," Kinney said. "They could reach people we couldn't."

Though the IRS ruling was issued late in May 2010, there has been

confusion about proper filing procedures.

When Soquel tax practitioner Cynthia Leachmoore asked the IRS, officials
directed her to Publication 17, which states on page 5: "A registered domestic
partner in California, Nevada or Washington must report half the combined income
earned by the individual and his or her domestic partner."

However, as of late January, Publication 555, which covers community property,
had not been updated.

"An incorrect federal filing will have potentially negative consequences," said
Leachmoore, who suggested the IRS post an taxpayer alert on its website,
referring them to Publication 17.

"The wrong information was given out for months," said Kinney, whose law office
sponsors frequent educational seminars.

She said tax software programs haven't been updated with the ruling for
registered domestic partners.

"We can't do filing jointly,'"â[#x20ac]° " she said. "We just don't fit."

She said she knows of one tax preparation firm concentrating on filing
amendments for 2007 returns by April 18 and filing extensions for 2010.

Even TurboTax recommends getting a tax professional or seeking an extension
unless the couple are 50/50 partners, have income only from W-2 forms and do not
itemize deductions.

The company explained on its website that there was not enough time to
incorporate all the IRS guidance into TurboTax and test it.

Those who request an extension to file still must pay federal or state taxes by
April 18. An extension allows additional time to file, but does not extend the
time to pay.

To see more of The Santa Cruz Sentinel or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.santacruzsentinel.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Santa Cruz Sentinel,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110327-QC-New-IRS-rule-affects-domestic-partners-0327-20110327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2011 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

U-46 educators hear how to help students with stress

BYLINE: By Madhu Krishnamurthy mkrishnamurthy@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 546 words


"It's not rocket science; it's brain science," said Marjorie Fujara, a
pediatrician at Stroger Hospital in Chicago and child abuse specialist, speaking
about how "toxic stress" affects children's brains.

Fujara addressed a crowd of Elgin Area School District U-46 parents, teachers,
administrators and community members Wednesday at Larkin High School. Experts
discussed how to help students cope with the traumas that affect learning after
the airing of "Paper Tigers," a 90-minute documentary on the topic.

Poverty, poor living conditions, violence or substance abuse in the home, and
other social dangers cause children to be in a constant state of "fight, flight
or freeze," Fujara said.

Children struggling with adverse childhood experiences often have behavioral,
social and emotional issues that could lead to problems later on in life, she
said.

"The outcomes aren't that surprising," she said.

Yet, communities often don't address the causes but rather focus on dealing with
the symptoms, experts say.

For that reason, the Illinois Education Association and the Illinois Chapter of
the American Academy of Pediatrics are urging schools statewide to partner with
their communities to create trauma-informed learning environments.

"We are trying to bring awareness and education around what is happening with
children that actually affects their ability to learn," said Audrey Soglin,
Illinois Education Association executive director. "We are not saying these kids
cannot learn. We're saying we need to pay them the attention and give them the
support to help them learn. Dealing with those experiences early, we have an
opportunity to break that cycle."

A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention study on adverse childhood
experiences determined "toxic stress" negatively affects the brain and learning,
which can translate into health problems as adults.

"We are constantly seeing kids come in and out of our offices at the high
schools,"said Mike Grondin, U-46 social worker and a leader with the Fox River
Valley Initiative. "It's not just one defining event. It's just an ongoing event
that continues to happen and they don't bounce back at all, because they don't
have the support to bounce back. We have to find a way to reach them so they can
be successful."

Adrienne McCauley, organizer for the Fox River Valley Initiative, said 70
percent of women in prisons have suffered adverse childhood experiences, and 30
percent of prisoners have mental health issues.

Early detection of such problems can help divert people in the long term from a
life of crime and prison, McCauley said, adding the key is having enough
community support and organizations willing to work together to address these
issues.

Training teachers on building resiliency is the next step, said Kathryn Castle,
Elgin Teachers Association spokeswoman.

"Our teachers are facing a lot of the same reactions to stress on a daily
basis," Castle said. "We're starting with the research ... conversation ...
trying to understand it before we fix it."

Teachers at Abbott Middle School in Elgin have volunteered for the training,
which will take place in January.

"We may open it up to the entire district," Castle said. "Professional
development for our teachers comes first, but we have to bring the community
in."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Madhu Krishnamurthy/mkrishnamurthy@dailyherald.com Mike Grondin, a
social worker at Elgin Area School District U-46, and Audrey Soglin, executive
director of the Illinois Education Association, discuss how stresses can affect
students Wednesday at Larkin High School. Madhu
Krishnamurthy/mkrishnamurthy@dailyherald.com Mike Grondin, a social worker at
Elgin Area School District U-46, and Audrey Soglin, executive director of the
Illinois Education Association, discuss how stresses can affect students'
learning Wednesday at Larkin High School. Mike Grondin, a social worker at Elgin
Area School District U-46, and Audrey Soglin, executive director of the Illinois
Education Association, discuss how stresses can affect students Wednesday at
Larkin High School.Madhu Krishnamurthy/mkrishnamurthy@dailyherald.com Larkin
High School Principal Jon Tuin asks a panel of experts Wednesday about dealing
with student stresses. Madhu Krishnamurthy/mkrishnamurthy@dailyherald.com Larkin
High School Principal Jon Tuin asks a panel of experts Wednesday about dealing
with student stresses.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             January 6, 2008 Sunday
                                  East Edition

PLAYERS READY FOR COOLER WEATHER

BYLINE: DAVE THEALL

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 612 words


It's hard to say whether the low temperatures this weekend will affect the
players in the 82nd annual New Year's Invitational tournament at St. Petersburg
Country Club.

Tournament veteran Mike Barbosa, who finished eighth last year with scores of
71-71-68-72 for a final 6-under 282, doesn't think the weather will affect the
outcome.

"Sure, it will be windy and chilly this weekend, but most of the top players
have dealt with that before," said Barbosa, who graduated from Georgia Tech in
2006 and competed with his team for an NCAA title every year he was there. "The
weather will affect the scores but equally, for the most part.

"Some players do better in cold weather; it doesn't necessarily change the
challenge of the tournament. Certainly, someone will figure it out."

Barbosa, who won the Cardinal (N.C.) Invitational in 2005, said playing in
northwest Georgia for four years gave him considerable experience in cold
weather. But more importantly, he has only played in four tournaments since
August, when he entered Stetson School of Law.

"I've still practiced a lot, mostly chipping and putting, but I don't have the
time now to play full rounds," said Barbosa, who turns 25 on Monday. "Those
practice sessions have helped keep my skills up.

"I'm confident I can still be competitive in this prestigious tournament, which
has become stronger over the past five or six years with more college players.
They love the opportunity to come south in January to play on an excellent
course where they will be treated well in a laid-back atmosphere with great
hospitality at St. Petersburg Country Club."

Barbosa was hesitant to predict a winner, since nine of the past 10 tournament
winners were college stars who went on to play professionally. However, he's
aware of one precocious teenager who has already made his mark on the national
junior scene.

That is Peter Uihlein of Bradenton, who has twice won the American junior golfer
of the year award.

Last year, Uihlein, 18, opened with a 67, one stroke behind Jonathan Mount of
Tennessee. However, the David Leadbetter Academy product followed up with a
bogey-less 66 for 9-under 135 and a narrow lead over Major Manning of Augusta
State, the eventual winner at 15-under 273.

Jeff Klauk of Ponta Vedra and Florida Southern set the tournament record of
21-under 267 in 2000. He turned pro later that year.

The other recent winners who have moved on to professional success in recent
years include: University of Florida graduate Steve Scott (1999); Chamberlain
High's Akio Sadakata (2001); University of Kentucky's John Holmes (2003);
University of Indiana's Jeff Overton (2004-05); Vanderbilt's Luke List (2006);
and Manning (2007).

John Corzilius of Nokomis, who won in 2002, is the last winner who hasn't turned
pro. But he has something none of the other recent winners have: He has three
championship trophies. He also won the event in 1993 and 1997.

All-time tournament leader Buddy Alexander, who grew up on the course when it
was called Lakewood Country Club, has won the tournament six times, most
recently in 1991. Alexander, the men's golf coach at the University of Florida,
also has a U.S. Amateur title among his credits; he won in 1986 at Shoal Creek,
Alabama, defeating Chris Kite, 4 and 3, in the final.

This year's field includes 10 players with handicaps of plus-4. They are Scott
Yow and Matthew Galloway, U. of West Florida; Tyler Brown, UF; Ransom Hare,
Richland College; Mike Jensen, Cal Berkeley; Alex Martin, Indiana; Phil Pettitt,
Tennessee; Kyle Stough, Virginia; and Andy Winings and Ben Fuqua, Kentucky.

On Sunday morning at 9:30, they will tee off in a shotgun format from the back
tees at 6,718 yards.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            January 5, 2008 Saturday

PLAYERS READY FOR COOLER WEATHER

BYLINE: DAVE THEALL

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 612 words


It's hard to say whether the low temperatures this weekend will affect the
players in the 82nd annual New Year's Invitational tournament at St. Petersburg
Country Club.

Tournament veteran Mike Barbosa, who finished eighth last year with scores of
71-71-68-72 for a final 6-under 282, doesn't think the weather will affect the
outcome.

"Sure, it will be windy and chilly this weekend, but most of the top players
have dealt with that before," said Barbosa, who graduated from Georgia Tech in
2006 and competed with his team for an NCAA title every year he was there. "The
weather will affect the scores but equally, for the most part.

"Some players do better in cold weather; it doesn't necessarily change the
challenge of the tournament. Certainly, someone will figure it out."

Barbosa, who won the Cardinal (N.C.) Invitational in 2005, said playing in
northwest Georgia for four years gave him considerable experience in cold
weather. But more importantly, he has only played in four tournaments since
August, when he entered Stetson School of Law.

"I've still practiced a lot, mostly chipping and putting, but I don't have the
time now to play full rounds," said Barbosa, who turns 25 on Monday. "Those
practice sessions have helped keep my skills up.

"I'm confident I can still be competitive in this prestigious tournament, which
has become stronger over the past five or six years with more college players.
They love the opportunity to come south in January to play on an excellent
course where they will be treated well in a laid-back atmosphere with great
hospitality at St. Petersburg Country Club."

Barbosa was hesitant to predict a winner, since nine of the past 10 tournament
winners were college stars who went on to play professionally. However, he's
aware of one precocious teenager who has already made his mark on the national
junior scene.

That is Peter Uihlein of Bradenton, who has twice won the American junior golfer
of the year award.

Last year, Uihlein, 18, opened with a 67, one stroke behind Jonathan Mount of
Tennessee. However, the David Leadbetter Academy product followed up with a
bogey-less 66 for 9-under 135 and a narrow lead over Major Manning of Augusta
State, the eventual winner at 15-under 273.

Jeff Klauk of Ponta Vedra and Florida Southern set the tournament record of
21-under 267 in 2000. He turned pro later that year.

The other recent winners who have moved on to professional success in recent
years include: University of Florida graduate Steve Scott (1999); Chamberlain
High's Akio Sadakata (2001); University of Kentucky's John Holmes (2003);
University of Indiana's Jeff Overton (2004-05); Vanderbilt's Luke List (2006);
and Manning (2007).

John Corzilius of Nokomis, who won in 2002, is the last winner who hasn't turned
pro. But he has something none of the other recent winners have: He has three
championship trophies. He also won the event in 1993 and 1997.

All-time tournament leader Buddy Alexander, who grew up on the course when it
was called Lakewood Country Club, has won the tournament six times, most
recently in 1991. Alexander, the men's golf coach at the University of Florida,
also has a U.S. Amateur title among his credits; he won in 1986 at Shoal Creek,
Alabama, defeating Chris Kite, 4 and 3, in the final.

This year's field includes 10 players with handicaps of plus-4. They are Scott
Yow and Matthew Galloway, U. of West Florida; Tyler Brown, UF; Ransom Hare,
Richland College; Mike Jensen, Cal Berkeley; Alex Martin, Indiana; Phil Pettitt,
Tennessee; Kyle Stough, Virginia; and Andy Winings and Ben Fuqua, Kentucky.

On Sunday morning at 9:30, they will tee off in a shotgun format from the back
tees at 6,718 yards.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                 August 9, 2000

JONATHAN'S DILEMMA OVER FAMILY ILLNESS

LENGTH: 236 words


from back page of an emotional time after his mother-in-law had been taken ill.

Edwards sparked his season into life by winning the Norwich Union British Grand
Prix at Crystal Palace on Saturday. He competes at the Golden League in Zurich
on Friday and then at the AAA trials in Birmingham on Sunday.

He said: "Alison's mum is starting to regress again, so the whole scenario is
almost back to where it was a year ago.

"We are hoping and praying her mum does not get to the last stages of her cancer
just as I step on to the plane to Sydney. That is a challenge we may yet have to
face.

"We really don't know, the doctors don't know. She could go on for six months.
It affects the family, it affects Alison more deeply than it affects me, it is a
battle we have had for two years."

His in-laws live in Edinburgh and deeply religious Edwards said: "In one sense
it is not worth worrying about because you don't know what is going to happen
and we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.

"God knows the situation. I feel a much greater sense of being able to cope with
what happens because God can give me the strength."

Edwards, 34, won silver at the Olympics in Atlanta four years ago after having
stunned the sport a year earlier by breaking the world record three times and
winning the world title.He has been struggling recently, but looked more like
his old self at Crystal Palace.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2000 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           February 16, 1995 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Campaign funding may affect landfill

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 351 words


COLUMBIA, S.C. -- The company that operates a nuclear waste landfill near
Barnwell made campaign donations to many of the lawmakers who now are discussing
whether to keep the landfill open past the end of the year.

Chem-Nuclear Systems Inc. also gave $10,500 to Republican Gov. David Beasley's
successful campaign last year.

The company also donated to several House leaders, including members of the Ways
and Means Committee who are considering whether to extend the closing date for
the low-level nuclear waste landfill, The (Columbia) State reported.

Beasley said he had not ruled out keeping the landfill open past its scheduled
Dec. 31 closing. But his spokeswoman said Beasley did not want to use the
landfill's disposal fees to pay for property tax cuts, as some lawmakers want to
do.

Ginny Wolfe, the governor's press secretary, said Chem-Nuclear contributions did
not influence Beasley's thinking.

``Gov. Beasley had four to five thousand contributions. He raised almost $3.5
million. To say that he can't make a decision that affects a contributor would
be to say that he can't make any decision that affects anybody in South
Carolina,'' she said Wednesday.

Chem-Nuclear officials have said keeping the landfill open could raise $100
million for the state in disposal fees if it again can take waste from around
the nation. The landfill currently only accepts waste from eight Southeast
states and eventually is supposed to be replaced by a disposal site in North
Carolina.

House budget writers are about $100 million short of the $200 million that
Beasley would like to devote to property tax relief.

``It looks like we need it more and more,'' state Rep. Larry Koon, R-Lexington,
said of the Barnwell money.

Many of those who received donations last year voted before to keep the facility
open. They include Beasley, who as a House member voted in 1992 to keep the
landfill open past a closing date that was scheduled for that December.

Of the 25-member Ways and Means Committee, 10 have voted before to extend the
life of the facility. Seven have opposed keeping the landfill open or say they
will this time.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1995 The Durham Herald Co.


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                       First Horizon National Corporation

                               165 Madison Avenue
                               Memphis,  TN 38103
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


First Horizon is one of the leading banking holding companies in the US.
Increase in total deposits, strong capital adequacy and broad product and
services portfolio are its key strengths, even as weak bottom-line performance
and overdependence on the Regional Banking division remain major areas of
concern. Going forward, changing regulations, fluctuations in interest rates,
and increase in compliance cost may affect its business operations. However,
positive outlook for the US card payments channel, growing economy in the US and
strategic initiatives may present ample growth opportunities to the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


INCREASE IN TOTAL DEPOSITS


Increase in total deposits of the company reflects strong customer sentiments
and better returns on cash deposits. First Horizon has exhibited increase in its
total deposits during FY2015. The company reported total deposits of US$19,967.5
million during FY2015, compared to US$18,068.9 million in FY2014, representing
an annual increase of 10.5%. Such increase in total deposits strengthens the
company's financial position and expands its lending capabilities.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICES PORTFOLIO


First Horizon's broad product and services portfolio help it serve its
diversified customer base. The company offers a wide range of banking and other
financial products and services to its customers. The product portfolio of the
company includes home loans, personal loans, commercial loans, mortgage lending,
deposits, credit cards, debit cards, mutual funds and retail insurance. In
addition, First Horizon offers various services such as fixed income sales and
trading; brokerage services; wealth management; correspondent banking;
transaction processing; trust, fiduciary and agency services; financing services
and investment and financial advisory services. Such broad product and service
portfolio enables the company to retain and expand its existing customer base,
in turn driving its top-line performance.

STRONG CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Strong capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital
requirements vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address stress tests
conducted by national banking regulators. The good capital management enabled
the company to strengthen its capital position. The company was required to
maintain a total risk-based capital ratio of 8%, and Tier 1 capital ratio of
6.5%. The company reported risk-weighted capital ratio of 13.01%, and Tier 1
capital ratio of 11.79% during FY2015, meeting the regulatory requirements.
Prudent capital management of the company strengthened its capital, which in
turn will enable it to withstand periods of banking stress.


WEAKNESSES:


OVERDEPENDENCE ON THE REGIONAL BANKING DIVISION


The company depends highly on the Regional Banking division for its revenues,
which makes it vulnerable to the division-specific risks. Although, the company
operates through four business divisions: Regional Banking division, Fixed
Income, Corporate, and Non-Strategic, but Regional Banking division contributed
more than 77% towards the total revenue of the company in FY2015. Such over
dependency of the company on a single division exposes it to the risks
associated with that particular market segment concentration. The focus on a
single division may hamper its growth prospects in adverse situation.

WEAK BOTTOM-LINE PERFORMANCE


Weak bottom-line performance is one of the areas of concern for the company. The
company reported an operating income of US$108.3 million in FY2015, compared to
US$309.6 million in FY2014, representing an annual decline of 65%. In addition,
the company reported a net income of US$85.9 million in FY2015, compared to US$
219.5 million in FY2014, representing an annual decline of 60.9%. Such weak
bottom-life performance was primarily due to the high non-interest losses
incurred by the company. The company's non interest loss increased from US$841.2
million in FY2014 to US$1,053.8 million in FY2015. Weak bottom-line performance
will affect the company's ability to pursue its growth plans, aggressively.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS CHANNEL


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. First Horizon, a provider of debit and
credit cards in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), in 2015, the GDP growth rate of the US
stood at 2.5%. It is further expected to reach 2.6% in 2016. Positive growth in
the economy keeps a balance between exports and imports in the country, further
bolsters individual consumption and investment, and strengthens government
spending. Such economic growth is likely to enable favorable market conditions
in the country. As a provider of financial products and services in the US,
First Horizon is well positioned to benefit from the growing economy.

STRATEGIC INITIATIVES


The company's strategic initiatives will help it expand its business. For
instance, in October 2015, the company's subsidiary, First Tennessee Bank
acquired TrustAtlantic Financial Corp., a Raleigh, North Carolina based banking
company. The acquisition will further expand the company's operations in North
Carolina region. In September 2015, the company's subsidiary First Tennessee
Bank announced the implementation of chip-enabled technology on its debit,
credit and prepaid cards, as a part of security enhancement against frauds. This
roll out will provide enhanced data protection for its customers, which in turn
will help to attract new customers and retail existing customers. Such strategic
initiatives are likely to expand its customer and revenue base.


THREATS:


INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Increase in compliance costs may impact the company's operations. Compliance
costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the company's
operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased compliance costs
and additional regulations. The compliance burden on banks has probably been
increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future crises. The Basel
Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors Group, the Institute of
International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued reports reflecting the
changes in the regulatory process and risk management practices. The Federal
Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage origination to guard
consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory environment and exert extra
pressure on companies which are already working on improving their own
governance processes.

CHANGING REGULATIONS


The company's businesses are regulated by various rules of government and
regulatory authorities. Changes in government policy, legislation or regulatory
interpretation, may adversely affect the company's product range, distribution
channels, capital requirements and consequently, reported results and financing
requirements. These changes include possible changes in statutory pension
arrangements and policies, and the regulation of selling practices and solvency
requirements. Thus, changes in government policies and regulations may have a
negative impact on the company's growth and expansion strategies.

FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increases in interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               November 23, 1987

SECTION: COMMUNICATIONS MANAGER; Dialogue; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 187 words


How would the proposed rise in local exchange special access rates affect your
networking plans?

It will encourage us to conserve network facilities - to make better use of
switched access and rely less on hard-wired private lines. We're constantly
enlarging our net, and it is very price-dependent. As switched access becomes
less expensive and private lines become more expensive, we will adjust our
network accordingly.

Ted Vagelos

Assistant director of Telecommunications

Vanderbilt University

Nashville

It would not affect us at all. We have our own fiber-optic network between
Chicago and Evanston, Ill. We have very little private line, it's very minimal.
And we do our own switching within our network, so that would not affect us at
all either.

Lem Tate

Executive director

NTS Telecommunications Service

A joint venture of Northwester

Memorial Corp.

Chicago

It won't affect us. We will stick with our present service no matter what it
costs.

Vintina La Plant

Communications administrator

Swissre Holding (North America), Inc.

New York

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987, Network World, Inc.


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

NEIGHBORS

BYLINE: BARBARA ROUTEN, Tribune correspondent

SECTION: BRANDON; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 852 words


By BARBARA ROUTEN

Tribune correspondent

Young Phenoms Put Science To The Test

VALRICO - The annual Grace Christian School Science Fair, for sixth- through
ninth-grade students, was held March 17 in the school dining hall.

The first-place winner was ninth-grader Alex Holliday, whose experiment title
was "Does Your Eye Color Affect Your Vision?" In second place was sixth-grader
Brian Do, who asked, "Does an Increase in Temperature Result in an Increase or
Decrease in the Electrical Output of a Solar Panel?" Third-place went to
seventh-grader Abby Auten, who wondered, "Does Pepsi Affect People's Blood
Pressure?"

Holliday chose people who did not wear glasses or contacts to participate in her
experiment. They read an eye chart in dim light, natural room light and bright
light. She found that melanin, the pigment that colors eyes, does affect vision.
She said her experiment was "really fun."

Do learned from his experiment that when heat is added as light is absorbed by
solar panels, the panels' electrical output increases. "This did not surprise
Brian," said Gail Ann Swales, Grace Christian School principal. "And he is very
proud of his research because he is thinking of many ways this research could
help other people."

Auten's experiment was lifestyle-changing for her. After comparing people's
blood pressure five minutes before they drank Pepsi and then a half-hour after
they drank it, she discovered their pressure rose a couple of points.

As a result, Auten wants to reduce her consumption of caffeinated beverages.

All students who participated in the competition were selected by their science
teachers. "We are proud of all our science fair competitors," Swale said. "Great
work!"

Local Chef Gives Back

BRANDON - Executive chef Dave West, co-owner of the Rolling Pin Kitchen Emporium
in Brandon, and his staff hosted and coordinated the International Association
of Culinary Professionals' "IACP Gives Back" charity event March 11.

Other chefs volunteered their time. They were Ray Lampe, also known as Dr. BBQ,
a cookbook author and executive chef at Southern Hospitality, Justin
Timberlake's restaurant in New York City; Jaden Hair, cookbook author, food
columnist for The Tampa Tribune and host of SteamyKitchen.com; Fabrizio
Schenardi, executive chef of Pelagia Trattoria in Tampa; Giuliano Hazan,
cookbook author, television personality and IACP Cooking School teacher of the
year for 2007; John McGlinchey, chef, instructor and fine dining consultant; and
John Verville, master certified barbecue judge and team leader.

Crescent City Farmers Market in New Orleans received the more than $4,000 raised
at the event. The market, which was started in 1995, was damaged by Hurricane
Katrina in 2005.

Contributions from many companies that participated in the event, including
Transatlantic Wine and Spirits, Fruit of the Boot, Rolling Pin Kitchen Emporium
and U.S. Foodservice, went directly to the New Orleans market. The 20 class
participants paid $100 to $175 per seat to attend.

Musicians Needed For Fall Play

BRANDON - Stagedoor Performing Arts is assembling a live ensemble to accompany
its fall play, "Taffetas."

Any musical director or proficient pianist, upright bass player or drummer
willing to consider volunteering his or her talents for this community theater
experience may contact Jonathan Douglas for details at showstoogo@aol.com

Stagedoor invites actors, stagehands and theater lovers to become members. The
group meets at 7 p.m. the second Tuesday of each month. The next meeting will be
June 10.

"The meeting is for everyone that is interested in the arts," said secretary
Doni Holmes. "Of course, we would like to have more members, and the best way to
expose them to Stagedoor is through our monthly meetings and/or our shows."

For meeting locations, contact Holmes at sunshine460@ msn.com.

'H.M.S. Pinafore' Seeks Crew Members

BRANDON - Brandon Youth Theatre is seeking actors in grades four through 12,
musicians of high school or college age and students interested in set design,
set construction and costuming for the group's upcoming summer production of
Gilbert and Sullivan's "H.M.S. Pinafore."

Rehearsals will begin at 5:30 p.m. June 3 at Brandon High School, 1101 Victoria
St. Registration for actors is $175 before May 25, $185 after that. There is a
$25 sibling discount. Tuition will include a T-shirt and cast party.

For details or to register, contact board member Karis Denhoff at (813) 719-2744
or Denhoff@hotmail.com Interested musicians should contact Robert Nicholson at
(813) 654-6897.

Send news and photos of community interest to Barbara Routen at The Tampa
Tribune, 505 W. Robertson St., Brandon FL 33511; e-mail neighbors@tampabay.rr
.com; or call (813) 657-4531

Photo credit: Grace Christian School

Photo: Winners of the Grace Christian School Science Fair on March 17 are
ninth-grader Alex Holliday, first place; sixth-grader Brian Do, second place;
and seventh-grader Abby Auten, third place. Participating students were selected
by their science teachers.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

Obamacare repeal could affect insurance for 150K Sonoma County residents

BYLINE: Martin Espinoza, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1348 words


March 08--Sonoma County health care officials Tuesday warned the newly
introduced Obamacare replacement bill could upend the local health care system,
leading to the loss of health coverage or dramatic benefits cuts to nearly
150,000 residents, and cost thousands of jobs and $200 million in economic
losses.

The plan, introduced Tuesday by House Republicans and endorsed by President
Donald Trump, is already receiving strong opposition from conservatives, who
said it failed to establish a free-market health care system, and liberals, who
feared it would cause millions of Americans to become uninsured.

Billed the American Health Care Act, the GOP's plan also included language that
would defund Planned Parenthood and restrict abortion coverage. That drew
condemnation from abortion rights advocates at rallies at congressional district
offices across the country, including at Rep. Mike Thompson's in Santa Rosa.

"Defunding Planned Parenthood would be devastating to the reproductive health
care of women in Sonoma County," Kim Clement, a volunteer and community
organizer, said at a gathering of about 100 people, many carrying signs
supporting the organization that also provides birth control, pregnancy
screening and testing for sexually transmitted disease to mostly low-income
patients.

The GOP plan seeks to "repeal and replace" Obamacare. Some 23,000 county
residents are newly insured through the state's Covered California health
exchange, while another 35,000 residents have new coverage through Obamacare's
expansion of Medi-Cal, California's version of the federal Medicaid program. A
total of about 150,000 Sonoma County residents are enrolled in private insurance
through Covered California or government insurance.

The replacement plan calls for rolling back the Medicaid expansion by 2020. It
also calls for capping future spending by funding Medicaid through state block
grants.

That would almost certainly cause a future reduction in Medi-Cal services or
enrollment, said Barbie Robinson, director of Sonoma County Health Services.
Robinson, who has worked at the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services in Atlanta and San Francisco, said "block-granting" Medicaid would
essentially shift the financial responsibility to states and counties.

That, she said, would most likely lead to Medi-Cal cuts.

"It would put us on the hook for reducing the number of individuals who have
coverage," Robinson said.

Supervisor Shirlee Zane agreed.

"It's a cost shift down to states and local governments," Zane said. "Anybody
who knows anything about funding knows it's bad news. It means a decrease in
funding."

Under the GOP plan, Obamacare subsidies in the individual market would be
replaced with individual tax credits to help people buy their own insurance.
Also, the controversial individual mandate would be eliminated.

To encourage people to purchase health insurance the plan would allow insurance
companies to impose a 30 percent penalty if coverage lapses beyond 63 days.

Tuesday, some statewide health care groups blasted the GOP proposal, warning it
would cause some to lose their health coverage while others face higher costs.

"California has the most to lose because we had the greatest expansion of
coverage under the Affordable Care Act," Anthony Wright, executive director of
the Sacramento-based advocacy group Health Access, said on a conference call
with reporters.

More than 1 million Californians bought coverage through a new health insurance
marketplace, Covered California, while nearly 4 million more joined Medi-Cal,
which is jointly funded by the state and federal government.

The Affordable Care Act has led to a drop in the state's uninsured rate from
17.2 percent in 2013, before the law fully took effect, to 7.4 percent in 2016,
said Ken Jacobs, chairman of the UC-Berkeley Center for Labor Research and
Education, who also participated in the teleconference.

According to University of California health officials, a repeal could cost
Sonoma County 2,000 jobs and an economic loss of nearly $200 million.

Thompson, D-St. Helena, who also held a teleconference Tuesday afternoon from
Washington, D.C., said he had deep concerns about the GOP, which he said rushed
the replacement bill through the House of Representatives without proper
analysis of its impact.

"Estimates are that if (Obamacare is) repealed California could lose 350,000
jobs," he said. "Without hearings or appropriate analysis, we don't know that
for sure. It's pretty clear that the tax provisions will be a windfall to some
corporations and billionaires."

Monday, Rep. Jared Huffman, D-San Rafael, convened a panel of health care
experts at a Petaluma town hall where he offered a scathing review of GOP plans.

Nearly 1,000 people packed into the Petaluma Veterans Memorial Hall to share
their concerns about a changing health care landscape as Huffman promised to
fight potential "irresponsible" actions.

He said while the Affordable Care Act has its shortcomings, he recognized its
help providing quality health care and boosting coverage.

"We should try to improve it, not repeal it," he said. "It's very clear to me
that if we were to repeal this law, and certainly without putting an adequate
and comprehensive replacement in place first, the impacts would be devastating
for millions of people."

Dave Hodges, a Santa Rosa-based broker with Vantreo Insurance Brokerage, said
the GOP plan could lead some to drop their health insurance, particularly those
in the middle income range currently subsidized by Obamacare.

Hodges is no fan of Obamacare, but said he likes the replacement plan's
inclusion of Health Savings Accounts that allow individuals to self-insure for
health care. He said the plan also eliminates some of Obamacare's bureaucratic
reporting requirements.

But Hodges said the plan does not resonate with conservative values, as it keeps
many of Obamacare's key components.

"In my opinion, it isn't a real replacement of Obamacare," he said.

Aside from potentially increasing the number of uninsured, Sonoma County Health
Services' Robinson said the GOP plan could result in cuts to local community
health centers, which saw tremendous growth and financial support under the
Affordable Care Act. Many of the newly insured, both through Covered California
and the expansion of Medi-Cal, are now treated at local health centers.

These health centers, which employ 1,000 people, provide primary care, dental
and mental health to 100,000 Sonoma County residents annually. The loss of
Medi-Cal dollars could be devastating.

"Clearly, we're looking at pre-ACA levels of service," Robinson said.

Naomi Fuchs, CEO of Santa Rosa Community Health Centers, one of the largest
health care providers in the county, said gutting Medi-Cal would hurt more than
just the area's most vulnerable residents

"The economic fallout to Sonoma County would be tremendous both in lost jobs,
missed work due to illness and increased premiums to everyone as the cost of
care rises," Fuchs said.

Statewide, Planned Parenthood serves about 850,000 people, about 80 percent of
whom are considered low-income, Clement said. About 3 percent of all patients
get abortions, she said.

Local numbers were not available.

Under current law, no federal money pays for abortions, but Republican lawmakers
inserted a provision barring Planned Parenthood from receiving subsidies if it
continued performing them. That would threaten many other essential services the
health center provides, supporters said.

"It's very shortsighted," said Jacqueline Abdalla, a Santa Rosa family medicine
doctor who attended Tuesday's rally. "Financially, it doesn't make sense in the
long run."

This story contains information from the Associated Press. Hannah Beausang of
the Petaluma Argus-Courier and Staff Writer Paul Payne contributed to this
story. You can reach Staff Writer Martin Espinoza at 707-521-5213 or
martin.espinoza@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @renofish.

___ (c)2017 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170308-UR-Obamacare-repeal-could-affect
-insurance-for-150K-Sonoma-County-residents-0308-20170308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2017 The Press Democrat


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

Obamacare repeal could affect insurance for 150,000 Sonoma County residents

BYLINE: Martin Espinoza, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1349 words


March 08--Sonoma County health care officials Tuesday warned the newly
introduced Obamacare replacement bill could upend the local health care system,
leading to the loss of health coverage or dramatic benefits cuts to nearly
150,000 residents, and cost thousands of jobs and $200 million in economic
losses.

The plan, introduced Tuesday by House Republicans and endorsed by President
Donald Trump, is already receiving strong opposition from conservatives, who
said it failed to establish a free-market health care system, and liberals, who
feared it would cause millions of Americans to become uninsured.

Billed the American Health Care Act, the GOP's plan also included language that
would defund Planned Parenthood and restrict abortion coverage. That drew
condemnation from abortion rights advocates at rallies at congressional district
offices across the country, including at Rep. Mike Thompson's in Santa Rosa.

"Defunding Planned Parenthood would be devastating to the reproductive health
care of women in Sonoma County," Kim Clement, a volunteer and community
organizer, said at a gathering of about 100 people, many carrying signs
supporting the organization that also provides birth control, pregnancy
screening and testing for sexually transmitted disease to mostly low-income
patients.

The GOP plan seeks to "repeal and replace" Obamacare. Some 23,000 county
residents are newly insured through the state's Covered California health
exchange, while another 35,000 residents have new coverage through Obamacare's
expansion of Medi-Cal, California's version of the federal Medicaid program. A
total of about 150,000 Sonoma County residents are enrolled in private insurance
through Covered California or government insurance.

The replacement plan calls for rolling back the Medicaid expansion by 2020. It
also calls for capping future spending by funding Medicaid through state block
grants.

That would almost certainly cause a future reduction in Medi-Cal services or
enrollment, said Barbie Robinson, director of Sonoma County Health Services.
Robinson, who has worked at the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services in Atlanta and San Francisco, said "block-granting" Medicaid would
essentially shift the financial responsibility to states and counties.

That, she said, would most likely lead to Medi-Cal cuts.

"It would put us on the hook for reducing the number of individuals who have
coverage," Robinson said.

Supervisor Shirlee Zane agreed.

"It's a cost shift down to states and local governments," Zane said. "Anybody
who knows anything about funding knows it's bad news. It means a decrease in
funding."

Under the GOP plan, Obamacare subsidies in the individual market would be
replaced with individual tax credits to help people buy their own insurance.
Also, the controversial individual mandate would be eliminated.

To encourage people to purchase health insurance the plan would allow insurance
companies to impose a 30 percent penalty if coverage lapses beyond 63 days.

On Tuesday, some statewide health care groups blasted the GOP proposal, warning
it would cause some to lose their health coverage while others face higher
costs.

"California has the most to lose because we had the greatest expansion of
coverage under the Affordable Care Act," Anthony Wright, executive director of
the Sacramento-based advocacy group Health Access, said on a conference call
with reporters.

More than 1 million Californians bought coverage through a new health insurance
marketplace, Covered California, while nearly 4 million more joined Medi-Cal,
which is jointly funded by the state and federal government.

The Affordable Care Act has led to a drop in the state's uninsured rate from
17.2 percent in 2013, before the law fully took effect, to  7.4 percent in 2016,
said Ken Jacobs, chairman of the UC-Berkeley Center for Labor Research and
Education, who also participated in the teleconference.

According to University of California health officials, a repeal could cost
Sonoma County 2,000 jobs and an economic loss of nearly $200 million.

Thompson, D-St. Helena, who also held a teleconference Tuesday afternoon from
Washington, D.C., said he had deep concerns about the GOP, which he said rushed
the replacement bill through the House of Representatives without proper
analysis of its impact.

"Estimates are that if (Obamacare is) repealed, California could lose 350,000
jobs," he said. "Without hearings or appropriate analysis, we don't know that
for sure. It's pretty clear that the tax provisions will be a windfall to some
corporations and billionaires."

On Monday, Rep. Jared Huffman, D-San Rafael, convened a panel of health care
experts at a Petaluma town hall where he offered a scathing review of GOP plans.

Nearly 1,000 people packed into the Petaluma Veterans Memorial Hall to share
their concerns about a changing health care landscape as Huffman promised to
fight potential "irresponsible" actions.

He said while the Affordable Care Act has its shortcomings, he recognized its
help providing quality health care and boosting coverage.

"We should try to improve it, not repeal it," he said. "It's very clear to me
that if we were to repeal this law, and certainly without putting an adequate
and comprehensive replacement in place first, the impacts would be devastating
for millions of people."

Dave Hodges, a Santa Rosa-based broker with Vantreo Insurance Brokerage, said
the GOP plan could lead some to drop their health insurance, particularly those
in the middle-income range currently subsidized by Obamacare.

Hodges is no fan of Obamacare, but said he likes the replacement plan's
inclusion of health savings accounts that allow individuals to self-insure for
health care. He said the plan also eliminates some of Obamacare's bureaucratic
reporting requirements.

But Hodges said the plan does not resonate with conservative values, as it keeps
many of Obamacare's key components.

"In my opinion, it isn't a real replacement of Obamacare," he said.

Aside from potentially increasing the number of uninsured, Sonoma County Health
Services' Robinson said the GOP plan could result in cuts to local community
health centers, which saw tremendous growth and financial support under the
Affordable Care Act. Many of the newly insured, both through Covered California
and the expansion of Medi-Cal, are now treated at local health centers.

These health centers, which employ 1,000 people, provide primary care, dental
and mental health to 100,000 Sonoma County residents annually. The loss of
Medi-Cal dollars could be devastating.

"Clearly, we're looking at pre-ACA levels of service," Robinson said.

Naomi Fuchs, CEO of Santa Rosa Community Health Centers, one of the largest
health care providers in the county, said gutting Medi-Cal would hurt more than
just the area's most vulnerable residents

"The economic fallout to Sonoma County would be tremendous both in lost jobs,
missed work due to illness and increased premiums to everyone as the cost of
care rises," Fuchs said.

Statewide, Planned Parenthood serves about 850,000 people, about 80 percent of
whom are considered low-income, Clement said. About 3 percent of all patients
get abortions, she said.

Local numbers were not available.

Under current law, no federal money pays for abortions, but Republican lawmakers
inserted a provision barring Planned Parenthood from receiving subsidies if it
continued performing them. That would threaten many other essential services the
health center provides, supporters said.

"It's very shortsighted," said Jacqueline Abdalla, a Santa Rosa family medicine
doctor who attended Tuesday's rally. "Financially, it doesn't make sense in the
long run."

This story contains information from the Associated Press. Hannah Beausang of
the Petaluma Argus-Courier and Staff Writer Paul Payne contributed to this
story. You can reach Staff Writer Martin Espinoza at 707-521-5213 or
martin.espinoza@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @renofish.

___ (c)2017 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170308-UR-Obamacare-repeal-could-affect
-insurance-for-150000-Sonoma-County-residents-0308-20170308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2017 The Press Democrat


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Record (Greensboro, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

Hole in bridge affects traffic near Eden; weather-related wrecks reported in
Triad area

BYLINE: News & Record, Greensboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


March 01--Updated 9:23 a.m.

EDEN -- A two-lane bridge on N.C. 700 between the city of Eden and Quesinberry
Road is at least partially closed because of a 2-by-2-foot hole, according to
Jeremy Delapp, Rockingham County's maintenance engineer.

An inspector is headed to the scene to determine what caused the hole and
determine what repair is needed, Delapp said.

Delapp said he believes the bridge crosses the Dan River.

Updated 8:20 a.m.

MADISON -- The U.S. 220 bridge over the Dan River, near N.C. 704, is blocked
after a single-vehicle road slid on ice and crashed, according to Rockingham
County dispatchers.

No injuries were reported.

Several wrecks also have been reported in Guilford and Randolph counties,
particularly on overpasses and other elevated road surfaces, because of icy
conditions, dispatchers have reported.

North Carolina Department of Transportation crews are responding to treat the
treacherous conditions, according to a tweet sent out by the department.

Updated 7:44 a.m.

Several traffic wrecks as a result of icy conditions are being reported in
Guilford and Randolph counties, according to Highway Patrol dispatchers.

Wrecks are scattered along Interstate 85 and at least one is being reported on
Interstate 40.

In Greensboro, there are wrecks reported on Interstate-73 at mile marker 97 and
I-40 at mile marker 1, Guilford County dispatchers said.

Rockingham County dispatchers report some icy spots on the roads, but thus far,
no wrecks as a result of these conditions.

A light freezing rain is making some areas particularly slick.

On Twitter, the N.C. Department of Transportation said crews are responding to
responding to treat icy bridges and over passes in counties across central North
Carolina.

Posted 6:51 p.m.

Light freezing rain, possibly mixed with a sleet, will occur across much of
centeral North Carolina this morning, according to an advisory from the National
Weather Service in Raleigh.

The combination of cold  and initially dry air, with moisture moving in from the
south has caused areas of light rain or freezing rain to develop over the south
and west areas of central North Carolina early this morning, the advisory
states. It is expected spread over the remainder of the region after daybreak.

With surface temperatures cooling to around or below freezing, several hours of
light freezing rain will occur over much of the Piedmont, the advisory states.

How to drive on slick surfaces

A thin coating of ice on roads and sidewalks will make travel and walking
treacherous through this afternoon, the Weather Service said.

The advisory is in place until 4 p.m.

___ (c)2015 the News & Record (Greensboro, N.C.) Visit the News & Record
(Greensboro, N.C.) at www.news-record.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150301-VG-Hole-in-bridge-affects
-traffic-near-Eden-weather-related-wrecks-reported-in-Triad-area-0301-20150301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VG


                          Copyright 2015 News & Record


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 4, 2013 Friday

Henredon Furniture closure to affect 100-plus jobs

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


Jan. 04--Mount Airy was dealt another economic blow Thursday afternoon when word
came that Henredon Furniture will close, representing a loss of more than 100
jobs.

The local plant on Mountain View Road off U.S. 601 is being phased out so its
operations can be moved to Long View, a community near Hickory.

"It's actually a consolidation," said Lisa Hanley, a spokeswoman for Furniture
Brands headquartered in St. Louis, Mo., to whom questions about the closure were
referred. Furniture Brands is the parent company of Henredon and other
manufacturers in North Carolina, including Broyhill, Drexel Heritage,
Thomasville, Hickory Chair and others.

"We are still keeping businesses in North Carolina," Hanley said, "just
unfortunately not in Mount Airy."

"Our strategy has been to consolidate where it made sense, to be more
efficient," she added regarding the shift of the local operations to Long View.

"This is a transition that will take several months," Hanley said of the Mount
Airy plant's shutdown. "I'm not exactly sure how many."

Hanley lacked an exact number of jobs to be lost by the facility's closure, but
said it is "a little over 100."

The local plant manufactures upholstered furniture, she said.

Mount Airy Mayor Deborah Cochran said Thursday afternoon that she and other city
officials will be sorry to see Henredon leave.

"We are shocked and saddened to hear this news," the mayor said. "Our hearts are
heavy -- it's getting harder and harder for people who own businesses, and the
employees as well."

Cochran added, "Any family that has gotten news of plant closings can relate to
this." The mayor said she has relatives working at Henredon. "I feel for them --
they're the ones most affected," she said of the company's work force.

An employee spotted leaving the plant late Thursday afternoon, who appeared to
be in his 60s and did not give his name, said he didn't know what he was going
to do for employment "at my age" after operations there ceased.

"Ain't no whole lot you can say about it," the man added with dismay.

Meanwhile, Mayor Cochran expressed optimism for the future, although the
upcoming Henredon closure is just the latest of textile and furniture
manufacturer losses that have plagued Mount Airy in recent years.

"Despite uncertainties and adversity, this community has found a way to
survive."

Reach Tom Joyce at 719-1924 or tjoyce@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2013 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130104-NI-Henredon-Furniture-closure-to-affect
-100-plus-jobs-0104-20130104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2013


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Reporter (Vacaville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 24, 2012 Friday

Garbage bill that affects Solano County approved by state Senate

BYLINE: Melissa Murphy, The Reporter, Vacaville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


Aug. 24--A bill to undermine a voter-approved initiative in Solano County that
limits garbage coming into its landfills successfully grabbed enough votes
Thursday from the California Senate.

Assembly Bill 845 is headed back to the Assembly for concurrence, if it's
approved the bill will make its way to Gov. Jerry Brown, where he will either
sign or veto it.

On Thursday, AB 845 received 22 yes votes and 14 no votes, with four senators
choosing not to vote.

Earlier this week, the bill didn't receive the required 21 votes to pass.
Instead, it was held for reconsideration and was voted on again and approved
Thursday.

"We'll see what happens," said Duane Kromm from the Solano Orderly Growth
Committee. "I was hoping it would be a different vote. The bill is only
protecting the interests of private companies. It screws over Solano County.
We'll continue to be the dumping ground for the Bay Area."

That's not the only thing that stinks, according to opponents of the bill.

A last-minute switch by author Assemblywoman Fiona Ma, D-San Francisco, took the
active AB 845, gutted it and filled it in with the language from AB 1178.

Simply put, the new AB 845 is the old AB 1178.

Nearly 30 years ago, Solano County voters enacted Measure E, which limited the
amount of out-of-county trash hauled into its jurisdiction with an annual cap on
solid-waste imports to no more than 95,000 tons.

Solano stopped enforcing the rule in the 1990s because it believed a federal
court

had negated it. Opponents of an attempt to expand the Portero Hills Landfill
outside Suisun City, however, sued the county. A Superior Court judge agreed
that the law should be enforced and that decision is now in the hands of the 1st
District Court of Appeal. It is believed by opponents that if the county
enforced the limit, an expansion at Potrero Hills is not needed.

Ma, whose district includes garbage companies that bring waste into Solano
County, tried to circumvent the courts with AB 1178, which made it through the
Assembly but stalled in the state Senate.

Ma's efforts didn't stop there, continuing with the new AB 845.

State Sens. Noreen Evans and Lois Wolk, both D-Solano, have opposed the bill.

"I'm disappointed that this effort to circumvent the will of the people in
Solano County succeeded in a last-minute end run around the legislative
process," Evans said. "The bill undermines the vote of the people, the judicial
process and the authority of local government. It totally trashes local control
and I will continue to voice my opposition to the governor in urging a veto."

Follow Staff Writer Melissa Murphy at Twitter.com/ReporterMMurphy.

___ (c)2012 The Reporter (Vacaville, Calif.) Visit The Reporter (Vacaville,
Calif.) at www.thereporter.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120824-VA-Garbage-bill-that-affects
-Solano-County-approved-by-state-Senate-0824-20120824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VA


                          Copyright 2012 The Reporter


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Southwest moves won't affect Northwest Florida Int'l

BYLINE: Pat Kelly, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


Jan. 25--WEST BAY -- The decision by Southwest Airlines to continue AirTran
routes between Pensacola and Atlanta will have little effect on Northwest
Florida Beaches International Airport (ECP), local officials said.

"For now, I don't see any change from the announcement," airport executive
director John Wheat said Tuesday. "There is really no change in service."

AirTrain Airways, with its hub in Atlanta, merged with Southwest in May and
officials have been working to integrate the two operations, keeping some routes
and closing others, Southwest spokeswoman Brandi King said Tuesday.

The decision to retain at least some flights at Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional
Airport gives Southwest its first foothold in that city after both Pensacola and
Okaloosa County's Northwest Florida Regional Airport lost out to ECP in 2010 to
bring Southwest to their respective airports.

In the agreement that brought Southwest to ECP, the low-cost carrier agreed not
to operate from any airport within a certain radius that included Okaloosa
County but not Pensacola.

King said the ongoing integration means AirTran's hub system is being absorbed
into Southwest's point-to-point model which has successfully operated without a
central hub.

Delta Air Lines, the other major local carrier, operates daily flights to and
from ECP and its hub is in Atlanta.

King said Southwest will begin adding point-to-point flights to and from Atlanta
in February, but it was too soon to speculate whether Southwest might one day
operate from ECP to Atlanta in direct competition with Delta.

As for Pensacola, "there is a little bit of difference in the passenger base,"
she said.

Wheat said his budget this year includes money for the airport to conduct an
"analysis of airport development" that will help airlines make decisions on
including routes at ECP.

"There is a lot of competition among airports," he said.

Such a study, which is listed on today's Airport Authority board agenda, would
allow ECP to accumulate data on the airport's fees and strengths, as well as
local nearby communities such as Panama City, Panama City Beach and Destin, for
use in marketing and airline decision-making.

___ (c)2012 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120125-PY-Southwest-moves-won-t-affect
-Northwest-Florida-Int-l-0125-20120125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2012 The News Herald


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 2, 2011 Friday

Season opener will affect traffic

BYLINE: The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Sept. 02--NORMAN -- Norman police will close a section of Lindsey Street near
Gaylord Family-Oklahoma Memorial Stadium on University of Oklahoma football game
days, starting with the season opener this Saturday.

The OU-Tulsa game is scheduled to kick off shortly after 7 p.m.

Lindsey Street will be closed to vehicle traffic between Asp and Lincoln avenues
for much of the day. Lindsey Street traffic will begin flowing one way toward
the stadium by about 3:30 p.m. and in one direction away from the stadium late
in the game and after the contest.

These are the same traffic control patterns that were used last year, Lt. Gary
Shelton stated in a news release. Norman traffic control staff, though, do not
expect construction on Lindsey Street east of the stadium to create added
delays.

Police also urge drivers to "exercise good judgment when parking before the
game." Parking enforcement officers often ticket more than 100 vehicles on a
gameday Saturday compared to "a handful of parking calls" throughout a typical
weekend.

A vehicle also can be towed when parked in a fire lane or other tow-away zone;
blocking a driveway, street, alley or fire hydrant; or when illegally parked in
a handicapped space or on private property.

"According to wrecker companies," Shelton said in the news release, "a typical
game day often results in 20 to 30 towed vehicles."

State transportation officials remind fans traveling to and from the Oklahoma
City area that the right lane on eastbound Interstate 40 at the I-35/I-235
junction is for southbound I-35 only. The center lane can exit to northbound
I-235.

Also, the northbound I-35 ramp to westbound I-40 is now open, though it is no
longer a dedicated exit lane.

For more Oklahoma City, Tulsa and statewide highway updates, visit
www.okladot.state.ok.us and click on "traffic advisories."

James S. Tyree 366-3541 jtyree@normantranscript.com

___ (c)2011 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110902-NQ-Season-opener-will-affect-traffic-0902-20110902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2011 The Norman Transcript


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday

COST OF GAS TAKES ITS TOLL ON TODAY'S 59TH RODEO DE SANTA FE

BYLINE: JAMES BARRON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 434 words


The domino effect of high gas prices has fallen all the way to the Rodeo de
Santa Fe.

Even though the event has seen its prize money increase -- to more then $100,000
from about $75,000 last year -- as well as the contestants list rise to 618, the
good tidings for 59th annual event, which begins today, has been tempered by the
impact of

$5-plus per gallon diesel fuel.

It's because those prices affect the centerpiece of the rodeo -- the cowboys and
cowgirls themselves.

"People don't know how much fuel runs this country," Rodeo de Santa Fe president
Jim Butler said. "Diesel runs about $5 a gallon and most of these trucks (the
contestants drive) have a 35-gallon tank. So you're looking at 160 dollars to go
500 miles or so."

So participants have adopted a car-pool strategy to help share costs. Butler
said the organization also moved the rodeo's date back a week to be more
accommodating to their performers, so that they can hit several events during
the week.

Rodeo de Santa Fe will coincide with other contests in Pecos, Texas; Prescott,
Ariz.; and Clovis to maximize the cost effectiveness of driving from event to
event. But Butler doesn't want that issue to override the good things the rodeo
is experiencing.

A $30,000 grant from the New Mexico Rodeo Council, which was set up by Gov. Bill
Richardson to promote rodeo in the state, was the boost the rodeo needed to
improve payouts. That almost doubled the participants' list total of 350 from
last year.

Among those registered for the rodeo are Trevor Brazile, a five-time all-around
champion in the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association; Fred Whitfield, a
seven-time calf-roping world champion; and Joe Beaver, a three-time all-around
champion. But that's just the start.

"Out of the 70 top contestants in the PRCA, we've got about 50-plus of them,"
Butler said. "You know the old saying, 'Money talks.' The contestants look at
that when they get that schedule out and see where they are paying the money."

Butler hopes an improved lineup will result in an improved gate, but he also
knows that gas prices are hurting more than just the competitors.

"Fuel affects this country in every way," Butler said. "It affects the farmer,
who has to raise prices. It affects the trucker, who has to raise his (shipping)
prices because of the gas prices, and then the grocer has to raise his prices
because of the farmer and the trucker. Fuel affects everything and everybody one
way or the other."

Contact James Barron at 986-3045

or jbarron@sfnewmexican.com

IF YOU GO

When: Tonight, 7:30 p.m.

Where: Santa Fe Rodeo Grounds

Tickets: $5-$20

Reservations: 471-4300, ext. 1

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday

Could $4 gas be on the way ?

BYLINE: By Janis Mara, BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 606 words


Just in time to mess up weekend getaways, gas prices tied a record high Friday
in the San Francisco metro area -- and the East Bay wasn't far behind.

The average price for a gallon of unleaded gas hit $3.36 -- up 34 cents from a
month ago -- in the San Francisco metro area, which includes San Mateo County,
according to AAA.

In the East Bay, prices jumped to $3.26 per gallon, up 34 cents from a month
ago, and the San Jose area saw prices increase to $3.24 a gallon, up 33 cents in
the last month.

The pain at the pump is particularly acute in California, which has the nation's
highest average gas prices. The Golden State's average price for a gallon of
regular unleaded is $3.23, while the U.S. average is only $2.64.

Prices might continue to increase a penny or two more per gallon as the weeks go
by, according to AAA spokeswoman Cynthia Harris.

Jamie Court, president of consumer advocacy group Foundation for Taxpayer and
Consumer Rights, was even more pessimistic. "We have record San Francisco Bay
Area prices in March, which means by summer we are heading toward $4 a gallon,
if no one intervenes," Court said.

Drivers around the Bay are all too accustomed to soaring gas prices and the
accompanying hit to the pocketbook. But the increases also herald higher prices
in other areas, such as groceries and other goods, some motorists noted.

"Did I notice that gas prices are up?Did I notice that it rained Monday?" Ross
Pytlik of Livermore asked rhetorically. He said he's concerned because not only
do the increases affect him directly, but "any time raw material or
transportation costs increase, other items are going to go up."

Indeed, "Almost three-quarters of every community in California is served
exclusively by truck. So higher prices of fuel in some trucking sectors will
have an effect on the price of goods in California," said Matt Schrap,
regulatory specialist for the California Trucking Association.

"I take the bus, but gas prices do affect me," said Alechia Robertson, who was
enjoying Friday's sunshine in downtown Oakland with her friend Alyssa Chhan of
Berkeley. "Gas controls everything. Airline tickets and other goods will be
affected."

AAA's Harris agreed, saying, "High gas prices affect the price of food, airfare,
hotels, groceries, clothing -- every kind of merchandise is trucked in from
somewhere. It (higher prices) affects us on every level."

Robertson said she thinks prices have gone up because of instability in the
Middle East. Chhan said she thinks it's supply and demand. According to Harris,
they're both right.

"Refinery inventories are always low this time of year because they are
switching from the winter blend of gas to the cleaner-burning summer blend,"
Harris said. This disrupts supply because refineries let their supplies of the
winter blend of fuel decline in anticipation of replacing them with the summer
blend.

"Second, there have been problems at refineries around the country," Harris
said, such as equipment malfunctions and a fire at a Texas refinery.

Other factors include the price of crude oil, which surged Thursday to a
six-month high of more than $66 a barrel, and the continuing tension in Iraq,
Harris said.

Harris urged motorists to shop around for the cheapest gas, saying prices can
vary widely from station to station.

To find the lowest gas prices in your area, visit http://www.aaa.com/gasprices
or http://www.gasbuddy.com . Also, the California Energy Commission has a number
of gas-saving tips at its Consumer Energy Center,
http://www.consumerenergycenter.org .

Contact Janis Mara at jmara@angnewspapers.com or (510) 208-6468. Read her Energy
Blog at InsideBayArea.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday

Could $4 gas be on the way?

BYLINE: By Janis Mara, BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 598 words


Just in time to mess up weekend getaways, gas prices tied a record high Friday
in the San Francisco metro area -- and the East Bay wasn't far behind.

The average price for a gallon of unleaded gas hit $3.36 -- up 34 cents from a
month ago -- in the San Francisco metro area, which includes San Mateo County,
according to AAA.

In the East Bay, prices jumped to $3.26 per gallon, up 34 cents from a month
ago, and the San Jose area saw prices increase to $3.24 a gallon, up 33 cents in
the last month.

The pain at the pump is particularly acute in California, which has the nation's
highest average gas prices. The Golden State's average price for a gallon of
regular unleaded is $3.23, while the U.S. average is only $2.64.

Prices might continue to increase a penny or two more per gallon as the weeks go
by, according to AAA spokeswoman Cynthia Harris.

Jamie Court, president of consumer advocacy group the Foundation for Taxpayer
and Consumer Rights, was even more pessimistic. "We have record San Francisco
Bay Area prices in March, which means by summer we are heading toward $4 a
gallon, if no one intervenes," Court said.

Drivers around the Bay are all too accustomed to soaring gas prices and the
accompanying hit to the pocketbook. But the increases also herald higher prices
in other areas, such as groceries and other goods, some motorists noted.

"Did I notice that gas prices are up? Did I notice that it rained Monday?" Ross
Pytlik of Livermore asked rhetorically. He said he's concerned because not only
do the increases affect him directly, but "any time raw material or
transportation costs increase, other items are going to go up."

Indeed, "Almost three-quarters of every community in California is served
exclusively by truck. So higher prices of fuel in some trucking sectors will
have an effect on the price of goods in California," said Matt Schrap,
regulatory specialist for the California Trucking Association.

"I take the bus, but gas prices do affect me," said Alechia Robertson, who was
enjoying Friday's sunshine in downtown Oakland with her friend Alyssa Chhan of
Berkeley. "Gas controls everything. Airline tickets and other goods will be
affected."

AAA's Harris agreed, saying, "High gas prices affect the price of food, airfare,
hotels, groceries, clothing -- every kind of merchandise is trucked in from
somewhere. It (higher prices) affects us on every level."

Robertson said she thinks prices have gone up because of instability in the
Middle East. Chhan said she thinks it's supply and demand. According to Harris,
they're both right.

"Refinery inventories are always low this time of year because they are
switching from the winter blend of gas to the cleaner-burning summer blend,"
Harris said. This disrupts supply because refineries let their supplies of the
winter blend of fuel decline in anticipation of replacing them with the summer
blend.

"Second, there have been problems at refineries around the country," Harris
said, such as equipment malfunctions and a fire at a Texas refinery.

Other factors include the price of crude oil, which surged Thursday to a
six-month high of more than $66 a barrel, and the continuing tension in Iraq,
Harris said.

Harris urged motorists to shop around for the cheapest gas, saying prices can
vary widely from station to station.

To find the lowest gas prices in your area, visit http://www.aaa.com/gasprices
or http://www.gasbuddy.com . Also, the California Energy Commission has a number
of gas-saving tips at its Consumer Energy Center,
http://www.consumerenergycenter.org .

Read Janis Mara's Energy Blog at InsideBayArea.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          January 24, 1996, Wednesday

FLOODING WON'T AFFECT INSURANCE COMPANIES

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Insurance companies won't be affected by most of the losses caused by the heavy
flooding that swamped the East last week, because they don't sell flood
insurance, said several industry experts.

But the federal government, which does sell flood insurance, is expected to
receive few claims because most people have not bought the coverage, said Steven
Goldstein, senior vice president at the New York-based Insurance nformation
Institute.

Still, the January blizzard whose meltdown last week caused the flooding from
rising streams will affect the insurance industry.

Losses from the blizzard will cost the insurance industry $ 585 million, said
Gary Kerney, assistant vice president, Property Claim Services of Rahway, N.J.,
which compiles industry loss data.

While the Federal Emergency Management Agency can offer disaster relief in the
form of low-interest loans and grants once President Clinton declares an
emergency, that is unlikely to cover the full extent of the damage, said the
institute's senior vice president and economist Sean Mooney.

''We're assuming most of this will be non-insured or covered by the federal
government," Mr. Mooney said. "The normal (insurance) policy doesn't cover
floods."

Flood insurance is provided through the National Flood Insurance Program, which
is a FEMA agency.

President Clinton declared Pennsylvania a disaster area Sunday after the
flooding killed at least 10 people and forced the evacuation of thousands.

The Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency said the state anticipated more
than $ 70 million of damage to roads, bridges and homes.

In New Jersey, Gov. Christie Whitman said Sunday the state will amend its
application for federal disaster aid to reflect damage from flooding. Maryland
has already asked President Clinton to declare a major disaster. A similar
request is expected from Virginia.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                            Canadean - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 28, 2013

                         American Woodmark Corporation

                               3102 Shawnee Drive
                             Winchester 22601-4208
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
American Woodmark Corporation (American Woodmark) manufactures and distributes
kitchen and bath cabinet products, especially for the remodeling and new home
construction markets. Dominant market position, increase in revenues and wide
product portfolio are the company's key strengths, even though limited
geographic presence and overdependence on limited customers are the areas of
concern. Going forward, the risks associated with volatile prices of raw
materials and rise in manpower costs in the US may impede its business growth.
However, increase in consumer spending in the US and growth in the construction
industry may provide ample growth opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
INCREASE IN REVENUES
American Woodmark delivered impressive top-line performance in FY2011. The
company's total revenue increased by 11.33% on an annual basis, from US$406.54
million in FY2010 to US$452.59 million in FY2011. The increase in revenue was
primarily due to increased market share and shifting of product mix. Strong
top-line performance indicates its strong market position, which may allow
enhancing its operations in coming years.
DOMINANT MARKET POSITION
The company's strong leading position helps it to attract huge customer base and
increase sales. American Woodmark is one of the leading companies, involved in
the manufacturing of kitchen and bath cabinets for the remodeling and new home
construction markets. It sells framed stock cabinets under three major brands:
American Woodmark, Shenandoah Cabinetry, Potomac, and Timberlake in 500
different cabinet lines. American Woodmark's products are sold on a national
basis across the US to the remodeling and new home construction markets. The
company services these markets through three primary channels: home centers,
builders, and independent dealers and distributors. American Woodmark is one of
the largest manufacturers of kitchen cabinets in the US. Such a dominant market
position and recognition helps it in maintaining its leading position in the
industry.
WIDE PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
Strong product portfolio helps to cater to the diverse needs and preferences of
customers and increase its sales. American Woodmark manufactures and distributes
kitchen cabinets and vanities especially for the remodeling and new home
construction markets. The stock cabinet's portfolio comprises 83 door designs in
18 colors. The company sells more than 156 cabinet styles through Timberlake
brand to major home builders, independent dealers, and distributors. Diverse
product portfolio helps to achieve balanced revenue platform.

WEAKNESSES:
RELIANCE ON LIMITED CUSTOMERS
The company's dependence on limited customer base for major portion of its
revenues may affect its result of operations, if any of its key customers reduce
or cancel their order for its products. Although, the company serves a large
customer base, it generated 73.00% of its total revenues from The Home Depot and
Lowe's Companies, Inc. The company's dependence on select customers may affect
its business and result of operations, if it is unable to find alternative
customers for its products and services. Also, this overdependence on select
customers increases the bargaining power of its customers, which in turn may
affect its business operations
LIMITED GEOGRAPHIC PRESENCE
The company's limited geographic presence, confined to the US market may affect
its overall financial performance, if the region experiences any political and
economical downturns. Although the company has strong market position in the US
with manufacturing facilities and distribution activities, but lack of
international presence may impede its customer reach and revenues on a global
scale.

OPPORTUNITIES:
GROWTH IN CONSTRUCTION MARKET
The company may benefit with the growing construction market in the world,
especially in the US. According to Global Construction Perspectives and Oxford
Economics, global construction is expected to grow by 67.00% from US$7.20
trillion in 2011 to US$12.00 trillion in 2020, of which China, India and the US
will generate 54.00% of the US$4.80 trillion increase in global construction
output. The US construction market is expected to invest US$14.50 trillion by
2020. Also, the US residential construction will be boosted by growth in its
320.00 million population, marking it out from many other developed countries.
Such growth prospects in residential construction support the company's kitchen
and bath cabinet operations.
INCREASE IN CONSUMER SPENDING IN THE US
The company may be benefited from the increase in consumer spending in the US.
According to a recent report by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA),
though the personal income (PI) and the disposable personal income (DPI)
decreased by 0.10% and less than 0.10%, respectively, in August 2011 compared
with July 2011, the personal consumption expenditures (PCE) increased by US$
22.70 billion or 0.20%. Similarly, compared to the preceding month of May 2011,
PI rose by US$17.10 billion or 0.10% and DPI increased by US$14.40 billion or
0.10%, while PCE increased by US$76.60 billion or 0.70%, in July 2011. An
increasing trend is observed in the previous months as well. In May 2011, PI in
the US increased by 0.30% or US$36.20 billion, and DPI increased by 0.20% or US$
29.20 billion, in comparison with April 2011. Additionally, PCE increased by US$
4.60 billion for the same period. PI, DPI and PCE have been consistently
increasing every month in the US since October 2010. The company may witness
increase sales volumes as a result of increase in income and spending.

THREATS:
RISE IN MANPOWER COSTS
Increasing manpower costs may have an adverse affect on the retailers, such as
Nu Skin. The tight labor markets, government mandated increases in minimum wages
and a higher proportion of full-time employees are resulting in an increase in
labor costs. The federal minimum wage provisions are contained in the Fair Labor
Standards Act (FLSA). The minimum wage rate in the US, which remained at US$5.15
per hour since 1997 reached US$6.55 per hour in July 2008, and further increased
to US$7.45 per hour in July 2010. In addition, the minimum wage rates have
crossed or are nearer to US$8.00 per hour in several states such as Washington,
California, District of Colombia, Oregon and Massachusetts. Furthermore, the
state minimum wages in Arizona, Colorado, Montana, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and
Washington have increased between nine cents and 12 cents, in 2011. Also, eight
states including Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Montana, Ohio, Oregon, Vermont and
Washington, increased the minimum wages by 28 to 37 cents, taking the hourly
wage between US$7.64 and US$9.04, effective from January 1, 2012. Significant
proportion of workers in the retail sector, fall under the purview of minimum
wages. Any such rise in the minimum wages increases the operating costs of
retailers such as American Woodmark has an adverse affect on their profits.
VOLATILE PRICES OF RAW MATERIALS
The price fluctuations and non-availability of the raw materials may have a
material effect on the production costs and further down the line on the
operations of the company. American Woodmark uses various raw materials such as
maple, oak, cherry and hickory lumber. It also uses additional raw materials
such as paint, particle board, manufactured components, and hardware, which
account for a significant share of the company's total cost of goods sold. Due
to the increase in the commodity price the cost of raw materials and energy have
also increased. In addition, the company is dependent on outside suppliers and
does not have long term contracts with its key suppliers. The price fluctuations
and non-availability of these raw materials may have a material effect on the
product cost and further the operations of the company.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

MALLOY PAUSES HOSPITAL MERGERS;
MOVE AFFECTS LARGEST MEDICAL CENTERS;
HEALTH CARE

BYLINE:  MARA LEE, maralee@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 811 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD --


Gov. Dannel P. Malloy has placed a moratorium on some hospital mergers until
Jan. 15, 2017, pointing to concerns about the quality and cost for consumers as
health care grows more consolidated.

The governor's executive order applies to cases in which a smaller hospital
would be joining a hospital system that accounts for more than 20 percent of the
state's total hospital operating revenue. This would affect recent affiliations
proposed by Hartford HealthCare and Yale New Haven Hospital System. Malloy's
action Thursday also creates a task force to study regulation of the health care
industry.

"With continuing changes in the health care industry, it is critical that our
state laws ensure that all hospitals continue to thrive, and that the deck is
not stacked in favor of fewer than a handful that dominate the marketplace,"
Malloy said. "We need balance. Fewer health care systems mean fewer choices for
consumers, and that can dramatically affect both the quality of care and costs.
It's time we take a holistic look at the acquisition process."

The Connecticut Hospital Association said it had "grave concerns" about Malloy's
action, especially as it relates to mergers that are underway.

"Hospital integration is part of a shift to adjust to health care sector
changes, including the impact of health care reform. Health care reform requires
hospitals to find new strategies to reduce the cost of care by operating as
efficiently as possible while providing excellent, integrated quality care," the
association said in a statement.

The moratorium directly affects the pending affiliation between Yale-New Haven
Hospital and Lawrence + Memorial in New London, which is under review by the
state Office of Health Care Access, which is part of the state Department of
Public Health.

Despite the strict deadlines for action on hospital acquisitions, provisions in
Malloy's action Thursday could force rejection of the Lawrence + Memorial and
Yale-New Haven affiliation.

Vin Petrini, a spokesman for Yale-New Haven, said officials are not sure that
Malloy's order will require the state to reject the affiliation with Lawrence +
Memorial.

"That's one of the sections we're looking at very carefully. We've got to study
to truly understand the implications of that," he said, but at a minimum, the
order seems to seriously delay a determination.

He said that's concerning, because smaller hospitals such as Charlotte
Hungerford, Manchester Memorial and Lawrence + Memorial are seeking affiliations
with larger health care systems so that they can maintain access to care in
their communities. Torrington-based Charlotte Hungerford announced Thursday it
would like to join Hartford HealthCare.

The union that represents the majority of unionized hospital workers in the
region opposes the Lawrence + Memorial merger with Yale.

The order would not affect the acquisition of St. Mary's Hospital in Waterbury
by the Trinity-New England Health Care system, the parent company of St.
Francis. That's because Trinity's holdings, even with St. Mary's and with
Johnson Memorial in Stafford, do not meet the 20 percent threshold.

It would also not impact the proposed purchase of the parent of Manchester
Memorial and Rockville General hospitals by Prospect Medical Holdings.

Petrini said that because the moratorium treats Trinity and Prospect differently
from Hartford HealthCare and Yale-New Haven, it may be giving an advantage to
out-of-state players.

"One of the things that we're concerned about is that it seems to
disproportionately impact Connecticut's own health care systems," he said.

During the moratorium, a task force will also be examining the state regulation
of hospital systems, which covers not just acquisitions, but also discontinuing
services, adding services and buying equipment.

The task force will see if there are any gaps in the state regulations that
hinder the state's ability to promote "affordability, equitable access and high
quality care," or that hinder the state's ability to "maintain fair, open and
competitive health care market conditions."

The task force will be led by Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman and will include three other
members of the administration, as well as hospital administrators, an
independent physicians group, a nursing home administrator, health insurers,
labor union representatives, a health economist, a consumer advocate and
representatives of other businesses that are regulated that aren't a doctors'
group, nursing home or hospital.

Petrini said it would be premature to speculate whether Yale might withdraw its
application until the reform of the regulatory regime is complete in 2017.

"We're trying to follow a regulatory process that has just taken a right turn,"
he said. "We still want to understand the ramifications."

Charlotte Hungerford Hospital in Torrington is exploring a merger with Hartford
HealthCare.

Business, A7

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                          ICD Research - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 27, 2013

                     American Electric Power Company, Inc.

                               1 Riverside Plaza
                                 Columbus 43215
                                     Other

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW
American Electric Power Company, Inc. is an integrated energy company. Strong
top-line performance, market leadership, and assets are the key strengths of the
company, even as decrease in bottom-line performance, lawsuit, and
overdependence on retail electricity providers remain major concern areas. Going
forward, risks associated with compliance with environmental regulations,
nuclear generation risk, and impact of weather conditions may affect its
business operations. However, growing prospects for wind energy, construction of
natural gas plant, and focus on metering technology will provide ample growth
opportunities for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:
STRONG TOP-LINE PERFORMANCE
AEP delivered impressive top-line performance during the FY2010. The company's
total revenue increased by 6.95% from US$13,489 million in the FY2009 to US$
14,427 million in the FY2010. Also, the company's revenue grew at a CAGR of
3.38% during 2006-2010. This was above its nearest competitor Atlantic Power
Corporation's average 1.12. This increase in revenue was principally due to US$
49 million increase of advanced metering costs in Texas and US$138 million
increase in the recovery of E&R costs in Virginia. Strong top-line performance
helps the company to maintain its position in the market, and increase its
investors' confidence.
MARKET LEADERSHIP
The company's market leading position helps it to attract a huge customer base,
ensuring strong top-line performance. AEP is one of the largest generators of
electricity in the US. It is one of the nation's largest investor owned
utilities serving more than 5.3 million customers across 11 states of the US.
Its service territory covers 200,000 square miles in Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas,
Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Virginia and West
Virginia. It has one of the world's largest transmission and distribution
systems to serve its customers. The company has 39, 000 miles of transmission
lines and 216,000 miles of distribution lines. AEP is also one of the nation's
leading wholesale energy marketers and traders. In addition, it is one of the
North America's top providers of wholesale natural gas with growing presence in
European markets. Such a strong position in the market provides a competitive
edge over its peers.
STRONG NETWORK BASE
The company's strong network base helps it to reach wide customer base. AEP is
one of the largest generators of electricity in the US, owning a total of 38,000
MW generating capacity. Its public utility subsidiaries include APCo, CSPCo,
I&M, KPCo, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo, TNC and AEGCo. In addition, it owns Desert Sky
Wind Farm and Trent Wind Farm with a total capacity of 160.5 MW and 150 MW,
respectively. AEP also owns the nation's largest electricity transmission system
with 39,000 mile network, including 765 kilovolt extra-high voltage transmission
lines. The company owns around 216,000 miles of overhead and underground
distribution lines. AEP's transmission system directly or indirectly serves 10%
of the electricity demand in the Eastern Interconnection, the interconnected
transmission system, which covers 38 Eastern and Central US states and Eastern
Canada, and 11% of the electricity demand in ERCOT, the transmission system that
covers much of Texas. Furthermore, the company controls over 9,000 rail cars;
owns and operates 3,300 barges, 62 towboats and 29 harbor boats. It operates a
coal-handling terminal with 18 million tons of capacity and consumes around 73
million tons of coal annually. As of December 31, 2010, the assets utilized in
the generation and marketing segment included 310 MW of company-owned domestic
wind power facilities, 177 MW of domestic wind power from long-term purchase
power agreements and 377 MW of coal-fired capacity acquired from TNC, under
agreement, effective through 2027. AEP's strong network and capacity base,
places it in a position to overcome stiff competition.

WEAKNESSES:
DECREASE IN BOTTOM-LINE PERFORMANCE
Decline in bottom-line performance is an area of concern for the company. The
company's operating profit decreased from US$2,771 million in the FY2009 to US$
2,663 million in the FY2010. In addition, its net income decreased by 10.73%
from US$1,360 million in the FY2009 to US$1,214 million in the FY2010. Weak
bottom-line performance may affect the company's ability to pursue its growth
and expansion plans, aggressively.
LAWSUIT
Lawsuits filed against APE may affect its bottom-line performance. The company
has been a defendant in several lawsuits and also filed lawsuits against other
parties to safeguard its market position. If the ruling goes against the
company, its performance may suffer. For instance, in February 2011, the company
reached a settlement with Bank of America (BOA) and paid US$425 million in full
settlement of all claims. It also received a title of 55 BCF of cushion gas in
the Bammel storage facility as part of the settlement. Pursuing and defending
lawsuits such as these may inflate its expenditures and may affect its brand
image in the marketplace.
OVERDEPENDENCE ON RETAIL ELECTRICITY PROVIDERS
The company's overdependence on retail electricity providers (REP) may affect
its results of operations. AEP supplies electricity to retail distributors in
the ERCOT area of Texas. The company carries out its business with the help of
100 REP's. In the FY2010, AEP's largest and second largest customers accounted
for 25% and 16% of its operating revenues respectively. Any unfavorable economic
condition or structural problems in the Texas market or financial difficulties
of one or more REPs damages the ability of other REPs to pay for the company's
services and also leads to delay in payments. The company's overdependence on
REPs for timely remittance of payments and any default in the payment adversely
affects the cash flows, which in turn affect its business operations.

OPPORTUNITIES:
INCREASING DEMAND FOR RENEWABLE ENERGY
In the power generation business the company can explore opportunities in the
new or alternative energy sector. The company has various generation plants in
the pipeline. In 2009, the company entered into a long term power purchase
agreement to purchase all of the output of a 10.08 MW solar energy facility of
Wyandot Solar LLC, a subsidiary of juwi solar Inc. The company proposes to build
it in Salem Township, Wyandot County, Ohio. The construction of this solar
facility is expected to be put into commercial operation by mid-summer 2010. In
addition, the company made proposals seeking long term purchases of up to 1,100
MW of additional renewable energy resources as part of its goal in adding up to
2,000 MW of new wind or other renewable energy by the end of 2011. This focus on
renewable energy usage would add diversity and low-cost energy to the company's
power supply portfolio.
CONSTRUCTION OF NATURAL GAS PLANT
The company's new gas plant will expand its market presence. In January 2011,
AEP completed construction of new natural gas plant, Dresden in Ohio, the US. As
part of its expansion strategy, in 2007, AEP purchased this partially completed
plant through its subsidiary AEP Generating Company from Dresden Energy LLC.
Dresden is a 580-megawatt natural gas-fired combined-cycle plant and is expected
to start its operations during the first quarter of 2012. This plant will
provide cost effective solutions that meet the demand and energy needs of its
customers. Also, Dresden plant will help AEP to meet the growing demand in
eastern states of the US.
GROWTH PROSPECTS FOR WIND ENERGY
High commodity prices, depleting conventional sources for generating
electricity, increased electricity demand and global climatic changes have
resulted in a considerable increase in the demand for sustainable solutions. The
company's potential for wind power generation is high in coastal and mountainous
areas. According to industry analysts, the Global electricity generation
contribution from wind is expected to increase from 0.6% in 2006 to 2.4% by
2030. Furthermore, it is expected that the cumulative installed capacity for
wind power generation may grow from 94,005MW in 2007 to 287,940MW by 2012. The
company, being a leading provider of electricity, it can capitalize on the
growing wide market, which in turn can drive its top-line performance.

THREATS:
COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS
The company's operations related to the generation and sale of power are subject
to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and
regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural
resources and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements,
requires AEP to make significant capital investments towards environmental
monitoring, installation of pollution control equipment, emission fees and
permits at all of its facilities. With an increasing emphasis by environmental
advocacy groups, other organizations and some agencies in the US, there is a
stronger focus on reduction of CO2 emissions from power generation facilities.
Costs of compliance with environmental regulations may adversely affect its
results of operations and financial position, especially if emission and
discharge limits are tightened, and more extensive permitting requirements are
imposed, additional substances become regulated or the number and types of
assets it operates increase.
NUCLEAR GENERATION RISK
Through I&M, AEP owns the Cook Plant which consists of two nuclear generating
units for a rated capacity of 2,191 MW, accounting for 8% to 9% of its
generation capacity. It is imperative for Nuclear generation plants to adhere to
strict regulations and these plants are exposed to significant risks. This
includes the potentially harmful effects on the environment and human health
resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and
disposal of radioactive materials such as spent nuclear fuel; limitations on the
amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might
arise in connection with its nuclear operations; uncertainties with respect to
contingencies and assessment amounts if insurance coverage is inadequate; and
uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of
decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives. With an
unfavorable outcome associated with nuclear power generation, the company may
have to face unprecedented liabilities and expenses which may materially affect
its revenues and earnings.
IMPACT OF WEATHER CONDITIONS
Weather has a material impact on the electric utility companies. Generally,
extremes of temperature is good for electric utilities because they force
customers to run either air conditioners or heaters. While mild weather on the
other hand results in fewer heating or cooling days which may lead to lower
electrical demand and lower revenue for the companies. It is difficult to
predict the weather patterns in future. As a result, the overall operating
results of AEP in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.
Unseasonably mild weather in the future may reduce the revenues, net income,
available cash and borrowing ability of the company.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

High Point annexation could affect Davidson County

BYLINE: Wil Petty, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 756 words


March 31--The bill was introduced by Rep. John Faircloth, R-Guilford, who
previously served on the High Point City Council and was the city's former
police chief. The other primary sponsor of the bill is Rep. Cecil Brockman,
D-Guilford.

"This is a requested bill from the High Point (City) Council, and if passed just
as it's written now, it could apply to all of the doughnut holes that might be
within the city limits, no matter which county they were in," Faircloth said.
"However, that is not the intent as I understand it."

According to the bill, the city can involuntarily annex "if the total area to be
annexed is completely surrounded by the city's primary corporate limits," which
is known as a doughnut hole.

Faircloth said the city's main intention was to designate which areas of High
Point, mostly within Guilford County, are surrounded by the city limits and have
not been brought in.

"I just wrote a bill that enables the city to get started on the project," he
said.

Jeron Hollis, communications officer for the City of High Point, said there is
no official map showing the affected areas within the four counties in which
High Point's city limits fall, but one would be produced by the city's planning
department soon.

"The issue with the legislation, it's still in its early stages, and nothing is
official yet," he said. "We have not created any maps, not yet, that have
specific locations. From just eyeballing it, there looks like there could be one
or two areas that could be considered as a 'doughnut hole' (in Davidson County),
but we haven't prepared any official maps on that yet."

The City of High Point, while mostly in Guilford County, also extends into
portions of Davidson, Forsyth and Randolph counties.

In 2012, the N.C. General Assembly approved legislation where any city with the
majority of its population residing in a neighboring county that wanted to annex
into Davidson County had to seek approval from the Davidson County Board of
Commissioners. Last week, the commissioners denied a voluntary annexation
request by a restaurant into the City of Winston-Salem.

Fred Baggett, former High Point City attorney who lobbies for the community in
Raleigh, said he would have to look into which doughnut holes would apply to
Davidson County, and if there were any then that issue would have to be
addressed.

"I don't know if there are any doughnuts in Davidson County. I didn't even ask,
but we need to find out," he said. "If there are, it doesn't mean that the bill
needs to apply to all doughnut holes."

Guy Cornman, planning director for the county, said Davidson County has not
discussed what action it will take regarding the potential legislation.

"I haven't had the opportunity to talk to the board of commissioners about the
annexation bill," Cornman said. "We really haven't formulated an opinion on that
yet. We haven't made any formal positions on it as of yet."

Cornman said he will need to speak to county manager Robert Hyatt and the
commissioners to decide what direction to take regarding the bill.

Hollis said there are several portions of the city limits on which officials are
focusing.

"One of the things that was key with a lot of areas with the doughnut holes is
there is confusion providing services," he said.

For instance, one side of a road may be in High Point city limits and served by
the city's police department, while across the street the jurisdiction belongs
to a county.

"Those type of things get mixed up and create unique situations you wouldn't
have without (doughnut holes)," Hollis said. "From the resident standpoint, it's
the issue of coming into the city limits and being a part of city taxes and
receiving all the services the city provides."

Hollis said city leaders requested the annexation bill when representatives from
the Guilford County delegation in the N.C. General Assembly spoke with High
Point's government.

Faircloth said he expects the bill will be changed before going to a vote and
believes there will be some opposition.

"I'm sure there will be some people who are against annexation in general and
may vote against it, so we'll just have to take it as we go," he said. "A lot of
it depends on what the final bill will be once it gets to the floor, because I
expect it to be a little more restricted."

Wil Petty can be reached at 249-3981, ext. 227, or at wil.petty@the-dispatch.com
Follow Wil on Twitter: @WilPettyLexDis

___ (c)2015 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150331-1LN-High-Point-annexation-could-affect
-Davidson-County-0331-20150331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2015 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Closed Hubbard exit ramp affects busineses

BYLINE: Tom Mcparland, Vindicator, Youngstown, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


Feb. 12--HUBBARD -- The exit ramp from Interstate 80 west to U.S. Route 62 in
Hubbard is expected to reopen Friday evening, but the nearly two-week closure
has caused headaches for surrounding businesses, which Tuesday reported
increased congestion, delivery problems and a decline in patronage.

The closure was the result of a $130,000 project to repair the I-80 bridge over
Route 62, which was struck by a large vehicle about a year ago, said Ohio
Department of Transportation spokesman Brent Kovacs.

Forest City Erectors, a Cleveland-area contractor, went to work under ODOT
supervision Feb. 3, and the exit ramp was shut down the following day because of
safety concerns due to the project's proximity to the exit, Kovacs said.

The Route 62 exit is the first for I-80 westbound in Ohio, and its closure has
impacted nearby businesses that depend on trucks and travelers to bring in
business from out of state.

Tim Schubert, general manager at the Truck World Inc. complex just north of the
exit, estimated that business has been down by about 60 percent since last
Tuesday.

"Anybody going westbound cannot stop in," he said. "They would have to go down
to the next exit, turn around and come back. And they're not going to do that."

Ohio's relatively low price of gas compared with Pennsylvania usually makes
Truck World the first stop for drivers crossing the state line, he said. But the
closure has forced those would-be customers to stop off at later exits, instead.

"Somebody's benefiting from this, and it's not us," Schubert said.

For John Keller, owner of Trans-Gear Inc., the repair project has been more of
an "inconvenience" than anything. He said his truck-parts and service business,
located just south of the overpass, has had to wait longer for supplies to be
delivered from Pennsylvania.

"For Pennsylvania trucking companies, we used to be their first stop," he said.
"Now we're not getting that until the end of the day."

"There's no warning in Pennsylvania that this exit is closed," he said. "It's
just poorly marked."

Rick Jugenheimer, president of Jugenheimer Industrial Supplies Inc. on the north
side of I-80, said his company has fared better. Jugenheimer doesn't rely on
walk-in customers for a majority of the business, and he said he hasn't heard
any complaints from his customers or drivers.

He has, however, noticed southbound traffic backing up on Route 62, as the road
narrows to just one lane at the bridge.

"People are still pretty friendly," Jugenheimer said. "If you pull up there,
they'll let you out. So it's not too bad."

ODOT's Kovacs said the westbound exit ramp is scheduled to reopen about 5 p.m.
Friday, but the repair project will not be completed until the weather improves
and Forrest City Erectors is able to return and finish painting the bridge.

"It's hard to say" whether those final touches would trigger another closure,
but that decision would be left to the contractor, he said.

___ (c)2014 Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) Visit Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) at
www.vindy.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140212-YU-Closed-Hubbard-exit-ramp-affects-busineses-0212-20140212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YU


                           Copyright 2014 Vindicator


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 4, 2013 Monday

Flu season, weather may affect hospitalization rates

BYLINE: Vanessa Renderman, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


March 04--With a busier than usual flu season coming to a close, hospitals are
emerging from peak occupancy times and preparing for spring.

Occupancy spikes come during flu season, especially when hospitalization is
required for those with other health conditions, such as heart disease.
Hospitals experience peaks late in the year as people schedule procedures after
meeting insurance deductibles, said Marla Hoyer-Lareau, vice president of
patient services at Franciscan St. Margaret Health hospitals in Dyer and
Hammond.

On an average day, the Franciscan hospitals are busiest between 3 and 5 p.m.,
because people are waiting to be discharged and new people are being admitted,
Hoyer-Lareau said.

"The lowest census tends to be at midnight," she said.

Franciscan St. Anthony Health hospital in Crown Point has 250 operating beds;
Franciscan St. Anthony Health hospital in Michigan City has 172 operating beds;
Franciscan St. Margaret Health hospital in Dyer has 258 operating beds; and
Franciscan St. Margaret Health hospital in Hammond has 209 operating beds.

"Operating beds" are beds ready for patients, or the number of beds that are
available to admit to.

Excluding nurseries, in Franciscan hospitals during 2012, the Crown Point
hospital experienced an average occupancy rate of 52 percent; the Michigan City
hospital average was 45 percent; the Dyer hospital average was 50 percent; and
the Hammond hospital average was 59 percent.

At the Michigan City hospital, daily census spikes are managed by opening and
closing a six-room emergency department annex, said Trish Weber, vice president
of operations and chief nursing officer.

Methodist Hospitals has 340 beds combined at its campuses in Gary and
Merrillville. The typical, average daily census about 87 percent, said Matt
Doyle, CFO of Methodist Hospitals.

"This was an extremely busy winter season for us and an extremely busy flu
season," Doyle said.

Beds are filling up faster at the Gary and Merrillville facilities as the health
care system grows.

That growth spurt is happening in the Community Healthcare System as well,
according to spokeswoman Elise Sims. Upcoming construction will increase their
number of beds, she said.

Community Hospital in Munster has 427 beds, St. Mary Medical Center in Hobart
has 205 beds and St. Catherine Hospital in East Chicago has 182 beds. Occupancy
numbers fluctuate on a daily basis, Sims said.

Porter Regional Hospital has seen a bump in patients since relocating in August
to the corner of U.S. 6 and Ind. 49 in Liberty Township. The location puts it
closer to more expressways, drawing a broader patient base, Porter Health Care
System CEO Jonathan Nalli said.

"We're getting a lot more patient flow from Lake County and from LaPorte
County," he said.

Hospital officials already are planning for growth, two years earlier than
anticipated. Porter has 239 beds and 38 beds in procedural areas. Occupancy
varies, Nalli said.

___ (c)2013 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130304-MU-Flu-season-weather-may-affect
-hospitalization-rates-0304-20130304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2013 The Times


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 20, 2011 Sunday

Thunder changes not expected to affect Indiana

BYLINE: David A. Mann, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 535 words


Feb. 20--JEFFERSONVILLE -- It's pretty exact and there won't be a whole lot of
changes this year.

That's the word from local officials as plans are being made for Thunder Over
Louisville in April. Officials with the Kentucky Derby Festival, the
organization that oversees the annual airshow and firework spectacle, announced
earlier this month that one of the show's most popular viewing areas in
Louisville --  the north great lawn at Waterfront Park -- would be open only to
those donning a Pegasus Pin that costs about $5.

Officials on this side of the Ohio River don't expect a major influx of viewers
into the Hoosier state because of the move.

Jeffersonville Police Capt. Don Grimes said it was briefly discussed among
members of a city Thunder committee, but no changes are being made in the police
protection, road blocks and other measures in place.

"If it sends 1,000 or 2,000 more people, will we even notice. It could fluctuate
with the weather that much anyway. We're full-bore no matter what," he said,
noting that every officer in the city, plus extra help from state and federal
authorities are in the area for the day.

Grimes estimates that about 150,000 pack the Indiana side of the river in
Jeffersonville during the event.

The biggest difference in the city this year will be a concert on the
RiverStage, near the corner of Riverside Drive and Spring Street. The Louisville
Crashers are playing a show -- a first for the floating venue during Thunder.

The story is much the same in Clarksville.

"Pretty much, we've got it down to a science," said Clarksville Police Chief
Dwight Ingle.

Ashland Park is always a popular spot and police will be applying the same
traffic procedures as in past years. Even if the Louisville change drives more
to Clarksville, he said the event is not as popular as it used to be in the
1990s.

"Last couple years, this crowd has gone down and down," he said. Ingle noted
that it was a great event for families but many get aggravated with the traffic
and crowds, despite the police's best efforts.

Attempts to reach Kentucky Derby officials were unsuccessful Friday.

According to The Evening News' newsgathering partner WLKY-TV, festival officials
went before members of the Louisville Metro Council last week sighting security
concerns as the reason behind the Pegasus Pin charge.

"This area was becoming unruly and also, there was -- I'll use the term 'land
rush,'" Mike Berry, executive director of the Kentucky Derby Festival, told the
council committee.

Spectators have become too territorial, he said, noting that extras such as
fencing and beefed-up security will cost about $20,000. Officials said a crowd
of about 50,000 people will likely pack the north Great Lawn.

The lawn represents about 10 percent of the total Thunder viewing area on the
Kentucky side of the river, WLKY reported.

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2011, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110220-JB-Thunder-changes-not-expected-to-affect-Indiana-0220-20110220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2011 The Evening News and The Tribune


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 1, 2011 Tuesday

Health care ruling may affect Tyler hospital's case

BYLINE: Dayna Worchel, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


Feb. 01--An attorney representing a Tyler physician-owned hospital in a federal
lawsuit is hopeful Monday's ruling from a Florida U.S. district judge would mean
Texas Spine and Joint Hospital could move forward with plans to expand.

U.S. Judge Roger Vinson in Pensacola, Fla., declared all parts of President
Barack Obama administration's health care law unconstitutional, siding with 26
states that sued to block it, including Texas.

"The Florida federal court has declared the Patient Protection and Affordable
Care Act to be unconstitutional in its entirety," Scott Oostdyk, the Virginia
attorney for Texas Spine and Joint Hospital, said on Monday. Obama signed the
legislation into law in March.

"Section 6001 of that law bars expansion by only one type of hospital -- those
that are physician-owned. We are hopeful that the Florida decision will stop the
enforcement by the federal government of all unconstitutional limitations on
hospital expansion, and Physician's Hospital Association will seek that relief
in the courts," Oostdyk said.

Oostdyk said the Physician's Hospital Association and its attorneys will
continue to analyze the ruling "and our various options for moving forward."

Vinson agreed with the states involved in the suit that the new law violates
people's rights by forcing them to buy health insurance by 2014 or face
penalties, according to The Associated Press.

He went a step further than a previous ruling against the law, declaring the
entire thing unconstitutional if the insurance requirement does not hold up.

At issue is the ability of the Texas Spine and Joint Hospital in Tyler to
continue with its expansion plans as a physician-owned hospital that accepts
Medicare patients. Section 6001 of the national health care legislation
prohibits physician-owned Medicare hospitals from expanding as of March 23.

Dr. Mike Russell, Physician Hospitals of America president and Spine and Joint
Hospital partner said in June that Section 6001 "prevents us from meeting our
patients' needs and from proceeding with our expansion needs."

In September, Russell said the hospital has spent several years and $2 million
to $3 million pursuing the expansion, and since March 23, has been unable to
proceed with those plans.

The $37 million expansion, which has won zone approval for an additional 20
Medicare beds, would add three operating rooms, three procedure rooms and 20
additional patient rooms. The expansion also would add and renovate parking to
create a total of 359 spaces.

To see more of the Tyler Morning Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to www.tylerpaper.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110201-TY-Health-Care-Ruling-May-Affect-Tyler-Hospital-s-Case-20110201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2011 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

USPS downsizing won't affect local offices

BYLINE: Adam Smith, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 832 words


Jan. 26--In an effort to cut staggering operational costs, the United States
Postal Service is examining shuttering up to 2,000 facilities, but that decision
won't likely be felt locally.

An article published in the Wall Street Journal earlier this week reported that
2,000 post offices may close, but a USPS spokesman said the situation is not
that dire.

"The Wall Street Journal didn't get their vocabulary right," said Joseph
Breckenridge of the USPS. "What they should have said was 2,000 stations and
branches."

The WSJ reported that beginning in March, the USPS will close up to 2,000 post
offices, on top of the 491 it said it would close at the end of last year. The
paper said that it was also examining closing another 16,000 facilities -- half
the of the nation's existing post offices -- that are operating at a deficit.

Breckenridge said some branches and stations in Alabama would instead undergo
Delivery Unit Optimization, a process that will consolidate back room operations
and save money. He said those operation cutbacks may save $10,000 to $40,000 per
year at each selected facility, though none are in Limestone County.

He said the difference in a post office and a branch or station is size and
retail capability. He said though Huntsville is a main post office, it relies on
many satellite branches and stations throughout the community to process and
deliver mail.

"We are looking to make do with fewer stations and branches," Breckenridge said.
"We were at one point considering (closing) one of the stations (in Huntsville),
but it was not practical to move forward. When we dug into it, the amount of
growth in that area would have made it a bad thing to do."

A station on Wynn Drive in Huntsville was on a USPS closure list in 2009, but
the facility remains open. However, stations in Tuscaloosa and Montgomery are on
a closure list this year.

Despite declining sales figures, the Athens Post Office on West Market Street
will not be affected by USPS downsizing. Postmaster Gary Beams, who has been
with the USPS for 32 years and served as postmaster in Athens since October
2004, said the Athens facility is constantly working to improve service for its
customers.

He said a satellite location at Railroad Bazaar has helped the Athens Post
Office because it gives customers another retail outlet.

"They do good business there and it helps us out because it reduces the number
of people waiting in line here," Beams said. "Before they got the contract, we
had people lined up out the door constantly."

In 2010, the Athens location had retail sales of $2,451,000, down 5.6 percent
from 2009. The post office has 8,957 customers within the city limits and 14,234
it serves in rural Limestone County. The post office also rents out about 1,363
P.O. boxes, which range in price from $22 per month to a larger box that rents
for $250 per year.

"(Our sales) topped out several years ago," Beams said. "We're just like all the
other postal services that have declined as other media has become available."

Breckenridge said the rise of the Internet, coupled with government regulation,
have played a part in the USPS's financial woes. The postal service lost about
$8.5 billion last year.

"We're going to have to make some changes because the Internet is eating us
alive," he said. "Our volume continues to go down and we have enormous fixed
costs."

In 2006, Congress passed a measure requiring the USPS to pay retiree health
benefits in advance, as opposed to paying them in increments.

"They're projecting way down the road and saying, 'We figure you're going to owe
us $70 billion and we'd like our money now,'" Breckenridge said.

He said the USPS is trying to communicate with Congress as to what the
consequences would be for doing nothing to help the postal service. And though
the USPS has already cut spending through attrition and raised rates, it still
had to borrow $12 billion from the government.

Breckenridge said in 2005, the USPS had zero debt, but the congressional
measures on retiree health, combined with annual payments of $2.5 billion to the
Office of Personnel Management put the postal service into a revenue tailspin.
He said Congress could help the USPS by freeing up restrictions that aren't
placed on similar couriers.

"We need more flexibility in managing the operation. They mandate us to operate
as a business, but our hands are tied in ways that other couriers are not and
they enjoy freedoms that we don't have," he said. "We're not asking for the moon
or to be released from our universal obligations."

Attempts to obtain comments from Congressman Mo Brooks, R-Huntsville, on the
matter were unsuccessful Tuesday.

To see more of The News Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enewscourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110126-XN-USPS-downsizing-won-t-affect-local-offices-20110126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2011 The News Courier


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Washington: NOMINATION OF MICHELLE T. FRIEDLAND TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT
JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT--Continued

LENGTH: 12473  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Congress has issued the following proceedings and debate details:


The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President,
I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from North Carolina and I be allowed to
engage in a colloquy for 20 minutes, and following that the Senator from Iowa be
recognized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

Student Athletes Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the Senator from North Carolina
and I were both involved in intercollegiate athletics. He was a scholarship
athlete at Wake Forest University and I was a nonscholarship track person at
Vanderbilt University several years before that. We are here today to make a few
comments on the recent ruling by a regional director of the National Labor
Relations Board that defines student athletes as employees of the university. It
affects only private universities for now--not the University of Tennessee. But
it would affect Wake Forest, where the Senator from North Carolina was an
outstanding football player, and it would affect Vanderbilt, where I attended. I
guess our message to the NCAA and intercollegiate athletes is: We hope they will
understand the opinion of one regional director of the National Labor Relations
Board is not the opinion of the entire Federal Government. That is the message I
would like to deliver. I would refer back--and then I will go to the Senator
from North Carolina--to 25 years ago, when I was the president of the University
of Tennessee, and I was asked to serve on the Knight Commission on
Intercollegiate Athletics. It was headed by the president of North Carolina,
Bill Friday, and the head of Notre Dame, Father Hesburgh--a pretty distinguished
group of individuals from around the country--to take a look at intercollegiate
athletics. The major conclusion they came to was that presidents need to assert
more institutional control over athletics. But here is something that this group
of university presidents and others emphasized. They said: We reject the
argument that the only realistic solution to the problem [of intercollegiate
athletics]-- And there have always been some-- is to drop the student-athlete
concept, put athletes on the payroll, and reduce or even eliminate their
responsibilities as students. Such a scheme has nothing to do with education,
the purpose for which colleges and universities exist. Scholarship athletes are
already paid in the most meaningful way possible: with a free education. The
idea of intercollegiate athletics is that the teams represent their institutions
as true members of the student body, not as hired hands. Surely American higher
education has the ability to devise a better solution to the problems of
intercollegiate athletics than making professionals out of the players, which is
no solution at all but rather an unacceptable surrender to despair. This was the
Knight Commission 25 years ago. I would ask the Senator from North Carolina,
does he not think that while there may be some issues with intercollegiate
athletics--and we could talk about what some of those are--that unionization of
intercollegiate athletics is not the solution to the problem? Mr. BURR. Let me
say to my good friend, the Senator from Tennessee-- who not only was a walk-on
track member at Vanderbilt, but was the president of the University of
Tennessee, the Governor of Tennessee, the Secretary of Education, and now is a
Senator--his credentials allow him to say whatever he wants to on this issue
with a degree of knowledge. It was Teddy Roosevelt who identified the challenge
of college football, and through his attempt to get Harvard and Yale and a
couple of other universities to address the risk, the NCAA was created. The
amazing thing to Senator Alexander and myself is that we have this governing
body today that by all practical observations has done a great job of regulating
college sports. It is the reason we have fabulous playoffs. It is the reason we
have integrity in the scholarship system. But, more importantly, it is the
reason we have top-quality athletes who go into these schools, where less than 1
percent become pros. Ninety-nine percent of them are reliant on a great
education for a fabulous outcome in life. To do anything that changes the
balance of what they have been able to create is ludicrous and I think what
troubles me, and I think it troubles Senator Alexander. These are not some
misguided college football players. This is the United Steelworkers. Let me say
that again because I do not think people understand it. This is the United
Steelworkers who have put up the money so that these players from Northwestern
would go to the NLRB and say: We want to unionize at Northwestern University.
Well, on the face of it, it creates a great inequity between public and private
schools, where we have a governing body that tries to make this process as
equitable as it can. But let me make this point: If you want to drive the rest
of the schools out of major sports, then do this. Only 10 percent of our
Nation's athletic programs make money. That means 90 percent of them lose in the
athletic department. But for the quality of life of [[Page S2363]] all students,
not just athletes, they continue and their alumni continue to subsidize it. I
agree with my good friend from Tennessee. This would be a huge mistake, and it
is time for those players at Northwestern to think about more than those
individuals who have fronted them the money to bring this case. Mr. ALEXANDER. I
thank the Senator from North Carolina. The question should be obvious: What does
a student at Wake Forest or Vanderbilt or--and we are using the private
universities, again, because those are the only ones affected by this decision
for now--but if you are at Vanderbilt University, according to the vice
chancellor, the total scholarship could be nearly $60,000. That is the value
each year of your athletic scholarship. Times four--so you are up to one-
quarter of a million dollars. The College Board says--roughly estimates--that a
college degree adds $1 million to your earnings during a lifetime. So the idea
that student athletes do not get anything in return for their playing a sport is
financially wrong. And just speaking as one individual who had the privilege to
participate for 2 years as a student athlete without getting anything--I had
scholarships, but they were not athletic scholarships--the discipline, the
memories, the competition, the chance to be in the Southeastern Conference
Tournament--that is very important to me. It was then, just as athletics always
is. It is a rare privilege to participate in intercollegiate athletics. The
presidents have looked at the problems of intercollegiate athletics. And there
are some. But people forget--and I know the Senator from North Carolina is aware
of this. But let's say you are at Vanderbilt and you have a $58,000
scholarship--tuition, room and board but your total costs are over $60,000 and
let's say you come from a poor family that has no money and you are put in the
embarrassing position of not having walking-around money, money to go out and
get a hamburger, or whatever you want to do. Forty percent of student athletes
in America also have a Pell grant similar to 40 percent of all students in
America have a Pell grant, and the Pell grant can be, on average, $3,600. So
that is $300 a month that could be added. Now, perhaps there are other issues
that ought to be addressed. But I wonder if the Senator from North Carolina
would speak more about one thing he talked about. I imagine Florida State, the
University of Tennessee, Stanford, maybe Wake Forest--they will all be fine with
a more expensive athletic program. But what is going to happen to the smaller
schools? What is going to happen to the minor sports? What is going to happen to
the title IX women's sports if for some reason a union forces universities to
have a much more expensive athletic program for a few sports? Mr. BURR. Well,
let me say to my good friend from Tennessee, I will quote the words of Wake
Forest President Nathan Hatch, a former provost at Notre Dame, in an editorial
he wrote in the Wall Street Journal just this week. He says: To call
student-athletes employees is an affront to those players who are taking full
advantage of the opportunity to get an education. Do we really want to signal to
society and high-school students that making money is the reason to play a sport
in college, as opposed to getting an education that will provide a lifetime
benefit? President Patrick Harker, president of the University of Delaware, in
the same article said: Turning student athletes into salaried employees would
endanger the existence of varsity sports on many college campuses. Only about 10
percent of Division I college sports programs turn a profit, and most of them,
like our $28 million athletic program at the University of Delaware, lose money.
Changing scholarship dollars into salary would almost certainly increase the
amount schools have to spend on sports, since earnings are taxed and
scholarships are not. In order just to match the value of a scholarship, the
university would have to spend more. At Wake Forest, let me say, today a
scholarship is worth $45,600 in tuition in fees, $15,152 in room and board,
$1,100 in books. I will say to my good friend from Tennessee, I am not sure if
there is still $15 of laundry money a month that exists under a scholarship.
That is what it was when I was there. I daresay I hope it is more than that
today because I do not think you can do laundry for $15 a month. Mr. ALEXANDER.
I wonder if I can ask the Senator to reflect a little bit on some of the
practical consequences of a student athlete suddenly finding himself thought of
as an employee of the university. I wonder, for example, would the employee of
the university, the quarterback or whatever position he plays, have to pay taxes
on his income? I would think so. I was thinking about the recent changes in
Federal labor law that allow for micro-unions. Almost any little group can
petition the National Labor Relations Board, under the Obama administration's
views, to become a union. I wonder if quarterbacks would become a micro-union.
They would say: We are more important. Look at the NFL. They get paid a lot
more. We want a bigger scholarship than others. I wondered about five-star
recruits. Let's say there is a terrific defensive back--as I am sure Senator
Burr was when he was in high school. He had five stars from all the recruiting
services. Would the private schools who are unionized go out and compete to see
who could pay the highest compensation to the five-star recruits, a lot less to
the walk-on, maybe less for a three-star. What are the practical consequences of
a student athlete suddenly finding himself defined as an employee of the
university under the National Labor Relations Act? Mr. BURR. Let me say to my
good friend, as one who remembers August practices in the South--hottest time of
the year, three practices a day--the first thing I would bargain out for all
players is that I would have to get my ankles taped at 4:30 in the morning, that
I would have to go all day and most of the night, and that I could not take that
tape off until 8:30 after three practices. I would negotiate away the smell of
dead grass in August, a memory every college football player, as a matter of
fact every football player, has of that dead grass in summer practice in hot
weather. I plead with those who play today: Do you truly believe you can form a
team if in fact you have individuals who negotiate individual things for
themselves? If quarterbacks negotiate they cannot be hit, how good is the club?
But where is the team? If individuals find that it is advantageous to them
because they are stars and they can negotiate it, where have we lost the sense
of team sports? The Senator from Tennessee mentioned this to begin with: College
sports is a lot about the experience. It builds character. It builds integrity.
It builds drive. It builds resilience. It is not the only thing in life that
does it, but to me, for many individuals, for many young men and women, this is
the most effective way for them to become leaders. I might say it is very much
the style of our training in the military. As we raise those young officers,
they go through a very regimented training. Imagine what it would be like if we
allowed the military to collectively bargain. Let me tell you, none of us would
feel safe at night because we don't know exactly what they have gone through.
Today we feel safe because we know they have all gone through the same thing.
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I think our time is coming toward a close, but we
have about 5 minutes left. Then we will be looking forward to the comments of
the Senator from Iowa. We thank him for his courtesy in allowing us to go ahead.
I guess the message--I particularly enjoyed hearing the Senator from North
Carolina. The message today is directed at two groups. One is to the NCAA, which
is to say, do not think that the attitude of one Regional Director of the
National Labor Relations Board reflects the view of the U.S. Government. It does
not. The other is to the student athletes. Think about the value of the
opportunity you have. Here are two former student athletes of varying talents
who benefited enormously from that. There are many others who would say the
same. The university does not owe us anything. We owe the university--at least
that is the way I feel about it--for the privilege of competing, for the
privilege of attending. If I had a scholarship, that would have been even
better--just the privilege of participating. [[Page S2364]] To the NCAA, the
members of the NCAA have talked about issues such as should we provide more
expense money for athletes. I mentioned earlier that 40 percent of them have
Pell grants which can go up to $5,600 a year in addition to their $55,000 or
$60,000 of football scholarships. So think about that. That was considered by
the NCAA and voted down because the small schools said: It will hurt us. Women's
programs said: We will have to drop women's programs. So this is more
complicated than it would seem at first. What about health care? Of course, a
student athlete can be covered by his parents' health care insurance. Under the
Affordable Care Act, I am sure many on the other side would be quick to say,
they would always be able to be insured for any sort of preexisting condition,
but these are issues that can be properly looked at by the NCAA. Unionization,
in my opinion, would destroy intercollegiate athletics as we know it. I think we
should look back to the opinion of the Knight Commission, headed by Bill Friday
of North Carolina and Ted Hesburgh of Notre Dame, and reaffirm that the student
athlete is not a professional, not a hired hand. He or she is a student. One
percent of the athletes in this country--there may be problems to solve, but the
universities and the NCAA can address those problems. Unionization is not the
way to do it. Mr. BURR. I just wanted to address one last thing; that is, the
claim that this case was all about health care. The Senator from Tennessee has
pointed out as well the options that we have today. But let me speak from a
firsthand experience: a college athlete, four operations-- two knees, an elbow,
a finger. Probably the only record I hold at Wake Forest is the total number of
inches of scars on my body. Because of modern medicine, that record will not be
broken because they do not do surgery that way anymore. But I think it is best
summed up by our current Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, when he said this:
When sports are done right, when priorities are in order, there is no better
place to teach invaluable life lessons than on a playing field or court. . . .
Discipline, selflessness, resilience, passion, courage, those are all on display
in the NCAA. Why would we do anything to risk that? Not only do I believe this
is risky, I think just a consideration of it is enough to make us--or should
make us reject this quickly, not embrace it. I thank my colleague from
Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank my colleague from North Carolina. I thank the
Senator from Iowa for his courtesy in allowing us to go ahead. Some 50 years
ago, I had the opportunity to compete in track and field for Vanderbilt
University. Unlike my colleague from North Carolina, who as a fine defensive
back at Wake Forest University, there was no athletic scholarship available for
me. But I was fortunate enough to be a member of a record setting team.
Twenty-five years ago, while I was president of the University of Tennessee, I
was asked to serve on the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics. The
Knight Commission was created in October 1989 in response to a series of
scandals in college sports. After 18 months of careful study, our 22-member
commission issued a report called ``Keeping the Faith with the Student-Athlete:
A New Model for Intercollegiate Athletics.'' Our central recommendation was that
college presidents needed to exercise stronger control of their athletics
programs to ensure their academic and financial integrity. And our guiding
principle in making that recommendation was that athletes are students first,
not professionals. We wrote: We reject the argument that the only realistic
solution to the problem is to drop the student-athlete concept, put athletes on
the payroll, and reduce or even eliminate their responsibilities as students.
Such a scheme has nothing to do with education, the purpose for which colleges
and universities exist. Scholarship athletes are already paid in the most
meaningful way possible: with a free education. The idea of intercollegiate
athletics is that the teams represent their institutions as true members of the
student body, not as hired hands. Surely American higher education has the
ability to devise a better solution to the problems of intercollegiate athletics
than making professionals out of the players, which is no solution at all but
rather an unacceptable surrender to despair. The Knight Commission's perspective
on student athletes could not be more different to the perspective in the recent
decision, issued by a regional director of the National Labor Relations Board in
Chicago, to treat athletes as employees and permit them to form a union. Student
athletes are found throughout all levels and at all types of colleges--small
through large, but those that receive athletic scholarships are only at division
I and II schools. Division III schools are not allowed to award athletic
scholarships. For the purposes of the NLRB decision, we are talking about an
even smaller subset of athletes--scholarship athletes at private institutions
like Notre Dame, Vanderbilt, and Stanford. For example, as a non-scholarship
athlete at Vanderbilt, I would not have been able to unionize. Senator Burr, on
the other hand was given a scholarship to play defensive back at Wake Forest. He
would be allowed to unionize. In 2011, there were roughly 25 million
undergraduate students; 9 million Pell recipients, which is approximately 36
percent of undergraduate students. In addition, there were 177,000 scholarship
athletes enrolled in bachelor programs at public and private institutions. This
is approximately 1.7 percent of all students in bachelor's programs. Of those,
71,000 received Pell Grants, approximately 40 percent of scholarship athletes.
The number of scholarship athletes at private institutions enrolled in a
bachelor's program was 104,000, approximately 4.2 percent of private students in
bachelor's programs. Of those, 43,700 received Pell Grants, approximately 42
percent of private scholarship athletes. The total number of division I and II
schools is 662 of which 283 are private institutions. In division I the total is
350 with 119 of them being private, while the division II total is 312 with 164
private. Athletic scholarships are limited to only tuition and fees, room and
board, and required course-related books. At Vanderbilt the total scholarship
could be as much as $58,520 which is a combination of $42,768 for tuition,
$14,382 for room and board, and $1,370 for books. At Stanford the total
scholarship could be as much as $59,240 which is a combination of $44,184 for
tuition, $13,631 for room and board, and $1,425 for books. Contrast that with
the University of Tennessee where the scholarship total could be up to $21,900
consisting of $11,194 for in-state tuition, $9,170 for room and board, and
$1,536 for books. Scholarship athletes may also combine other sources of
financial aid, namely Federal or State need-based aid or earned entitlements, in
order to cover the full cost of attendance. These include, Pell Grants,
Supplemental Education Opportunity Grants, work-study, State grants based on
need using Federal need calculations such as Tennessee's HOPE Scholarship and
veterans programs such GI Bill or post 9/11 GI Bill. Athletic scholarships are
awarded in most cases by the athletic department which encourages an athlete to
complete the federal application. If an athlete is determined to have a need,
then the financial aid office awards the need-based aid, Federal, State, or
both. A student athlete is restricted to the institutional cost of attendance
when combining other aid with their scholarship, unless they are using their
Pell Grant or a veterans benefit. Thus a student athlete with need could receive
a full scholarship covering all costs and receive additional funds. Only 1
percent of student athletes will ever play professional sports. For the
remainder, their college degree is the primary benefit of participating in
college sports. According to the College Board, the value of a college degree is
$1 million over an individual's lifetime. As a former student athlete, who
wasn't on scholarship, I can speak from experience that the value of college
athletics goes beyond the money. It can enrich every aspect of our education,
teaching lessons and developing habits that will pay dividends no matter what a
student pursues in life. Unfortunately, the problems the Northwestern football
players are concerned with are not unique to Northwestern and they are not new.
These problems include: the NCAA does not [[Page S2365]] currently allow a
full-ride athletic scholarship to cover the actual full cost of attendance;
Other expenses include: transportation costs; health fees; student activity and
recreation fees and personal expenses allowable under Federal financial aid
rules. For example, a full-ride scholarship at Vanderbilt University is worth
$58,520 but the full cost of attendance is calculated by the school to be
$62,320. The difference must be made up by the student. For some student
athletes, the lingering effects and potential disabilities will be felt for many
years after their playing days are over. Some students are asking for long term
medical coverage to help them cover costs of treating these injuries. Schools
could provide for some form of additional medical coverage. While playing sports
has certain inherent risks, we do know more now than ever before about how
injuries can be avoided. Better protections from injury--football concerns with
concussions. Schools can take, and some are taking, steps to improve the safety
of their student athletes. Some students are asking for help to finish their
education even when athletic eligibility has run out. There is money available
to address these concerns and take care of our student athletes without unions.
The NCAA and the member universities do need to reform their rules and guidance;
and they will. Earlier this week we spoke to David Williams, Vanderbilt
University's athletic director, who had this to say: The NCAA and its member
universities have the authority and the responsibility to correct the flaws that
exist in the system today, many of which are mentioned by the student athletes
at Northwestern University. The question is do we have the will to do so. I
believe we do and that we will. Mark Emmert the President of the NCAA, quoted in
a recent Meet the Press interview said: We have twice now had the board of the
N.C.A.A. pass an allowance to allow schools to provide a couple of thousand
dollars in what we call ``miscellaneous expense'' allowances. . . . The board's
in favor of it. The membership, the more than a thousand colleges and
universities that are out there, the 350 of them that are in division one had
voted that down. We're in the middle right now of reconsidering all that. I have
every reason that that's going to be in place sometime this coming year. What
would actually happen if college sports teams were unionized? Well, David
Williams, Vanderbilt's athletic director, said: The decision by the NLRB
regional board has the power to change the structure, dynamics and maybe the
effectiveness of college athletics. It may ultimately end college athletics as
we know it today. I agree with this statement. And think those who support
turning college athletes into employees and unionize them should consider the
potential consequences. One potential consequence relates to taxes. This recent
decision, in essence, may require the entire scholarship to be treated as
compensation thus making the whole amount taxable. Another consequence of
potential collegiate unionization relates to labor. One of the most commonly
thought of traits when a union represents a workforce is the right to strike.
Section 13 of the National Labor Relations Act, NLRA, expressly provides the
right of employees to strike, with some exceptions. If a unionized college
baseball team doesn't like the coaches' decision to switch practice times, they
could decide to walk off the field right before the first pitch is thrown, and
call a strike. The NLRA requires the union and employer to bargain over wages,
hours, and other conditions of employment. If a football team joins a union,
will the union negotiate different compensation amounts depending on the
player's position or contribution to the team? For example, a five star
quarterback in high school could decide to attend Notre Dame, because the
players' union promises to negotiate a larger scholarship package for him, but
the one star, offensive lineman may only get the bare minimum. This could lead
to a team and its union making value judgments based on the on-field
contributions of a player. What about when a coach decides to change the
offensive scheme from a pro-style offense to the wish-bone. A union wide
receiver might have a grievance because this could effect the ``condition of
employment,'' in that his role on the team could be diminished. Under the NLRA,
a decision like that would have to be bargained for. A coach could not
unilaterally change the playbook without approval of the union. But let's say
that a wide receiver decides to go directly to the coach to discuss his
grievance about switching offensive schemes. Under the act, that conversation
will not be a one-on-one between the coach and the player. Instead, a union
representative has the right to be present at that meeting. And instead of
resolving the issue internally, the Federal government through the NLRB, or
possibly the Federal courts could have the final say. The current NLRB has
struck down several employee conduct policies and handbooks, because they
violate an employee's section 7 right to ``concerted activity'' under the NLRA.
Will the NLRB now turn its attention to and interfere with the player conduct
policies that schools require of their players? The NLRB issued a 2011 decision
in Specialty Healthcare, that permitted unions to organize, multiple, small
groups of employees within a single workplace, known as ``micro-unions.'' It is
conceivable that every different position on the football team could decide to
have their own bargaining unit. The quarterbacks in one unit, the lineman in
another unit, and the linebackers in another, etc. The university would then
have to separately bargain with multiple different unions, all with different
demands. Universities require its athletes to maintain a 2.0 grade point
average, GPA, to keep an athletic scholarship. Would the NLRA consider a minimum
grade point average as a condition of employment under the law that must be
bargained for? Schools and players' unions could bargain a lower GPA. What if a
coach benches the star point guard, who is a union member, on the basketball
team, and replaced him with a non-scholarship, walk- on point guard? Could the
team be accused of retaliating against a union player in violation of the NLRA?
Under the NLRA it is unlawful to discharge, discipline or otherwise discriminate
against an employee for engaging in protected concerted activities. If that star
player could show that the benching came after he had been discussing a team
related issue with his fellow teammates it would be considered retaliation. The
bottom line, is that importing the sometimes head-scratching rulings of the NLRB
into a competitive, team atmosphere is recipe for disaster. Do they now hire
athletes and not worry if they are students? Mark Emmert, NCAA President, said:
To unionize them, you have to say, These are employees. If you're going to do
that, it completely changes the relationship. I don't know why you'd want them
to be students. If they're employees and they're playing basketball for you,
don't let calculus get in the way. Yesterday, the Senate voted against cloture
on the Paycheck Fairness Act. This is a bill that would amend the Equal Pay Act
to make it easier to sue for pay discrimination based on gender by limiting an
important employer defense. Under the bill, the employer would have to prove any
difference in pay would be job-related and consistent with a business necessity;
If these student athletes are now considered ``employees'' under the eyes of a
regional director in Chicago, they would theoretically be entitled to protection
under statutes like the Equal Pay Act; And if the Paycheck Fairness Act were to
become law, it is conceivable universities could be liable for any differences
in compensation that they provide the football team, versus the women's soccer
team; Then there is the effect on smaller schools. Big schools with big budgets
may have the ability to negotiate with a union for better benefits for their
student athletes. If a football union at Notre Dame negotiates for higher
compensation that may set a standard the school must match for other athletes as
well. I imagine that there is enough money coming into the Notre Dame or
Stanford athletic departments to allow them to adjust to the realities of
unionized college athletics. But what about smaller schools? They will have to
make cuts somewhere. If they preserve their football [[Page S2366]] program, it
will likely be at the cost of other sports. Another consideration that must be
taken into account are public universities versus private universities. Because
the NLRB regional director's decision only applies to private universities, it
creates a different set of rules for private universities than for public
universities. The private schools with athlete unions may ultimately be forced
to negotiate salaries or other benefits that violate NCAA rules; to continue
competing, they would have to set up their own conference or association. The
departure of schools from the NCAA to this new, union friendly association,
would fracture the foundations of collegiate sports. And what about possible
title IX implications? As title IX was enforced related to college athletics,
institutions made difficult choices to eliminate many athletic programs. Title
IX is focused on improving equal access to education. If athletes are employees,
then it is unclear how the requirements and protections of title IX will apply
to them. Due to the current limited nature of the ruling, if football players'
compensation are considered salaries and not scholarships, then would one of the
possible effects be a reduction in the number of women's scholarships that title
IX requires the university to offer? Or would title IX require that any new
benefits received by a football team under their collective bargaining be shared
equitably with the women's sports at the university? With limited resources and
title IX requiring both proportional opportunity for athletes and pay, the
recent decision may result in further reductions of athletic programs and
opportunities on college campuses. The Knight Commission's executive director,
Amy Privette Perko, recently wrote in the New York Times that: The commission
supports many of the benefits being sought for college athletes by groups like
the College Athletes Players Association, but unions are not needed to guarantee
those benefits. Colleges can enact proposals long recommended by the commission
for colleges to restore the educational role of athletics and improve athletes'
experiences. I continue to believe that athletes are students first, not
professionals. Some of the concerns raised by these college athletes are
legitimate but unions are not the solution. They can and should be addressed by
the schools and the NCAA. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator from Iowa.
Whistleblower Protections Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 25 years ago today the
Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989 was signed into law. To mark that
anniversary, I come to the floor to discuss some of the history that led to that
legislation, the lessons learned over the past 25 years, and the work that still
needs to be done to protect whistleblowers. I emphasize that last part because
there still needs to be a lot of work done to protect whistleblowers. The
Whistleblower Protection Act was the result of years of effort to protect
Federal employees from retaliation. Eleven years before it became law in 1989,
Congress tried to protect whistleblowers as part of the Civil Service Reform Act
of 1978. I was then in the House of Representatives. There I met a person named
Ernie Fitzgerald, who had blown the whistle on the Lockheed C-5 aircraft program
going $2.3 billion over budget. Ernie was fired by the Air Force for doing that,
and as he used to say: He was fired for the act of ``committing truth.'' When
the Nixon tapes became public after Watergate, they revealed President Nixon
personally telling his Chief of Staff to get rid of that SOB. That is how a
famous whistleblower who pointed out the waste of $2.3 billion was treated. The
Civil Service Commission did not reinstate Ernie until 12 years later. In the
meantime, he was instrumental in helping get the Civil Service Reform Act of
1978 passed. Yet it soon became very clear that law did not do enough to protect
whistleblowers. In the early 1980s, the percentage of employees who did not
report government wrongdoing due to fear of retaliation nearly doubled. Some
whistleblowers still had the courage to come forward. In the spring of 1983, I
became aware of a document in the Defense Department known as the Spinney
report. The report exposed the unrealistic assumptions being used by the
Pentagon in its defense budgeting. Those unrealistic assumptions were the basis
for add-ons later on so defense contractors could bid up the cost. It was
written by Chuck Spinney, a civilian analyst in the Defense Department's Program
Evaluation Office. I asked to meet with Chuck Spinney but was stonewalled by the
Pentagon. When I threatened a subpoena, we finally got them to agree to a Friday
afternoon hearing in March 1983. The Pentagon hoped the hearing would get buried
in the end-of-the-week news cycle. Instead, on Monday morning the newsstands
featured a painting of Chuck Spinney on the front cover of Time magazine. It
labeled him as ``a Pentagon Maverick.'' I called him what he ought to be called,
the ``conscience of the Pentagon.'' The country owes a debt of gratitude to
people such as Ernie Fitzgerald and Chuck Spinney. It takes real guts to put
your career on the line, to expose waste and fraud, and to put the taxpayers
ahead of Washington bureaucrats. In the mid-1980s, we dusted off an old Civil
War-era measure known as the False Claims Act, as a way to encourage
whistleblowers to come forward and report fraud. We amended that Civil War law
in 1986 to create the modern False Claims Act, which has resulted in over $40
billion in taxpayers' money being recovered for the Federal Treasury. We made
sure when we passed it that it contained very strong whistleblower protections.
Those provisions helped to build up support for whistleblowing. People such as
Chuck Spinney and Ernie Fitzgerald helped capture the public imagination and
showed what whistleblowers could accomplish. However, that didn't mean the
executive branch stopped trying to silence whistleblowers. For example, in the
spring of 1987 the Department of Defense asked Ernie to sign a nondisclosure
form. It would have prohibited him from giving out classifiable--as opposed to
classified--classifiable information without prior written authorization. That,
of course, would have prevented those of us in Congress from getting that
information so we couldn't do our oversight work. Further, the term
``classifiable'' didn't only cover currently classified information, it also
covered any information that could later be classified. The governmentwide
nondisclosure form arguably violated the Lloyd- LaFollette Act of 1912. That law
states that ``the right of employees . . . to furnish information to . . .
Congress . . . may not be interfered with or denied.'' Just to make sure, I
added the so-called anti-gag appropriations rider that passed Congress in
December 1987. That rider, the anti-gag rider, said that no money could be used
to enforce any nondisclosure agreements that interferes with the right of
individuals to provide information to Congress. It remained in every
appropriations bill until 2013. I then worked to get that language into statute
in 2012 through the passage of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act. By
the time of the first anti-gag rider in 1987, there was widespread recognition
that all Federal employees ought to be protected if they disclosed waste and
fraud to the Congress or for a lot of other reasons as well. Meanwhile, I had
also worked with Senator Levin of Michigan to coauthor what we called the
Whistleblower Protection Act. It was introduced in February 1987. There were
hearings on our bill in the summer of 1987 and the spring of 1988. It proceeded
to pass the Senate by voice vote in August. Then the House unanimously did that
in October. After reconciling the differences, we sent the bill to the White
House. However, President Reagan failed to sign it. That meant we had to start
all over again in the next Congress. We didn't let President Reagan's
inaction--because that was a pocket veto--stand in the way. Senator Levin and I
moved forward again. When we reintroduced the bill in January 1989, I came to
the floor to make the following statement: We're back with this legislation in
the 101st Congress, and this time, we're going to make it stick. [[Page S2367]]
Congress passed this bill last fall after extensive discussions with members of
the Reagan administration. But in spite of the compromise we worked out, this
bill fell victim to President Reagan's pocket veto. Whistleblowers are a very
important part of government operations. By exposing waste, fraud, and abuse,
they work to keep government honest and efficient. And for their loyalty, they
are often penalized--they get fired, demoted, and harassed. . . . Under the
current system, the vast majority of employees choose not to disclose the
wrongdoing they see. They are afraid of reprisals and the result is a gross
waste of taxpayers' dollars. Government employers should not be allowed to cover
up their misdeeds by creating such a hostile environment. That is the end of the
quote from the statement I made on the introduction of that bill in January
1989. Once again, the bill passed the Senate and the House without opposition.
Working with George H.W. Bush, this time we got the President to sign it. On
April 10, 1989, the Whistleblower Protection Act became law. We left part of the
work undone 25 years ago. The Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 had exceptions
for the FBI, the CIA, the NSA, and other parts of the intelligence community.
The Whistleblower Protection Act left employees of those agencies unprotected,
and so have the laws that followed it. I am very pleased that the preconferenced
intelligence authorization bill released today will remedy that for the
intelligence community. Back in 2012 I championed the addition of intelligence
whistleblower protections to the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act. The
provisions I authored prohibited various forms of retaliation, including
changing an employee's access to classified information. Working closely with
the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, we got that language into the bill
that passed the Senate by unanimous consent May 8, 2012. However, it was not
included in the bill the House passed on September 28, 2012. Prior to the
differences being reconciled on October 10, 2012, President Obama issued
Presidential Policy Directive 19. It provided certain limited protections for
whistleblowers with access to classified information. Yet that Executive order
by President Obama was weaker than the provisions I had authored in the
Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act. Unfortunately, President Obama's
actions undercut support for those provisions by suggesting that statutory
protection was now necessary. The final law that passed in November left
intelligence whistleblowers at the mercy of the Presidential directive. Now,
much of the language I had championed is in the Intelligence authorization bill
currently under consideration. It is certainly a step up from Presidential
Policy Directive 19. Making any protections statutory is very significant. The
bill also has better substantive protections than the Presidential directive. It
does still have some gray areas, I am sorry to say. It leaves some of the policy
and procedure development to the discretion of the executive branch, and that is
a mistake we know exists because we had a similar thing happen with the FBI
because in 1989 the protections of the Whistleblower Protection Act didn't apply
to the FBI. That turned out to be a big mistake. Yet that law did require the
Attorney General to implement regulations for FBI whistleblowers consistent with
those in the Whistleblower Protection Act. However, it soon became clear that
was a little like putting the fox in charge of the henhouse. The Justice
Department and the FBI simply ignored that part of the law for nearly 10 years.
Not until 1997 did the Attorney General finally implement regulations for
whistleblowers at the FBI. The Justice Department was pushed into finally
issuing those regulations by an FBI employee by the name of Dr. Fred Whitehurst.
Dr. Whitehurst was considered by the FBI to be its leading forensic explosive
expert in the 1990s. What I am about to show you is that by being a good,
patriotic American and blowing the whistle when something is wrong, you can ruin
yourself professionally. Shortly after the Whistleblower Protection Act was
passed in 1989, Dr. Whitehurst disclosed major problems with the FBI crime lab.
From 1990 to 1995 he wrote close to 250 letters to the Justice Department
inspector general about these problems. In other words, he tried to be loyal to
the agency he was in and work within that agency to expose wrongdoing but didn't
get very far. In January 1996 he formally requested that the President implement
regulations as required by the Whistleblower Protection Act. Only after Fred was
suspended in 1997 did the White House finally issue such a memo to the Attorney
General. It instructed the Attorney General to create a process for FBI
whistleblowers as directed by the Whistleblower Protection Act. Fred
Whitehurst's case dragged on for another year until the FBI finally agreed to
settle with him in February 1998. He got more than a $1 million settlement out
of that just because he was trying to do the right thing. But he got his badge
and his gun taken away from him, and he was, in a sense, ridiculed for doing
what a patriotic American ought to do. Fred Whitehurst is not alone in the FBI
as far as people having problems. Over the years, others--such as Mike German,
Bassem Youssef, Jane Turner, and Robert Kobus--have blown the whistle from
within the FBI. Even after the inspector general issued findings in their favor,
several had to navigate a never-ending Kafkaesque internal appeals process. It
seemed designed to grind down these patriotic Americans into submission through
years of inaction. Now history has started to repeat itself. As Congress was
passing the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act in 2012, President Obama
issued Presidential Policy Directive 19. He tasked Attorney General Holder with
reevaluating the same FBI whistleblower procedures that Fred Whitehurst helped
get in place in 1997. The Attorney General was given 6 months to report back.
When the Attorney General didn't report back and didn't issue that report at the
6-month mark, I asked the Government Accountability Office to do its own
independent evaluation of the FBI whistleblower protections. Now 18 months after
the President's directive, Attorney General Holder still hasn't released his
report. This is a person appointed by the President of the United States,
directed by the President of the United States to do something in 6 months,
presumably loyal to the President of the United States, and he isn't doing what
the Chief Executive of our great country told him to do. Potential
whistleblowers should not have to wait a decade, as they did with the first set
of regulations. It appears that the Justice Department is simply sitting on its
hands once again. The example of the FBI should be instructive. Unlike the
Whistleblower Protection Act, the Intelligence authorization bill is much more
detailed about the protections Congress intends. It puts a time limit on how
long the intelligence community has to create their procedures, giving them 6
months. However, remember that is exactly the same amount of time President
Obama gave Attorney General Holder to come up with regulations, and it still
hasn't happened 18 months later. Congress needs to be vigilant about getting
both the intelligence community and the Attorney General to act. In the
meantime, the FBI fiercely resists any efforts at congressional oversight,
especially on whistleblower matters. For example, 4 months ago I sent a letter
to the FBI requesting its training materials on the insider threat program. When
we just want copies of training materials, would that be difficult for a
bureaucracy to present to a Member of Congress? That program happened to be
announced by the Obama administration in October of 2011. It was intended to
train Federal employees to watch out for insider threats among their colleagues.
Public news reports indicated that this program might not do enough to
distinguish between true insider threats and legitimate whistleblowers. I
relayed these concerns in my letter. I also asked for copies of the training
materials. I said I wanted to examine whether they adequately distinguished
between insider threats and whistleblowers so it didn't become a damper on
whistleblowing. In response, an FBI legislative affairs official told my staff
that a briefing might be the best way to answer my questions. It was scheduled
for last [[Page S2368]] week. Staff of both Chairman Leahy and myself attended.
The FBI brought the head of their insider threat program. Yet the FBI didn't
bring the insider threat training materials as we had requested. However, the
head of the insider threat program told the staff of both Senator Leahy and
myself there was no need to worry about whistleblower communications. They are
telling me that at a time when we have decades of history of whistleblowers
being treated like skunks at a picnic? This gentleman said whistleblowers had to
register in order to be protected and the insider threat program would know to
avoid these people. I have never heard of whistleblowers ever being required to
``register,'' in order to be protected. The idea of such a requirement should be
pretty alarming to all Americans. We are talking about patriotic Americans
wanting to make sure the government does what the law says it should do and
spend money the way Congress intended it be spent. They have to register to be
protected just because they are a patriotic American? The reason they can't do
that is because sometimes confidentiality is the best protection a whistleblower
has. Unfortunately, neither my staff nor Chairman Leahy's staff was able to
learn more because after only 10 minutes--only 10 minutes--in the office and
into the briefing, the FBI got up and abruptly walked out. It might be one thing
to walk out on Republican staff, but they walked out on the staff of a
Democratic chairman of one of the most powerful committees in the U.S. Senate as
well--Chairman Leahy's staff. FBI officials simply refused to discuss any
whistleblower implications in its insider threat program and left the room.
These are clearly not the actions of an agency that is genuinely open to
whistleblowers or whistleblower protection. Like the FBI, the intelligence
community has to confront the same issue of distinguishing a true insider threat
from legitimate whistleblowers. This issue will be impacted by title V of the
current Intelligence authorization bill, which includes language about
continuous monitoring of security clearance holders. Director of National
Intelligence James Clapper seems to have talked about such procedures when he
appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee on February 11 of this year.
In his testimony he said this: We are going to proliferate deployment of
auditing and monitoring capabilities to enhance our insider threat detection.
We're going to need to change our security clearance process to a system of
continuous evaluation. . . . What we need is . . . a system of continuous
evaluation, where we have a way of-- Now, get this. --monitoring their behavior,
both their electronic behaviors on the job as well as off the job, to see if
there is a potential clearance issue. Director Clapper's testimony gives me
major pause, as I hope it does my colleagues. It sounds as though this type of
monitoring would likely capture the activity of whistleblowers communicating
with Congress. To be clear, I believe the Federal Government is within its right
in monitoring employee activity on worker computers. That applies all the more
in the intelligence community. However, as I testified before the House
Oversight and Government Reform Committee recently, there are areas where the
executive branch should be very cautious. The House oversight committee held a
hearing on electronic monitoring that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration had
done of certain whistleblowers in that agency. This monitoring was not limited
to work- related activity. The Food and Drug Administration allows its employees
to check personal email accounts at work. As a result, the FDA's whistleblower
monitoring captured personal email account passwords. It also captured
attorney-client communications and confidential communications to Congress and
the Office of Special Counsel. Some of these communications are legally
protected. If an agency captures such communications as a result of monitoring,
it needs to think about how to handle them very differently; otherwise, it would
be the ideal tool to identify and retaliate against whistleblowers. Without
precautions, that kind of monitoring could effectively shut down legitimate
whistleblower communications. It wouldn't surprise me, considering the culture
of some of these agencies, that is exactly what they want to do, because there
is a great deal of peer pressure to go along to get along within these agencies.
Whistleblowers, as I said, are kind of like a skunk at a picnic. There could be
safeguards, however. For example, whistleblower communications could be
segregated from other communications. Access could be limited to only certain
personnel rather than all of the upper management. In any case, whistleblowing
disclosures to Congress or the special counsel can't just be routed back to the
official accused of wrongdoing. As the 1990 Executive order made clear,
whistleblowing is a Federal employee's duty. It should be considered part of
their official responsibilities and something they can do on work time. However,
that doesn't mean they aren't allowed to make their protected disclosures
confidentially to protect against the usual retaliation. A Federal employee has
every right to make protected disclosures anonymously, whether at work or off
the job. Every Member of this body should realize that without some safeguards
there is a chance their communications with whistleblowers may be viewed by the
executive branch. These same considerations apply to the intelligence community.
The potential problems are heightened if electronic monitoring extends off the
job, such as Director Clapper mentioned in the quote I gave. We have to balance
detailing insider threats with letting whistleblowers know their legitimate
whistleblower communications are protected. With continuous monitoring in place,
any whistleblower would understand their communications with the inspector
general or Congress would likely be seen by their agency and punishment could
follow. They might perhaps even be seen by those they believe are responsible
for waste, fraud, or abuse, and punishment to follow. That leaves the
whistleblower open to retaliation. Even with the protections of this bill, we
should all understand it is difficult to prevent retaliation because it is so
indigenous in the culture of most government agencies. It requires a lengthy
process for an individual to try to prove the retaliation and get any remedy. It
is far better, where possible, to take precautions that prevent the likelihood
of retaliation even occurring; otherwise, it will make it virtually impossible
for there even to be such a thing as an intelligence community whistleblower.
Fraud and waste would then go unreported. No one would dare take the risk. To
return to the theme I started with, whistleblowers need protection from
retaliation today just as much as they did 25 years ago when the Whistleblower
Protection Act was passed on April 10 of that year. I have always said
whistleblowers are too often treated like a skunk at a picnic. You have now
heard it for the third time. You can't say it too many times. I have seen too
many of them retaliated against. However, 25 years after the Whistleblower
Protection Act, the data on whistleblowing is in, and the debate on whether to
protect whistleblowers is over. There is widespread public recognition that
whistleblowers perform a very valuable public service. Earlier this year
PricewaterhouseCoopers found that 31 percent of serious fraud globally was
detected by whistleblowing systems or other tipoffs. According to a 2012 report
from another organization, that number is even higher when looking just in the
United States, with 51 percent of the fraud tips coming from a company's own
employees. In 2013, of U.S. workers who had observed misconduct and blown the
whistle, 40 percent said the existence of whistleblower protection had made them
more likely to report misconduct. Whistleblowers are particularly vital in
government, where bureaucrats only seem to work overtime when it comes to
resisting transparency and accountability. A year and a half after the
Whistleblower Protection Act, President Bush [[Page S2369]] issued Executive
Order 1990 that said all Federal employees ``shall disclose waste, fraud, abuse
and corruption to appropriate authorities.'' That should have changed the entire
culture of these agencies that are antiwhistleblower, but it hasn't. But that is
what the directive says. Federal employees are still under obligations this very
day. They are fulfilling a civic duty when they blow the whistle. I encouraged
President Reagan and every President after him that we should have a Rose Garden
ceremony honoring whistleblowers. If you do that, it sends a signal from the
highest level of the U.S. Government to the lowest level of the U.S. Government
that whistleblowing is patriotic. Unfortunately, there isn't a single President
who has taken me up on my suggestion. Further, while the Obama administration
promised to be the most transparent in history, it has, instead, cracked down on
whistleblowers as never before. Last week, the Supreme Court denied a petition
to hear an appeal from a case named Kaplan v. Conyers. The Obama
administration's position in that case, if allowed to stand, means untold
numbers of Federal employees may lose some of the very same appeal rights we
tried to strengthen in the Whistleblower Protection Act. There could be half or
more of the Federal employees impacted. Such a situation would undo 130 years of
protection for civil servants dating back to the Pendleton Civil Service Reform
Act of 1883. We all remember that President Obama promised to ensure that
whistleblowers have full access to the courts and due process. However, his
administration has pursued the exact opposite goal here. That ought to be
unacceptable to all of us. I think it is important to send a loud and clear
signal that waste, fraud, and abuse won't be tolerated in government, and that
is why I am pleased to announce I will officially be forming a whistleblower
protection caucus at the beginning of the 114th Congress. Until then, I will be
talking to my colleagues and encouraging them to join me as we start putting
together an agenda for that caucus in a new Congress. As we celebrate the 25th
anniversary of this very important bill called the Whistleblower Protection Act,
we should all recognize whistleblowers for the sacrifices they make. Those who
fight waste, fraud, and abuse in the government should be lauded for patriotism.
Whistleblower protections are only worth anything if they are enforced. Just
because we have passed good laws does not mean we can stop paying attention to
the issue. There must be vigilance and oversight by the Congress. The best
protection for a whistleblower is a culture of understanding and respecting the
right to blow the whistle. I hope this whistleblower caucus will send the
message that Congress expects that kind of culture. I call on my colleagues to
help me make sure whistleblowers continue to receive the kind of protection they
need and deserve. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr.
Udall of New Mexico). The clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative
clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I ask unanimous
consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER.
Without objection, it is so ordered. STOP Identity Theft Act of 2013 Ms.
KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to pass the
Stopping Tax Offenders and Prosecuting Identity Theft Act of 2013. With tax day
coming upon us on Tuesday, the time is now to pass this bipartisan legislation.
I worked on the STOP Identity Theft Act to address the growing problems of tax
identity theft and to protect taxpayers against fraud. From the beginning this
bill has been bipartisan. Senator Sessions is the lead Republican on this bill,
and in fact recently this bill passed the Senate Judiciary Committee on a vote
of 18-0. Given the number of members on the committee with very different views
on issues, that is an accomplishment and shows what a pressing problem this is.
I think people will be pretty shocked, as you will be, Mr. President, when you
hear these numbers. Criminals are increasingly filing false tax returns using
stolen identity information in order to claim victims' refunds. You might think
that would be a rare incident, but as a former law enforcement person, as the
attorney general for the State of New Mexico, I think you know anything can
happen. This is a problem where more than anything is happening. In 2012 alone,
identity thieves filed 1.8 million fraudulent tax returns, almost double the
number confirmed in 2011. The numbers and the documents in these cases may be
forged, but the dollars behind them are real, because in 2012 there was another
1.1 million fraudulent tax returns that slipped through the cracks, and our U.S.
Treasury paid out $3.6 billion in the fraudulent returns--$3.6 billion. That is
the number coming from the IRS. That is your taxpayer dollars going down the
drain to people who are actually stealing taxpayers' identities, putting them on
returns, filing returns, and getting back the money. When criminals file these
tax returns, it is not just the Treasury that loses out. Everyday people are the
real victims here, because when someone else uses your identity, when someone
else fakes your identity, people are then forced to wait months and sometimes
even years before receiving their actual refund. So what is going on? Well, we
are having double refunds, right? First they go to the thief. This is happening
millions of times. Then the real taxpayer says: Wait a minute, where is my
refund, and files a return. The government has to check this out and figure out
the first one and they then pay twice. This is what is happening in the United
States of America. In 2012, Alan Stender, a retired businessman from the
5,000-person town of Circle Pines, MN, was working to file his taxes on time
just as people are doing right now. After completing all the forms and sending
in his tax returns, Alan heard from the IRS that there was a major problem. So
he gets it done on time and files the return and finds out from the IRS there is
a problem. Someone had stolen his identity and used his personal information to
fraudulently file his taxes and steal his tax return. Just last week 25 people
were arrested in Florida for using thousands of stolen identities to claim $36
million in fraudulent tax refunds. This included the arrest of a middle school
food service worker who sold the identities of more than 400 students, if you
can believe it. Those victims are just kids, and criminals are stealing their
identities to file fake returns. Are you ready for this one? Attorney General
Eric Holder recently revealed that he was a victim of tax return identity theft.
This came out this week. Two young adults used his name, his date of birth, and
Social Security number to file a fraudulent tax return. They got caught. They
were prosecuted. But if you can imagine that this can happen to the Attorney
General of the United States--at least we got action there--think about some guy
in Circle Pines, MN, who has it happen. As I said, it is happening over a
million times every year, from a retired man in Minnesota to middle school
students in Florida, to the Attorney General of the United States. It is clear
that identity theft can happen to anyone. We also know this crime can victimize
our most vulnerable citizens, victims such as seniors living on fixed incomes or
people with disabilities who depend on tax returns to make ends meet and cannot
financially manage having their tax returns stolen. There is a lot at stake here
and action is needed. That is why I put forward the bipartisan legislation a few
years back with Republican Senator Jeff Sessions of Alabama, to take on this
problem and crack down on the criminals committing this crime. There was also
significant bipartisan work in the House last year. A very similar bill was
passed in the House that did the same thing, passed bipartisan bills in the
House of Representatives. It happened. And the Senate now, as we know, passed it
18-0 out of the Judiciary Committee. This critical legislation will take
important steps to streamline law enforcement resources and strengthen [[Page
S2370]] penalties for tax identity theft. The STOP Identity Theft Act will
direct the Justice Department to dedicate additional resources to address tax
identity theft. It also directs the Department to focus on parts of the country
with especially high rates of tax return identity theft and to boost protections
for vulnerable populations such as seniors, minors, and veterans. We also urge
the Justice Department to cooperate fully and coordinate investigations with
State and local law enforcement organizations. Identity thieves have become more
creative and have expanded from stealing identities of individuals to stealing
that of businesses and organizations. My bill recognizes this change and
broadens the definitions of tax identity theft to include businesses,
nonprofits, and other similar organizations. This is important because once a
company or an organization's tax information is stolen, it can be used to create
fraudulent tax returns and claim false refunds. Finally, we need to crack down
on the criminals committing this crime. This bill would strengthen tax identity
theft penalties by raising the maximum jail sentences from 15 to 20 years. I
believe this bill goes a long way in helping law enforcement use their resources
more efficiently and effectively and it is time to bring it to the floor. In
recent weeks we have made significant progress, as I said, by passing the bill
out of the Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously on an 18-0 vote. It doesn't
happen often. I thank all of my colleagues on the committee and all of my
friends across the aisle for joining with us to vote for this bill. After a long
discussion we had amendments. We got this bill. Every single member of the
Judiciary Committee voted for this bill, including Senator Cruz, Senator
Schumer, Senator Feinstein, and Senator Hatch. It was a unanimous 18-0 vote. Now
I want to bring this bill to the full Senate. I would love to get this done
before tax day. I know there is a holdup on the other side of the aisle, and it
is time for people to understand that this is a bill that passed the House of
Representatives, it passed on an 18-0 vote out of Judiciary, and we simply need
to get this done. When the Attorney General of the United States of America is
having his identity stolen and his identity is used to file fake tax returns, we
have a problem. We have a problem that involves a lot of money. We have a
problem that involves 1.8 million fraudulent tax returns in 2012 alone, double
the number in 2011. We have a problem that also involves a lot of money. We have
a problem that involves $3.6 billion in 1 year alone in 2012, paid out by the
U.S. Government. What do you think taxpayers think when they hear that, that
$3.6 billion went to thieves and we have a bill that passed out of the Judiciary
Committee 18-0? I would want someone explaining why they are holding up this
bill. It is time to get this bill done. I would love to see it happen before we
go back to our home State so I can explain it to my constituents, and I hope our
colleagues on the other side of the aisle will work with us. Because with tax
season upon us, it is time to pass this bipartisan legislation, to crack down on
identity thieves and protect the hard-earned tax dollars of innocent Americans.
The time to do it is now. I again thank Senator Jeff Sessions for being the
Republican on this bill, and I thank all my colleagues for passing it through
the committee. I thank the House for getting it done over there. It is now the
time to pass it in the Senate. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I
note the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the
roll. The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. I
would ask unanimous consent that the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING
OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. I wish to speak as if
in morning business. The DATA Act Mr. President, I was not able to be here
earlier on the Senate floor when my colleague Senator Warner got unanimous
consent to pass the DATA Act. This is the Digital Accountability and
Transparency Act, something we have been working on over the last couple of
years. It is a good bill, and it is about good government and I am glad we were
able to pass it this afternoon in the Senate. I now hope it will go to the House
for passage and get to the President's desk, because it will help to give all
the taxpayers a better view into our government. Specifically, it improves
Federal financial transparency and data quality, both of which are going to help
identify and illuminate the ways we spend--certainly something we should be
focused on with the huge deficits and all the pressure we are facing. It will
also ease the compliance burden with the people working in the Federal
Government and recipients of Federal funds. At the same time it improves the
data that they send to the Federal Government. It is a win/win for the taxpayer,
for the government, at getting at the issue of waste, fraud, and abuse. It is an
issue that transcends party lines. I want to thank my friend Senator Coburn
because he has been a leader in the Governmental Affairs Committee and also the
chairman of the committee, Senator Tom Carper. Without their help, Senator
Warner and I would not have been able to get this bill to the floor today. We
also have a number of other cosponsors on a bipartisan basis. We all know that
the Federal Government spends a lot of money--over $3 trillion a year. The goal
is to know more about how that money is spent so we can ensure it is being spent
on the right things. This legislation, the DATA Act, picks up on lessons we
learned about how to make it more accountable and more transparent so taxpayers
have a better understanding of how the money is being used. This has to do with
grants and contracts. I think it is something that is going to help ensure that
we are not just spending the money right but also eliminating fraud and abuse
that we otherwise would not find. I first got involved in this issue when I was
at the Office of Management and Budget. I supported it and then was tasked with
implementing a 2006 bill that was introduced by Senator Coburn and Senator Obama
at the time. It was called the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency
Act, FFATA--an unfortunate acronym in my view. FFATA worked in the sense that it
led to something which is called usaspending.gov. Back then a lot of Federal
agencies thought this could not be done; that we wouldn't be able to improve our
transparency up to the standards that were established in FFATA, and we proved
them wrong, thanks to a lot of hard work by a lot of folks in the agencies and
at the Office of Management and Budget where I served as Director. It ended up
with the ability of taxpayers to get a wealth of information online, again,
about Federal grants and Federal contracts so they could better understand how
their tax dollars were spent. It was a good start. It also helped us learn some
lessons about how to improve fiscal data quality and transparency even more. We
learned that the usaspending.gov can be more comprehensive, more accurate, more
reliable, and more timely. By the way, if you have not gone on this Web site,
usaspending.gov, I recommend it. If we pass this legislation, you will like it
even more because the data you will be seeing will be more understandable, will
be more uniform across the agencies, and will enable us all, as taxpayers, to
get a better view into the government. What does it do? First, it makes it
easier to compare spending across the Federal agencies by requiring
establishment of these governmentwide standards, such as financial data
standards, which is very difficult to do, as I learned when I was at the Office
of Management and Budget. It sounds easy, but it is hard and it pays off. It
promotes consistency and reliability in data. Second, it strengthens the Federal
financial transparency by reforming and significantly improving the Web site
itself. It requires more frequent updates--quarterly financial updates of
spending by each Federal agency on their programs and at the object class-level
basis. It is basically more [[Page S2371]] specific data and more up-to-date so
it refreshes the Web site more to make it more useful. Third, it empowers the
inspector general and the GAO to hold agencies accountable. I think putting the
inspectors general into this is a good idea because it has another level of
accountability. This will make them more accountable for completeness,
timeliness, quality, and accuracy of the data they are submitting to the
usaspending.gov. This is new and will make the Web site work even better.
Fourth, it simplifies the reporting requirements by recipients of Federal funds,
eliminating unnecessary duplication and burdensome regulations. It basically
streamlines what people have to provide to the Federal Government. This will
actually make it easier for us to understand what is going on with these
contractors, again, as taxpayers doing oversight, but it also makes it easier to
do business with the Federal Government. It makes it less complicated for them
and gives more transparency for taxpayers, so it is another good aspect of this
legislation. I think each of these reforms will enhance Federal financial
accountability in real ways by allowing citizens to track government spending
better, allowing agencies to more easily identify improper payments and
unnecessary spending. We have a big issue around here with spending. We spend
more than we take in every year to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars.
We have a debt that is at least $17 trillion. It is time to make sure we are not
wasting money that could be applied to that debt or it could pay for programs
that are a top priority. This bipartisan legislation will help us get there. I
am very pleased we were able to get it passed today. Again, I will be working
hard with Senator Warner and others to ensure that we get this through the House
and to the President's desk for signature so we can indeed begin to help all of
us as citizens have a better view into our Federal Government. I yield the floor
and suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call
the roll. The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. REID.
Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be
rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered.

For more information please visit: http://beta.congress.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             January 5, 2009 Monday

Penn State Works To Bring Back Bees;
Researchers Look At Hives' Habitats

BYLINE: Genaro C. Armas

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 936  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Associated Press

STATE COLLEGE - The mysterious decline in honeybees has generated renewed
interest in finding new ways to boost bee numbers.

Buoyed by public concern over honeybee hives afflicted with colony collapse
disorder, researchers are focusing on how the habitat surrounding a hive can
affect the health of the honeybees and native bees like bumblebees.

"The more of these pollinator-friendly areas we have ... the more likely we are
able to retain bee species," said Karen Goodell, an ecology professor at Ohio
State University whose project focuses on native bees.

Separately, scientists in labs trying to unravel the mystery over colony
collapse disorder are focusing on how pesticides and other chemicals used in
fields and gardens might affect honeybees, bumblebees and other insects that
pollinate crops.

In both cases, researchers want to know how much of what's outside can affect
what's happening inside the hive.

Bees are vital to American agriculture because they pollinate many flowering
crops, including almonds, apples and blueberries.

But honeybees, a non-native species from Europe, are the pollinators of choice
in American agriculture because they are easier to manage and are more plentiful
- a single colony can contain 20,000 workers. Bumblebee colonies, for instance,
may only have a couple of hundred worker bees.

The honeybees have taken a hit over the years by mites and, most recently,
colony collapse disorder, in which beekeepers have found affected hives devoid
of most bees. Bees that remain appear much weaker than normal.

Beekeepers in 2006 began reporting losing 30 percent to 90 percent of their
hives. Since then the annual loss rate has been roughly 33 percent, according to
government estimates.

The first case of colony collapse disorder was officially reported in
Pennsylvania, and Penn State University has been leading the research. Maryann
Frazier, a senior extension associate at the school's entomology department,
said researchers remain concerned about the number and combination of pesticides
that have been detected in decimated hives.

"We realize it's much more complicated than what we thought a year ago," Frazier
said earlier this month. "From what we know now, it's not something we'll figure
out very, very quickly."

Native pollinators also are being monitored. The National Academy of Sciences in
2006 found declining populations of several bee species, along with other native
pollinators such as butterflies, hummingbirds and bats.

The report suggested that landowners can take small steps to make sure habitats
are more "pollinator friendly," like by growing more native plants.

And that's what scientists appear to be doing on a larger scale across the
country in hopes of bringing bees back.

One such track is at the Environmental Research Institute at Eastern Kentucky
University, where apiculturalist Tammy Horn oversees an experiment in
apiforestation, a term described by the school as a "new form of reclamation
focused on planting pollinator-friendly flowers and trees."

The project is in its first year. Horn is working with local coal companies to
plant trees, shrubs and native wildflowers on reclaimed lands that would be
attractive to pollinators, rather than the once-typical scenario of planting
only high-value hardwoods to establish a timber industry.

There are years of study still to go, though there are no signs of colony
collapse disorder so far, Horn said.

Local support from residents and coal companies has been encouraging to Horn. It
helps that locals have family ties to beekeeping, with parents and grandparents
perhaps dabbling in the hobby before it started to become less popular locally.

The rallying point has been concern about the disappearing bees, she said.

"That's been important for my project to succeed," Horn said in a phone
interview. "Even people who don't care about beekeeping show up to (beekeeping
workshops) in Eastern Kentucky and know it's important. They like showing up on
mine sites to see that coal mines care enough to invest in it."

The idea is intriguing enough to draw interest for similar projects in other
parts of the country, including California and Pennsylvania.

"It's a fantastic idea," said Dennis vanEnglesdorp, acting state apiarist for
the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture. "It's just a matter of finding time
to do everything properly. It's one of the ways forward for sure."

At Ohio State, Goodell's project is housed at The Wilds, a private nonprofit
conservation center on nearly 10,000 acres of reclaimed mine land in rural
southeastern Ohio.

"It's not as much a scientific study as a 'Let's do this and see what happens,'"
Goodell said.

Her work deals with native bees, rather than honeybees, though the plight of the
honeybees has drawn more attention to all pollinators, she said. The goal is to
find the right mix of plants and trees to build native bee populations.

"Those populations would then be contributing to colonizing areas that have lost
bees because of poor management," Goodell said. "Definitely, these bees will be
playing a role in pollination services."

It's a tack similar to that taken by projects that focus on native pollinators
promoted by Mace Vaughan, the pollinator program director at The Xerces Society,
a Portland, Ore.-based nonprofit organization.

Its mission, according its Web site, is to "protect wildlife through the
conservation of invertebrates and their habitat."

Vaughan worries that U.S. agriculture might be too dependent on honeybees,
though, as with Goodell, programs there have drawn increased interest because of
the attention on the honeybee decline.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 20, 2005 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Contractors Get Affirmative Action Exemption

BYLINE: By JONATHAN D. GLATER

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; National Desk; STORM AND CRISIS: LABOR; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 605 words


The Labor Department has temporarily suspended government requirements that its
contractors have an affirmative action plan addressing the employment of women,
members of minorities, Vietnam veterans and the disabled if the companies are
first-time government contractors working on reconstruction in the wake of
Hurricane Katrina.

While employment lawyers said it was not clear how strong an impact the
exemption would have, the move comes as President Bush has tried to address the
perception of unfairness in the government's response to the hurricane.

Under the rules that normally apply to companies hired by the government,
businesses with more than 50 employees working on contracts for more than
$50,000 must develop an affirmative action plan. But according to a memorandum
on the Labor Department's Web site, dated Sept. 9, the goal of the exemption in
the case of recovery work associated with Hurricane Katrina is to reduce the
burden of paperwork on government contractors and so encourage more companies to
jump into assisting with rebuilding from the storm damage.

The exemption is to last for three months, unless it is extended.

''It does not waive affirmative action requirements, it does not waive job
posting requirements, it does not waive their obligation not to engage in
discrimination,'' said Charles E. James, deputy assistant secretary at the Labor
Department. ''It's very, very limited.''

The announcement by the Labor Department came the day after President Bush
announced the suspension of a law that requires employers to pay the locally
prevailing wage to construction workers on federally financed projects. The
order applies to parts of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida. In
explaining the move, the proclamation stated that ''the conditions caused by
Hurricane Katrina constitute a 'national emergency.'''

The Labor Department affirmative action memorandum, which Mr. James signed,
specifically states that laws against discrimination continue to apply to
federal contractors, as do requirements that employers keep records and post
notices stating that ''equal opportunity is the law.'' The memorandum only
affects the requirement that employers develop a written affirmative action
program, Mr. James said.

The memorandum received little attention in the media frenzy over the aftermath
of the storm and hearings on the nomination of Judge John G. Roberts Jr. to the
Supreme Court. Protests against it began circulating online late last week.

''It is not simply a paperwork exercise,'' said Shirley J. Wilcher, deputy
assistant secretary for federal contract compliance in the Clinton
administration who is now the interim executive director of the American
Association for Affirmative Action. ''It is the basis for companies to be
mindful of their obligation not to discriminate.''

But it is not clear how the exemption may, in practice, affect employment
practices at companies, said B. Scott Silverman, an employment lawyer at
Morrison & Foerster in Los Angeles. Its impact depends on how much affirmative
action plans actually affect short-term hiring, he said.

''The only companies that will end up being completely excused are those that
are not doing business with the federal government now and might not otherwise
try to do business with the government,'' Mr. Silverman said.

He added that he thought a three-month exemption would probably not affect
employment practices greatly, especially in light of the dire need for employees
to rebuild.

''I don't think this exemption is going to restrict those opportunities in any
way, shape or form,'' Mr. Silverman said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              WMI - SWOT Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                           Southside Bancshares, Inc.

                           1201 South Beckham Avenue
                                Tyler,  TX 75701
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW


Southside is a bank holding company based in the US. Capital adequacy, strong
financial performance, and broad product and service portfolio are the major
strengths of the company, even as its decline in cash position and limited scale
of operations remain major areas of concern. Going forward, fluctuations in
interest rates, changing rules and regulations and increase in compliance costs
may affect its business performance. However, booming mortgage market in the US,
growing economy in the US and positive outlook for the US card payments industry
may provide new growth avenues for the company.

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *

STRENGTHS:


CAPITAL ADEQUACY


Capital adequacy enables the company to meet regulatory capital requirements
vis-a-vis its risk-weighted assets and to address stress tests conducted by
national banking regulators. The good capital management enabled the company to
strengthen its capital position. The company was required to maintain a tier 1
capital ratio of 6% and total risk-based capital ratio of 8% under Federal
Reserve norms. The company reported tier 1 capital ratio of 14.56% and total
risk-based capital ratio of 15.27% during FY2015, exceeding capital
requirements. Prudent capital management of the company strengthened its
capital, which in turn will enable it to withstand periods of banking stress.

BROAD PRODUCT AND SERVICE PORTFOLIO


Broad products and services portfolio helps the company to serve a wide range of
customers. The company, through its principal subsidiary Southside Bank, offers
a range of financial products and services to individuals, businesses, municipal
entities and nonprofit organizations. Its product portfolio includes checking
accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit,
retirement plans, credit cards, personal loans, auto loans, home loans, mortgage
loans, real estate loans, construction loans, small business administration
loans and letters of credit. Southside also provides services such as online
banking, mobile banking, e-statements, cash management, overdraft services,
trust services, brokerage services and investment services. Such a broad product
and service portfolio enables the company to cover diversified markets and
attract customers, which, in turn will boost its revenues and market share.

STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE


The company exhibited strong financial performance during FY2015, which boosts
its investor's confidence. During FY2015, the company recorded total revenues of
US$192.4 million as compared with US$148.3 million in FY2014, representing an
increase of 29.8%. Growth in the revenues of the company was attributed to
increase in its interest and non-interest income by 24.9% and 54.7%,
respectively in FY2015 over the previous fiscal year. The company also recorded
strong growth in its operating and net income. During FY2015, operating income
of the company was US$51.3 million as compared with US$18.7 million in FY2014.
The net income of the company was US$44 million in FY2015 as compared with US$
20.8 million in FY2014. Such a strong growth in revenues and operating income
depicts the financial stability of the company.


WEAKNESSES:


LIMITED SCALE OF OPERATIONS


Limited scale of operations, compared with competitors may be a concern to the
company. Operations of Southside are limited, compared with its competitors
operating in the US. Companies such as Union Bank, N.A. and Cathay General
Bancorp have wide geographic operations, compared with Southside. For instance,
Union Bank, N.A. operates through a network of branches in California,
Washington, Oregon, Texas, Illinois, New York and Cayman Islands. The operations
of the company's other competitor, Cathay General Bancorp, are spanned across
California, New York, Massachusetts, Texas, Washington State, Illinois, New
Jersey, and it has an international branch in Hong Kong and a representative
office in Taipei and Shanghai. Contrary to this, Southside only operates in
Texas. Limited operating scale and presence puts the company at risk, as any
adverse development in the political, economic or climatic environment of the
region might have an adverse impact on its business. It also restricts its
market share and limits growth options.

DECLINE IN CASH POSITION


The decrease in the company's cash position is an area of concern, as it may
affect its ability to meet its short-term obligations. Its cash and due from
banks declined from US$64 million at the end of FY2014 to US$54.3 million at the
end of FY2015, representing a decline of 15.2%. Decline in cash and due from
banks may be due to decreased value of its short-term asset holdings such as
short-term government bonds, marketable securities, and weak cash inflow.


OPPORTUNITIES:


POSITIVE OUTLOOK FOR THE US CARD PAYMENTS INDUSTRY


The company stands to benefit from the growing cards and payments industry in
the US. According to in-house research, in terms of transaction volume, the US
payment card is expected to reach 120.4 billion in 2019 at a forecast period
(2015-2019) CAGR of 4.76%. The number of payment cards in circulation is
expected reach 1,672.6 million at a forecast period CAGR of 4.68%. The value of
payment card transactions is expected to touch US$7,593.9 billion in 2019 at a
forecast period CAGR of 5.69%. The growth is expected to be driven by increase
in mobile penetration, rising retail sales, growing urbanization, and rising per
capita income and employment in the US. The company, a provider of credit cards
in the US, is placed well to benefit from this.

GROWING ECONOMY IN THE US


The company stands to benefit from the growing economy in the US. According to
the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the GDP growth rate of the US stood at
2.4% in FY2015 is expected to reach 2.5% in 2017. The major growth drivers are
the declining unemployment rate, increase in consumer purchases and
normalization of monetary policy in the US. Increase in consumer purchases is
likely to increase the demand for payment gateways, which in turn increases the
demand for banking products. As a provider of commercial banking products and
services, Southside is well placed to benefit from this.

BOOMING MORTGAGE MARKET


Booming mortgage market in the US offers significant opportunities to CFC. The
US is the most active mortgage market in the world and is expected to register
substantial growth in future. According to the Mortgage Bankers Association
(MBA), the commercial and multifamily mortgage originations are expected to
reach US$1,320 billion in 2016. This is likely to enhance the demand for
mortgage products and services offered by the company, in turn driving its
top-line performance.


THREATS:


FLUCTUATIONS IN INTEREST RATES


Changes in interest rates may affect the company's business performance.
Increase in the interest rates can affect the value of loans and other assets,
including company's ability to realize gains on the sale of assets. Increasing
interest rates may reduce the origination of loans for sale and consequently the
fee income that earned on such sales. Furthermore, increasing interest rates may
adversely affect the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on
loans and leases, resulting in an increase in nonperforming assets and a
reduction of income recognized. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors
beyond its control, including general economic conditions, inflation, recession,
unemployment, the money supply and the policies of various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Volatile interest rates might impact the operating
performance of the company as its income and investment returns depend on the
level of interest rates.

INCREASE IN COMPLIANCE COSTS


Compliance costs are expected to increase further and may adversely affect the
company's operations. The recent financial crisis has led to increased
compliance costs and additional regulations. The compliance burden on company
has probably been increased in an attempt by the government to prevent future
crises. The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, the Senior Supervisors
Group, the Institute of International Finance, and the US Treasury has issued
reports reflecting the changes in the regulatory process and risk management
practices. The Federal Reserve has also issued new regulations for mortgage
origination to guard consumers. This may result in enhanced regulatory
environment and exert extra pressure on company, which are already working on
improving their own governance processes.

CHANGING RULES AND REGULATIONS


The company's activities are highly regulated by the various governmental and
regulatory authorities. Laws and regulations applied at the national, state or
local level generally grant government agencies and industry self-regulatory
authorities' broad administrative discretion over the activities of the company.
The change in government policies and regulations may adversely affect the
companies' growth and expansion strategies. These legal proceedings will consume
time of the company's senior management. If the company fails to address these
proceedings in an appropriate way, the company's reputation may be harmed and it
can be subject to additional legal risk which in turn, increases the size and
number of claims and damages asserted against the company or subject the company
to enforcement actions, fines and penalties.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 2, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Report may affect immigrant debate;
Georgia ranks 7th for illegal immigrants.;
About 425,000 live in state where lawmaker offers bill to curb rise.

BYLINE: Jeremy Redmon; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 979 words


Just a few days before state lawmakers are scheduled to hold their first hearing
on tough Arizona-style legislation, a new report says Georgia has about 425,000
illegal immigrants living here.

Georgia has the ninth-largest population among states, but it is home to the
seventh-largest number of illegal immigrants, according to a Pew Hispanic Center
report released Tuesday.

That estimate, which is as of March 2010, is unchanged from the center's 2009
estimate, though it is down from 475,000 in 2007. Georgia now ranks ahead of
Arizona, but it falls behind California --- which ranks first --- Texas,
Florida, New York, New Jersey and Illinois.

In Georgia, Republican Rep. Matt Ramsey's bill would punish people who encourage
illegal immigrants to enter the state and punish people who transport and
conceal them when they get here. Lawmakers are set to start discussing HB 87 at
9:30 a.m. Friday in the House Judiciary Non-Civil Committee.

Supporters say the state needs to take action because illegal immigrants are
sapping taxpayer-funded resources and taking jobs amid high unemployment.

"People are always surprised when I tell them that we have more illegal aliens
in Georgia than they do in Arizona," Ramsey said Tuesday, "underscoring that we
do have a significant problem in Georgia that does significantly bear on our
state and local government resources."

Critics say the legislation could hurt Georgia's economy, particularly its $65
billion agricultural industry, which relies heavily on migrant workers.

"It is not going to affect just whoever they think they are going to target, but
it is also going to affect the economy in different levels all over the state,"
said Adelina Nicholls, executive director of the Georgia Latino Alliance for
Human Rights, an immigrant rights group that opposes Ramsey's bill.

Meanwhile, the nation's population of "unauthorized immigrants" has stopped
shrinking, according to the Pew Hispanic Center, a Washington-based nonpartisan
research organization that uses U.S. census data for its estimates. The center's
national estimate of 11.2 million for 2010 is roughly the same as it was for
2009, marking some stability after a two-year decline from a high of 12 million
in 2007.

The decline happened mainly because of a drop in the number of illegal
immigrants from Mexico, according to the report. Last year, an estimated 6.5
million illegal immigrants from Mexico were in the United States, which is down
from 7 million in 2007.

The recession and increased enforcement of immigration laws could be affecting
these numbers, the report says. Deportations have more than doubled over the
past decade, reaching almost 400,000 in fiscal year 2009. Most deportees are
Mexicans.

The Pew Hispanic Center defines "unauthorized immigrants" as those who have
entered the country illegally, arrived legally but overstayed their visas, or
otherwise violated the terms of their entry to the United States. However, some
of these people may have obtained authorization to work in the United States by
applying for an adjustment of their status.

Also among the findings:

Georgia ranks sixth among states in terms of how many illegal immigrants are
working here: 325,000, or 7 percent of the state's labor force, the report says.
The national count is 8 million. State lawmakers are considering a few bills
aimed at preventing employers from hiring illegal immigrants in Georgia.

The number of illegal immigrants in Colorado, Florida, New York and Virginia has
declined significantly since 2007. During the same time frame, the combined
population of illegal immigrants for Louisiana, Oklahoma and Texas has gone up
by 240,000.

The number of children born to at least one illegal immigrant was 350,000 from
March 2009 to March 2010, which is statistically similar to the 2008-2009 time
frame.

Two congressmen from Georgia --- Republicans Phil Gingrey of Marietta and Rob
Woodall of Lawrenceville --- are co-sponsoring House Resolution 140 to deny
automatic birthright citizenship to such children.

"We need to enforce our laws," Gingrey said Tuesday in a phone interview from
New Mexico, where he was observing the federal government's efforts to seal the
border. "This problem is not just along the southern border."

Number of illegal immigrants in U.S. steady at 11.2 million

Impact on Georgia

Georgia is believed to have 425,000 illegal immigrants (estimates range from
300,000 to 550,000).

That figure is down by roughly 10 percent from 475,000 in 2007, and about the
same as in 2005. In 2000, by way of comparison, Georgia had an estimated 250,000
illegal immigrants; and in 1990, 35,000.

Georgia has the seventh highest estimated number of illegal immigrants of any
state. California is first, with about 2.5 million, followed by Texas, 1.6
million, and Florida, 825,000.

Illegal immigrants make up 4.4 percent of Georgia's population, compared with
7.2 percent in Nevada, 6.8 percent in California and 6.7 percent in Texas.

Illegal immigrants make up 7 percent of Georgia's work force, compared with 10
percent in Nevada, 9.7 percent in California and 9 percent in Texas.

*All numbers for 2010 unless otherwise noted.

Source: Pew Hispanic Center

Other findings of the Pew Hispanic Center:

Mexicans make up the majority of the illegal immigrant population at 58 percent,
or 6.5 million. They are followed by people from other Latin American countries
at 23 percent, or 2.6 million; Asia at 11 percent or 1.3 million; Europe and
Canada at 4 percent or 500,000; and African countries and other nations at 3
percent, or 400,000.

The states with the highest percentage of illegal immigrants were Nevada (7.2
percent), California (6.8 percent), Texas (6.7 percent) and New Jersey (6.2
percent).

About 350,000 newborns last year had at least one illegal immigrant parent,
representing 8 percent of all births. That share is largely unchanged from 2009.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Position battles in Detroit will affect Hens

BYLINE: John Wagner, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 784 words


Feb. 20--For a roster that changed little in the offseason, there are a
surprising number of questions surrounding the Detroit Tigers as they prepare
for the 2017 season.

The ways the Tigers answer those questions will go a long ways towards shaping
the opening day roster for the Mud Hens, according to Dave Littlefield,
Detroit's vice president of player development.

"It's hard to say how all of the players we've signed will fit in. There is six
weeks of spring training to go, and we haven't played any [exhibition] games,"
he said in a phone interview from Lakeland, Fla. "But it's well-known by agents
and six-year free agents that we have opportunities in the bullpen and in center
field.

"We have signed a fair number of players over the winter to potentially fill
those roles, so we'll have to see how everything plays out."

The bullpen has been an issue for the Tigers in recent seasons, and the team
signed a number of potential free agents to compete for jobs there.
Right-handers Logan Kensing, Dustin Molleken, Jeff Ferrell, and Angel Nesbitt
re-signed with Detroit, while veterans with major-league experience such as
right-handers A.J. Achter and Edward Mujica and left-hander Mike Zagursky are
among the newcomers who signed to fight for jobs in the Tigers bullpen.

The numbers are such that those who lose the battle and pitch in Toledo should
give the Hens the ingredients for a talented bullpen.

"You also have to remember that some pitchers who may be starters for Toledo are
pitching to try and win bullpen jobs in Detroit," Littlefield said.

That means the battle for spots in the Tigers' five-man rotation also bears
watching. Veterans Anibal Sanchez and Mike Pelfrey, who struggled last season,
will need to fend off challenges by young starters Matthew Boyd, Daniel Norris,
and Drew VerHagen, who Littlefield said will move back to a starting role this
spring.

"Currently, we have more starting pitching options than we have spots in the
rotation, so it's obvious some things need to be sorted out," Littlefield said.
"Guys like VerHagen, [Warwick] Saupold, and [Buck] Farmer could pitch out of the
bullpen if they make the roster in Detroit, but they could start if they pitch
for Toledo.

"The reason for that is that making them starters gives them so many more
innings to work on things like sharpening their pitches, learning to pitch out
of trouble, and just learning lessons that will make them better pitchers in the
majors."

The same holds true for young pitchers such as Chad Bell and Myles Jaye, who
will battle for bullpen jobs in Detroit but, if that effort fails, likely will
fill spots in Toledo's rotation.

The other major position battle the Tigers will monitor this spring is in center
field. Detroit does not lack for candidates to fill the position, including
JaCoby Jones, who manned the position for Toledo in 2016; Mikie Mahtook, who
came to the Tigers from Tampa Bay in a trade; Tyler Collins, who is out of
options and must pass through waivers before he could be sent to Toledo; Anthony
Gose, who started last season as the starter there but found himself at Double-A
Erie at season's end; and six-year free-agent signees such as Alex Presley and
Juan Perez.

"It will be interesting to see how that plays out this spring," Littlefield
said. "We have a lot of interesting talent at that position, and the fun part is
that we expect lots of good competition for that job."

Most of the rest of the Tigers roster is set, particularly the starting
positions. But Detroit signed a number of other six-year free agents who serve
at least two purposes: one, those free agents will provide competition for
reserve roles in Detroit; and two, those free agents increase the depth at
Toledo and Erie.

"When you trade prospects, one of the after-effects is that there generally
aren't as many prospects in the upper level of your organization," Littlefield
explained. "We may have been a little more aggressive this year, but we think
that's good because that will give us more competition in the big-league camp
and in the upper levels of the minors.

"We're trying to create assets, players who eventually can fill a role and help
the Tigers be successful -- even if they don't begin the year in Detroit.

"And we are determined to field a competitive team in Toledo. We think it helps
the development of prospects if they play in a winning atmosphere, and the
administration in Toledo has done their part to create that atmosphere. We are
trying to do our part."

Contact John Wagner at: jwagner@theblade.com, 419-724-6481 or on Twitter
@jwagnerblade.

___ (c)2017 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170220-TO-Position-battles-in-Detroit-will-affect-Hens-0220-20170220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2017 The Blade


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Credit card 'skimming' scam affects dozens of local residents

BYLINE: Tim Fenster, Lockport Union-Sun & Journal, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


Jan. 26--New York State Police have arrested three men in connection with a
credit-card reading scam that authorities say has affected dozens of people
throughout the area.

Ramirez S. Yordani, 27; Alvarez S. Ernesto, 20 and Garcia F. Abel, 31, all of
Miami-Dade County, Fla., were arrested Tuesday afternoon after attempting to
make purchases using fraudulent credit card information at the Walmart in
Albion. They are each facing numerous counts of several felony charges,
including fourth-degree grand larceny, second-degree forgery, second-degree
possession of a forged instrument and first-degree scheme to defraud, as well as
a misdemeanor charge of fifth-degree conspiracy.

According to the Niagara County Sheriff's Office, the three set up a credit card
skimming device on one of the gas pumps at Scapelliti's Super Store, 7084
Chestnut Ridge Road, over the weekend. The devices, which are smaller than a
deck of cards, are installed illegally near the machine's factory-installed card
reader and used to read consumers' credit card information.

Niagara County Chief Deputy Steven C. Preisch said a dozen victims have already
come forward, and that he expects many more were targeted.

"I do anticipate these numbers increasing," he said.

Preisch said Yordani, Ernesto and Abel appeared to follow a system: travel to
areas far from their hometown, use the skimmer to steal credit card information
from consumers and use that information to purchase items through the
self-checkout at nearby Walmarts.

Numerous victims came forward after noticing fraudulent purchases of several
hundred dollars.

Residents who visited Scapelliti's in recent days are urged to check their bank
statements for any signs of fraudulent activity. Those who use debit cards or
credit cards without an electronic chip are considered the most vulnerable.

Some reports show skimming is on the rise at gas stations, ATMs, self-checkouts
and other card-reading devices throughout the country. Preisch advised motorists
to check to see if the pump's security tape -- a red strip that covers the
card-reading panel -- has been broken before they use the pump. It may be a sign
that the pump has been tampered with.

"A lot of times they are not visible to the consumer. It's hard to tell," said
Niagara County Sheriff's Lt. Rob Richards.

If you think you have been a victim of skimming, contact your financial
institution and your local police department.

___ (c)2017 the Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (Lockport, N.Y.) Visit the Lockport
Union-Sun & Journal (Lockport, N.Y.) at lockportjournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170126-XL-Credit-card-skimming-scam-affects
-dozens-of-local-residents-0126-20170126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XL


                  Copyright 2017 Lockport Union-Sun & Journal


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Credit card 'skimming' scam affects Lockport gas station customers

BYLINE: Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Jan. 26--New York State Police have arrested three men in connection with a
credit-card reading scam that authorities say has affected dozens of people
throughout the area.

Ramirez S. Yordani, 27; Alvarez S. Ernesto, 20 and Garcia F. Abel, 31, all of
Miami-Dade County, Fla., were arrested Tuesday afternoon after attempting to
make purchases using fraudulent credit card information at the Wal-Mart in
Albion. They are each facing numerous counts of several felony charges,
including fourth-degree grand larceny, second-degree forgery, second-degree
possession of a forged instrument and first-degree scheme to defraud, as well as
a misdemeanor charge of fifth-degree conspiracy.

According to the Niagara County Sheriff's Office, the three set up a credit card
skimming device on one of the gas pumps at Scapelliti's Super Store, 7084
Chestnut Ridge Road, Lockport, over the weekend. The devices, which are smaller
than a deck of cards, are installed illegally near the machine's
factory-installed card reader and used to read consumers' credit card
information.

Niagara County Chief Deputy Steven C. Preisch said a dozen victims have already
come forward, and that he expects many more were targeted.

"I do anticipate these numbers increasing," he said.

Preisch said Yordani, Ernesto and Abel appeared to follow a system: travel to
areas far from their hometown, use the skimmer to steal credit card information
from consumers and use that information to purchase items through the
self-checkout at nearby Wal-Marts.

Numerous victims came forward after noticing fraudulent purchases of several
hundred dollars.

Residents who visited Scapelliti's in recent days are urged to check their bank
statements for any signs of fraudulent activity. Those who use debit cards or
credit cards without an electronic chip are considered the most vulnerable.

Some reports show skimming is on the rise at gas stations, ATMs, self-checkouts
and other card-reading devices throughout the country. Preisch advised motorists
to check to see if the pump's security tape -- a red strip that covers the
card-reading panel -- has been broken before they use the pump. It may be a sign
that the pump has been tampered with.

"A lot of times they are not visible to the consumer. It's hard to tell," said
NCSO Lt. Rob Richards.

If you think you have been a victim of skimming, contact your financial
institution and your local police department.

___ (c)2017 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170126-NF-Credit-card-skimming-scam-affects
-Lockport-gas-station-customers-0126-20170126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2017 Niagara Gazette


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 30, 2016 Friday

Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruling could affect property owners in Berks County

BYLINE: Karen Shuey, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Dec. 30--Harrisburg, PA

The Pennsylvania Supreme Court has denied an appeal by Cumberland County
property owners who are fighting efforts by Sunoco Logistics to build a natural
gas transmission pipeline through their private lands.

The decision Thursday is likely to set a precedent that could influence the
outcome of similar cases being fought by Berks County residents who have been
targeted by the company in eminent-domain proceedings.

At least 13 property owners along the pipeline route in Brecknock, Cumru,
Robeson and Spring townships were initially taken to court over the installation
of the Mariner East 2 pipeline.

Sunoco plans to install two pipelines about 5 feet apart across much of
Pennsylvania. In its court filings, Sunoco called its Mariner East 2 pipeline
project one of the largest investments in the history of the state with the
potential to temporarily produce more than 30,000 jobs and an economic impact of
$4.2 billion.

But a handful of local residents have refused to make a deal.

And they are awaiting action in Berks County Court.

Sunoco argues that the state Public Utility Commission has recognized it as a
public utility. So, it said in the filing, it has the power to condemn property.

Michael F. Faherty of Harrisburg, an attorney for property owners along the
Mariner East 2 route in Berks and elsewhere, has disputed that claim.

He argues that Sunoco had not received all relevant government orders necessary
for it to have the power of eminent domain.

"I'm very disappointed in this latest decision," he said Friday. "The
Pennsylvania Supreme Court has traditionally been a strident protector of
property owner rights.

"We would have liked the court to take a look at whether the public truly is the
primary beneficiary of this project."

Faherty pointed out that this decision does not mean his Berks clients will meet
the same fate. But he acknowledged that it does set an unfortunate precedent for
future cases.

This is the first case challenging Sunoco's eminent-domain argument to reach the
Supreme Court level.

"Other cases may have somewhat different evidence that could result in a
different outcome," he said.

Contact Karen Shuey: 610-371-5081 or kshuey@readingeagle.com

Karen Shuey -- Reporter

Karen Shuey is the breaking news reporter at the Reading Eagle.

Phone: 610-371-5081

Email: kshuey@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2016 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161230-RE-Pennsylvania-Supreme-Court-ruling-could-affect
-property-owners-in-Berks-County-1230-20161230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2016 Reading Eagle


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: Metro roundup: Weather affects Valley events again

BYLINE: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 133 words


March 26--TERRE HAUTE -- Cold weather forced postponement of the West Vigo High
School softball opener against Marshall on Tuesday, although the two teams will
try again to play -- varsity teams only -- at 5 p.m. EDT today.

High school baseball between Marshall and Paris at Paris also was postponed,
with no new date set.

Basketball

--Stauffer in hospital -- At Melbourne, Fla., former Indiana State men's coach
Gordon Stauffer has been hospitalized in Holmes Regional Medical Center.

He reportedly suffered a stroke Friday night. Cards and correspondence may be
sent to Norma Stauffer at Stauffng@aol.com or to 1292 Cypress Trace Drive,
Melbourne, FL 32940.

___ (c)2014 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140326-TX-BRF-Metro-roundup-Weather-affects
-Valley-events-again-0326-20140326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2014 The Tribune-Star


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 21, 2013 Friday

Gusty winds, power outages affect Northland in wake of morning storms

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


June 21--Strong storms that moved across the Northland overnight and early this
morning have left gusty winds and power outages in their wake.

The National Weather Service reported a wind gust of 54 mph at the Duluth
airport at about 8 a.m. today.

There were numerous reports of trees and power lines down around the area during
the morning hours -- no doubt caused in large part by the combination of high
winds and saturated ground. Many parts of the Northland saw rainfall of 2 to 4
inches from Thursday through today, with some locations seeing in excess of 5
inches of rain.

Some flooding was reported in Superior, in the Central Park area. One of the
access roads to Barker's Island was closed after a culvert washed out -- in the
same place where a washout occurred a year ago during the historic flooding of
June 2012.

Power outages have affected numerous homes in the Northland this morning. As of
8:30 a.m., News Tribune staff and readers were reporting power outages in Duluth
Heights and in several Superior neighborhoods. Earlier in the morning there were
outages in the Woodland, Rice Lake, Lakewood and Mahtowa areas.

The Duluth International Airport lost power for about a half-hour on Friday
morning. Tom Werner, executive director of the Duluth Airport Authority, said it
happened at a quiet time in the terminal's daily schedule -- no flights were
delayed.

Staff fanned out through the terminal, which opened earlier this year, to make
sure all systems were running normally once power was restored.

"The first test of that kind for the new building went well," he said.

Minnesota Power spokeswoman Amy Rutledge said the utility was dealing with
numerous outages scattered across its service area, all weather-related from
downed trees and lines. She said repair crews would be out all day to restore
service to customers.

Lake Country Power reported a peak of more than 7,000 customers without power
this morning in the Grand Rapids and Kettle River areas; 4,000 of those
customers had power restored by midday. Most of the problems were caused by an
issue with a transmission line that cut power to two substations.

Gusty winds contributed to additional outages in the McGregor, Kettle River,
Sturgeon Lake and Grand Lake areas.

Elsewhere in Minnesota

Xcel Energy reported this morning that nearly 140,000 customers are without
power in central Minnesota, including the Twin Cities area, following severe
thunderstorms.

The company reported that about 1,500 outages were affecting about 139,600
customers before 7 a.m. Friday.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

___ (c)2013 Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News Tribune
(Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130621-DU-Gusty-winds-power-outages-affect
-Northland-in-wake-of-morning-storms-20130621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2013 Duluth News-Tribune


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday

DA: Closure won't affect office operations

BYLINE: Jeff Tucker, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 246 words


May 04--Pueblo District Attorney Jeff Chostner said that a smaller allotment of
community corrections beds isn't likely to have an effect on how his office
offers pleas or alternatives to prison sentences.

"The short answer is no," Chostner said Friday afternoon. "The only difference
is that some offenders may have to serve these types of sentences in other
places."

Colorado Springs is one possibility, he said.

Community Corrections Service Inc. announced Friday morning that it had agreed
with the Colorado Department of Justice to shut its doors after receiving poor
inspections, displacing 61 residents into other community corrections programs.

Occasionally, plea agreements will include community corrections sentences as
alternatives to prison or probation.

Community corrections also is an option for judges in some cases in which
verdicts are reached.

But the closure will remove some 118 beds from circulation. Minnequa Community
Corrections and Crossroads Therapeutic Community are still available in Pueblo.

Numbers of beds for those facilities weren't available at press time.

David Lipka, chief public defender in Pueblo, said it's too early to tell what
impacts CCSI's closure will have.

"It's something my office is looking into," he said. "I have to figure out next
week what we can do about it."

jtucker@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130504-PB-DA-Closure-won-t-affect-office-operations-0504-20130504

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: Trout fishing changes affects Erie County waters

BYLINE: Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 176 words


Oct. 03--The Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission voted to eliminate the Early
Season Trout Stocked Waters Program that included four waters in Erie County and
others in Mercer, Venango and Warren counties.

At their quarterly meeting Tuesday in Pittsburgh, commissioners approved a
notice of proposed rule-making to eliminate the 45-waterway program that offered
trout fishing in March. Those waters now will be designated as Approved Trout
Waters Open to Year-Round Fishing.

Affected waters include the East and West basin ponds at Presque Isle State
Park, Lake Pleasant and Upper Gravel Pit, as well as the Shenango River
tailwaters, Two Mile Run Reservoir and Chapman Dam Reservoir.

The commission said it will be able to stock trout more efficiently and closer
to opening day on streams that have been found to have trout residency problems,
and simplify trout regulations by eliminating a special-regulation program.

___ (c)2012 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121003-EI-BRF-Trout-fishing-changes-affects
-Erie-County-waters-1003-20121003

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2012 Erie Times-News


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

How will warm March affect birds?

BYLINE: Dawn Hewitt, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 753 words


March 18--Can you believe how warm it's been lately?

What is the effect of extra-early warm weather on birds? Will juncos leave
sooner? Will hummingbirds show up even before Tax Day?

Day length, not air temperature, is the most important signal for migration
timing. After all, how would a hummingbird in Mexico know that the Midwest is
having a warm March?

Some ruby-throated hummingbirds have already made their spring crossing of the
Caribbean and are back in The States. You can keep track of their northward
progress at www.hummingbirds.net/map.html.

Regarding the effects of early warm weather on the departure of juncos, "Not a
lot is known," said Indiana University biology professor Ellen Ketterson, a
world expert on dark-eyed juncos. "My gut says it's not going to make a lot of
difference, and that day length is much more important.

"We know that temperature influences onset of reproduction in juncos where we
study them in Virginia: warmer spring, earlier breeding. And we know that female
juncos are more likely to winter in Bloomington during warm winters. Warmer
winters predict shorter migrations by females. What I don't know is whether
juncos will depart earlier this year because it's been so warm," Ketterson said
in email.

Brock's Birds of Indiana lists April 6 as the date by which 90 percent of the
juncos have departed from southern Indiana, so if juncos vanish sooner than that
date, we'll be able to speculate that early warm weather did send them north
sooner than usual.

In a study published on Feb. 22 in the online journal PLoS ONE, researchers at
the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill looked at the effects of
temperature on spring migration in 18 bird species.

The researchers used data contributed by citizen scientists in eBird, a database
that has collected more than 48 million observations from 35,000 contributors
since 2002.

The study looked at the temperature on the dates birders first reported the
studied species at numerous locations. That allowed the researchers to determine
how closely bird migration coincides with temperature changes from year to year.

On average, each species returned 0.8 days earlier per degree Celsius of
temperature increase, the researchers found. Some species turned up three to six
days early for each degree of warmer air temperature.

Species that migrate slowly, such as red-eyed vireo and great crested
flycatcher, were the most adaptable to changes in temperature: A warm, early
spring brings them north more quickly.

"It makes sense that if you take your time to move north, you're sort of
checking out the surroundings around you," wrote lead researcher Allen Hurlbert,
assistant professor of biology at the university. "If the conditions seem too
cold, you can decide there's no point in moving on that day. Species that tended
to advance quickly, as well as those migrating from greater distances, such as
from Central or South America, were less able to adapt to temperature changes."

That suggests that brown thrashers, which winter not far south of us, might be
back to their nesting territories sooner than usual, but that scarlet tanagers,
which winter in South America, will start showing up locally in early April, as
usual.

Don't forget to look for the last robin of winter on Monday, and the first robin
of spring on Tuesday.

Contact birding columnist Dawn Hewitt at 812-331-4377 or dhewitt@heraldt.com

State mammal expert to speak in a week

John Whitaker Jr., a professor of biology at Indiana State University and author
of "The Audubon Field Guide to Mammals" and "Mammals of Indiana" and co-author
of "Bats of Indiana" will be the featured speaker at Sassafras Audubon Society's
spring meeting and dinner, March 25 at Grazie! Italian Eatery, 106 E. Sixth St.
in Bloomington.

Whitaker will give an interactive presentation on the bats of Indiana, focusing
on the present challenges in bat conservation, particularly the devastating
effects of wind farms and white-nose syndrome.

The evening kicks off at 5:30 p.m., with dinner to start at 6. Reservations are
required; email Julia Ferguson at fluvialjulia@gmail.com by Wednesday.

Prior to Whitaker's presentation, SAS will present its annual awards: the
Lifetime Conservationist Award to Indiana University hydrologist Bill Jones, and
the Don Whitehead Conservationist of the Year Award to native plant expert Ellen
Jacquart.

___ (c)2012 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120318-BM-How-will-warm-March-affect-birds-0318-20120318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2012 Herald-Times


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

Partial FAA shutdown might affect tower work at local airport

BYLINE: James Haggerty, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


July 26--A partial shutdown of the Federal Aviation Administration may have some
impact on construction of a new air traffic control tower at
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport.

Thousands of airport construction workers nationally were furloughed after
Congress failed on Friday to agree on an extension of the agency's operating
authority. The standoff resulted after House Republicans sought $16.5 million in
cuts for air-service subsidies at 13 rural communities and Senate Democrats
refused to go along with the reductions.

On Monday, the FAA identified work stoppages at seven major projects nationwide,
including the $20 million new tower at the local airport.

"There could be a delay," airport director Barry Centini said. "I think the
majority of the work is FAA work. The tower is pretty much done."

Construction of the eight-story tower got under way in December 2009 and was
funded through the federal stimulus, known as the American Reinvestment and
Recovery Act. It is expected to be operational next summer, Mr. Centini said.

According to The Associated Press, the FAA's operating authority expired at
midnight Friday, forcing a partial shutdown of the agency. Dozens of airport
construction projects across the country have been put on hold and thousands of
federal employees were out of work.

Air traffic controllers have continued to work, as well as FAA employees who
inspect the safety of planes and test pilots. Transportation officials have said
safety won't be compromised. But it was unclear how long the FAA can continue
day-to-day operations before travelers begin to feel the effects of the
shutdown.

The shutdown is costing the FAA about $30 million a day in lost revenue because
airlines no longer have authority to collect ticket taxes. That money goes into
an aviation trust fund. The fund "has a healthy balance now, but that would be
depleted in fairly rapid order" without congressional action, FAA

Administrator Randy Babbitt told reporters in a conference call.

Nearly 4,000 FAA employees in 35 states, and the District of Columbia and Puerto
Rico, who are paid from the trust fund have been furloughed.

About $2.5 billion in federal airport construction grants cannot be processed
because workers who handle those grants have been furloughed, officials said.
That, in turn, has halted construction projects.

U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey said for him and his colleagues in the Senate, the
disagreement and tie up in legislation centers on taxpayer funds still
subsidizing flights.

"This project could resume at any moment, and I hope it does," the senator said
in a statement. "For it to do that, my Senate colleagues would have to agree to
stop wasting taxpayer dollars on underutilized, subsidized flights. Given our
fiscal situation, these flight subsidies are unsustainable."

Mr. Toomey is referring to the so-called "Essential Air Service" program, which
"heavily" subsidizes flights at some smaller airports, said his press secretary,
Rebecca Neal.

Shawn M. Kelly, communications director for U.S. Rep. Lou Barletta, R-11,
Hazleton, said fault should be pinned on Democrats in the Senate for causing the
problem.

"Representative Barletta voted to extend these critical FAA programs, but once
again, the Senate's failure to act is the reason for this shutdown," Mr. Kelly
said. "And now, the people of Northeastern Pennsylvania are suffering because
the Democrat-controlled Senate will not pass a simple extension bill of FAA
programs."

A spokeswoman for U.S. Sen. Bob Casey said political "gamesmanship" is to blame.

"The senator is frustrated by this," said April Mellody. "Senator Casey's top
priority is job creation and he is disappointed that some in Washington have
again chosen to put gamesmanship before the economic needs of Pennsylvania and
the nation."

Renita Fennick, communications director for U.S. Rep. Tom Marino, R-10, Lycoming
Twp., said the congressman "hopes an agreement can be reached soon regarding the
FAA situation."

Steve McConnell, staff writer, contributed to this report.

Contact the writer: jhaggerty@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune, Scranton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110726-YT-Partial-FAA-shutdown-might-affect
-tower-work-at-local-airport-20110726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday

Changes in judicial districts could affect local courts

BYLINE: Chris Dumond, The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 805 words


July 21--A committee of judges is meeting in Danville tonight to consider plans
to make the state judiciary more efficient while dealing with state spending
cuts at the same time.

Questions about how to fund the judiciary came to a head last year in the
General Assembly when 18 open judgeships went unfilled due to spending cuts.

Lynchburg Circuit Court went without one of its two judges until this month,
leaving judges from Bedford, Amherst and Campbell counties traveling to pick up
the extra caseload.

Judge Patrick Yeatts was selected to fill a local circuit vacancy this year when
the legislature moved to fund some of the open judgeships. Yeatts had been a
judge in the lower general district court. The opening left by his promotion
remains funded but unfilled as local legislators failed to recommend a
replacement.

The existing 24th circuit includes Nelson, Amherst, Bedford and Campbell
counties and Lynchburg.

Earlier this year Sen. John Edwards, D-Roanoke, and Del. Bill Janis, R-Henrico,
proposed changing the circuit boundaries to remove Nelson County and to add
Appomattox, Buckingham and Prince Edward counties.

The Janis-Edwards plan would have reduced the number of circuits statewide from
31 to 19. Citing the nearly four decades that have passed since judicial
boundaries have been redrawn, the legislators noted discrepancies in caseloads
caused by changing demographics.

The proposed changes here and elsewhere stalled when the Supreme Court of
Virginia asked to study the bills and to offer its suggestions. A 22-member
committee was appointed by Chief Justice Cynthia Kinser and is set to report
back at the end of September.

That committee created two alternate proposals. One would reduce the number of
circuits statewide from 31 to 27. The other would maintain the existing circuits
but would divide them into 11 regions in which a chief judge could be charged
with allocating judges depending on caseload changes. The plans were formed
using the number of judges funded this year by the General Assembly.

Under the 27-circuit proposal, Buckingham and Appomattox counties would be added
to the local circuit along with an additional judge each in circuit, general
district and juvenile and domestic relations courts. The proposed circuit would
have one of the lowest caseloads per judge in the state, consistently under
caseload targets at all levels of court.

The 11-region plan would create a super circuit ranging from Franklin to
Mecklenburg counties to the south, Cumberland, Buckingham and Nelson to the
north, then south along Amherst and Bedford counties.

Judge Michael Gamble, the circuit court judge assigned to Amherst and Nelson
counties, agreed it is time to consider some boundary changes, but he
recommended against removing Nelson County.

"There is a true community of interest between Nelson County and Amherst
County," he said. "For 200 years... the counties have had the same judicial
district."

Gamble grew up in Nelson County and has spent much of his professional life in
Amherst County.  He said he was happy to see both committee proposals kept
Nelson County with a Lynchburg-centric circuit. He said he also supports adding
Appomattox County, which has clear traditional community ties with Lynchburg.

George W. Nolley, a Rustburg-based lawyer, said he was glad to see the feedback
in most of the earlier public meetings supported the regional plans, leaving
alone the existing circuit boundaries. The 27-circuit plan could mean some minor
short-term changes, he said, but would be more manageable than the General
Assembly stripping a judge away again, resulting in delays in cases being heard.

Loudoun County Circuit Court Judge Thomas Horne, who leads the committee, agreed
the regional plan has been preferred across the state in public comments at
meetings and in correspondence sent to the committee. The regional plan, Horne
said, preserves communities and the programs created to serve the existing court
system such as probation and parole districts and regional jails.

Of the three plans, he noted, it is the one with the least variation in
caseloads from region to region.

If it remains the preferred plan, the committee could fine-tune proposals for
exactly how the regions would be administered at one last committee meeting,
then submit a report back to the Supreme Court at the end of the summer, he
said.

Today's meeting is set to begin at 6 p.m. in Oliver Hall in the Temple Building
on Bonner Avenue at Danville Community College.

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News & Advance, Lynchburg,
Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110721-LY-Changes-in-judicial-districts-could-affect
-local-courts-0721-20110721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2011 The News & Advance
