
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 9, 2010 Thursday

Lineman embodies Centerville-Alter ties;
Thuney's family ties to Alter athletics run deep, and he has played sports with
Centerville players.

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 290 words


KETTERING - Joe Thuney lives about a mile from Centerville High School but is
one of Alter's best football players.

That's just where his connection to both worlds begins.

As the 6-foot-5 Thuney prepares to play both offensive and defensive line
against the Elks on Friday, Sept. 10, in the hugely anticipated matchup at
Centerville Stadium, consider:

* Thuney's family has a strong Alter athletic legacy, as his father Mike, uncle
Mark and aunt Marcia were all skilled Knights athletes.

* His mother, Beth, was a state tennis qualifier in doubles for Centerville.

* Thuney played on youth baseball and soccer teams with several Centerville
players.

* He was once part of the same group attending a school dance that included
Michael Bennett, Centerville's Ohio State-committed lineman.

While many players on both teams share relationships with this week's opponent,
few have as strong a tie to both sides - and will be as important to the outcome
- as Thuney.

With scholarship offers from Vanderbilt and Michigan State, among others, Thuney
is one of the Knights' better athletes, as well as the school's basketball
center. He should be on the field for a majority of the plays on Friday.

"I know every player who has come through here has wanted to play this game,"
Thuney said. "I feel blessed that I'm able to be part of it."

While some playful in-family jokes might come up this week with both Knights and
Elks in the household, Mike Thuney said there won't be any confusion when
they're part of the overflow crowd expected at Centerville Stadium for one of
the area's most anticipated regular-season games in a decade.

"When it comes to Joseph," he said, "we're on the same team."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "I know every player who has come through here has wanted to play this
game," Alter High School lineman Joe Thuney said of the highly anticipated
matchup Friday, Sept. 10, between the Knights and Centerville. "I feel blessed
that I'm able to be part of it." Staff photo by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday

Stained-glass windows in Alter chapel mark 50th anniversary;
Panels provided by anonymous donor tell story of school.

BYLINE: ByAdele Koehnen

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD3

LENGTH: 268 words


A vital part of Archbishop Alter High School's celebration of its 50th year in
education is the relocation and enlargement of its chapel and the addition of
five stained-glass windows..

KETTERING - A vital part of Archbishop Alter High School's celebration of its
50th year in education is the relocation and enlargement of its chapel and the
addition of five stained-glass windows.

Provided by an anonymous donor, the windows were designed, crafted and installed
by Beau-Verre Riordan Stained Glass Studios in Middle-town.

The windows tell the story of the school. The outer windows tell the story of
the life of Archbishop Karl J. Alter after whom the school was named and the
life of Elizabeth Ann Seton, founder of the Sisters of Charity who staffed the
school for many years.

"The middle windows share our past as founded on faith, the present as preserved
with pride and our future as sustained by the spirit," said the Rev. James
Manning, president of Alter High School.

"These words remind us that we are a Catholic school, the purpose and mission
our doors were opened in l962; the present is the strong tradition we have
inherited and a sustained spirit to our responsibility for future generations of
students by making necessary renovations."

The window in the sacristy tells the life of Saint Jean Vianney, the patron
saint of parish priests.

In progress are plaques between the chapel windows listing the names of priests
who have graduated from Alter and on the other, the names of priests who have
taught at Alter during the last 50 years.

Contact this contributing writer at Adeleauk4737@sbc global.net.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           December 25, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Jewish Friends Give Hospital Workers A Christmas Gift

BYLINE: TONY HOLT, Hernando Today

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 542 words


VOLUNTEERS FILL SHIFTS FOR HOLIDAY

By TONY HOLT

Hernando Today

SPRING HILL - In Boston, it is common among those of the Jewish faith to
volunteer to work at the local hospital to give their Christian friends the day
off.

That was not happening here in 1997, when physician Sheldon Alter and his wife,
Ruth, bought a house in Spring Hill.

Alter went to the board at Temple Beth David Jewish Center and suggested a
volunteer program. It was green-lighted immediately.

"It's nice to give back," he said. "Christmas is such an important holiday for
our Christian friends. We were happy to do it."

In all, 29 of the temple's 170-member congregation signed up to volunteer
Christmas Eve and today at Spring Hill Regional Hospital. A few others also
volunteer at the sister facility in Brooksville.

"There was an overflow of people who wanted to do it," Alter said. "So we're
doing four-hour shifts ? That won't put a strain on those who do it."

Being With Family Means A Lot

Alter, who graduated from medical school in 1964 and spent much of his career
working at a Catholic hospital in Boston, knew how much it meant for his
Christian co-workers to spend the holiday with their families.

He joined the temple with his wife in 1996, two years after buying their first
Florida home in Homosassa. They were seasonal residents during their first eight
years here and now make Spring Hill their permanent home.

"It's nice to see the Christmas babies and see babies going home for Christmas,"
said Ruth Alter, discussing what it is like to work at a hospital on Christmas
Day. Fewer patients occupy the facility because most people - even those who are
ailing - prefer to be with their families.

"They try to discharge as many as they can - at least those who can be home,"
Alter said. "It's quiet. I wouldn't say it's ghostlike. ? The nurses have to be
here. We can't replace the nurses."

The Spring Hill Regional Hospital Volunteer Auxiliary is headed by Mary Lou
Hattabaugh, who also is a member of the local temple.

Alter praised her for the work she does.

"This lady needs an awful lot of credit," he said. "She's so good and so caring.
It's a benefit to have her here."

Workers Show Their Appreciation

Hattabaugh said she has seen more of her fellow worshippers volunteering at
Spring Hill and Brooksville Regional. One of the reasons is because once they
sign up to work Christmas Eve and Day, they realize it is something they could
do year-round.

Finding volunteers was not a problem. Their duties range from pushing people in
wheelchairs to the X-ray rooms to working the reception desk. They are not
permitted to do any computer work because of medical confidentiality laws.

"Some of my friends volunteered to do minor surgery, but I told them they can't
do that," Alter joked.

"Most importantly, we walk around and talk to the people who are here," he
continued. "That is a big plus for the patients."

Their assistance does not go unrecognized or unrewarded. The same people they
replace on Christmas Day show up bringing gifts.

"Some of them will stop in with baked goods for us and leave them at the desk
for us," Ruth Alter said. "They really do appreciate it."

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 7, 2008 Thursday

High scores in low-points league;
Alter's Ryan Siggins tallies 32 points against Purcell Marian and 26 points
against Chaminade-Julienne.

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: CENTERVILLE AND WASHINGTON TWP; Pg. RH-8

LENGTH: 536 words


Big numbers in the individual scoring column are rare at Alter.

Joe Petrocelli has had more than his share of capable scorers in 44 years as the
school's only boys basketball coach who might go off for 40 points.

But its hard fill it up when the opponent is playing physical body-on-body
defense. Such is the week-to-week combat known as basketball in the Greater
Catholic League.

"In the last 20 years the winning teams in the GCL have only averaged in the
50s," said Petrocelli. "It's tough. You really have to work to get good shots.
So it's rare when you see anyone in the league having back-to-back games of 25
or 30 points."

Ryan Siggins, a 6-foot-5 junior, was able to put together a pair of high-scoring
games for the GCL Jan. 26 and 27. He had 32 points in a win over Cincinnati
Purcell Marian on a Saturday night and 26 in a 54-48 win over Chaminade-Julienne
on a Sunday night at UD Arena which was part of the annual Cage Classic.

His 32 points in a GCL game are would probably translate to over 50 against
non-league competition.

Petrocelli, the state's second winningest coach with 750 wins, keeps records on
everything regarding Alter hoops. He was able to grab a folder within a minute
of the question and answer "Ryan is only the 23rd guy in Alter basketball to
score more than 30 points."

Through 17 games, Siggins was having an outstanding year by GCL standards. He
was third in the league in scoring a 16.4 points per game, first in rebounding
at 9.0 per and fourth in free throw shooting a 75 percent

The real significance of the 32 points is that it is a Siggins family record at
Alter. The Siggins family name has a deep-rooted tradition in Alter and
University of Dayton sports.

Ryan's grandfather, Frank, was a star football player at UD in the 1950s. His
father, Joe, was one of Alter's stars in the early 1970s as the Knights became a
state power. He went on to be a starter at UD. The most points Joe Siggins had
in high school was 31.

"I'll take it," said Siggins. "30 points games are hard to come by here (at
Alter)."

Siggins played well at times last year as Alter's only starting sophomore. He
has also shown flashes in AAU summer ball that be could be a Division I college
prospect.

"Joe didn't really start to become a real good all-around player until midway
through his junior year. Ryan is developing the same way," said Petrocelli.
"Last year Ryan was laid back because he was a sophomore with seniors.

"This year as the season has gone on, each phase of his game had gotten better
and better."

The one feature of Siggins game which has come to the fore is using his
quickness. "Coach Petrocelli and my father have been on me all season about
taking the ball to the hole and getting to the free throw line," said Siggins.
"I've got a quick first step. But I just haven't looked to drive that much.

"But I've been concentrating on doing that since our Christmas tournament (in
North Carolina) and its made a difference. I'm getting to the line and making my
free throws. Teams are playing off me more so they won't get beat off the
dribble. So that gives me more room for the outside shot or to find the open man
with a pass.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2251 or dlong@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter junior Ryan Siggins (33) and Chaminade-Julienne senior Zach Kauth
(12) battle at the basket. Contributed photo by Peter Wine

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                  May 19, 2006

NEWSDESK

BYLINE: Jta, Ha'aretz

SECTION: News; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 741 words


Chomsky, Militants Meet

Noam Chomsky met with Hezbollah's leader, the Al-Manar TV network reported. The
terrorist group's station broadcast that the American linguist and Massachusetts
Institute of Technology professor met with Sheik Hassan Nasrallah in Beirut this
week, according to the Middle East Media Research Institute. "Hezbollah's
insistence on keeping arms is justified," Al-Manar quoted Chomsky, a critic of
American and Israeli foreign policy, as saying. "Nasrallah has a reasoned
argument" that the group should be armed "as a deterrent to potential
aggression." He also called the United States the leading terrorist state,
Al-Manar reported. Chomsky also spoke at the American University of Beirut's
Center for American Studies and Research.

Satmar Protest Feared

A protest by members of the Satmar Hasidic community last week led to the
cancellation of a fund-raising visit to Montreal by two leading Israeli
ultra-Orthodox rabbis.

The Gerer rebbe, Yaakov Aryeh Alter, and the head of the Lithuanian or mitnaged
Council of Torah Sages, Rabbi Aharon Leib Steinman, had landed in Toronto on May
16 and were to continue on to Montreal the next day, but canceled the visit over
concerns that it would spark riots.

Alter and Steinman are the spiritual heads of the United Torah Judaism party,
which is currently negotiating to enter Ehud Olmert's governing coalition.
Steinman has aroused the ire of Satmar Hasidim and their anti-Zionist allies
because he has approved initiatives for social integration of ultra-Orthodox
Jews in Israel, including professional training and limited military service.

The leader of the Montreal Satmar community, Rabbi Moshe Menachem Tirnaur,
reportedly called on followers in his May 13 Sabbath sermon "to prevent the
entrance of impurity," an apparent reference to Steinman. Satmar Hasidim
received a permit from Montreal police to demonstrate outside the home where
Steinman was to have stayed.

During their multi-city tour, which is to include Los Angeles, Chicago and New
York, Alter and Steinman are expected to consult with American and Canadian
ultra-Orthodox leaders on the status of coalition negotiations.

Alter, the head of United Torah Judaism's Hasidic wing, Agudat Yisrael, is said
to be reluctant to join the Olmert government because he is unhappy with the
government's offer of subsidies for large families. He is also said to be under
pressure from other rabbis to stay out because of Olmert's plan for convergence,
or further West Bank withdrawal. Steinman, who heads the mitnaged wing, Degel
Hatorah, is believed to favor joining the coalition.

Boycott Vote Eyed

Jewish groups are mobilizing to defeat another potential boycott of Israeli
academics, this time by Britain's largest union for college teachers.

The 65,000-member National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher
Education meets May 27 to May 29. Barring procedural stumbling blocks, the
association will vote on an "emergency motion" to blacklist Israeli lecturers
and academic institutions that don't publicly declare their opposition to
Israel's presence in the West Bank.

The move comes a year after another British union, the Association of University
Teachers, passed a similar Israeli boycott. The AUT later rescinded the decision
in the face of international criticism.

German Hate Crimes Up

Antisemitic crimes in Germany rose by 25% in 2005 over the previous year,
according to government statistics. The total number of antisemitic crimes was
reported to be 1,682, translating into five reported incidents per day, the
Federal Ministry of the Interior reported.

Soccer Fans Warned

Sepp Blatter, head of FIFA, the managing body of world soccer, told the Sunday
Times of London that racist behavior by the fans, players or management at this
summer's World Cup soccer championship in Germany could result in a country's
expulsion from the tournament. There have been stories recently about the
planned activities at the World Cup by racist soccer hooligans from Eastern
Europe known for embracing violence, antisemitic slogans and even Hitler as
their inspiration. The groups have sworn to engage in fierce battles with rivals
at the World Cup, to be held in Berlin from June 9 to July 9. To create a
positive atmosphere at the event, players will display banners saying "no" to
racism and discrimination before each World Cup match.

Beginning with the quarterfinals, the captain of each team will swear an
anti-racist oath.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 2, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

The 1993 CAMPAIGN;
The City: Much at Stake in Contests for Council, Comptroller and Advocate

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1378 words



 Public Advocate

Susan D. Alter, the Republican-Liberal candidate for Public Advocate, spent the
last day of the campaign stumping with the top of her ticket, Rudolph W.
Giuliani, at centers for the elderly across New York City while her Democratic
opponent, Mark J. Green, met with union supporters, attended to fund-raising
duties and campaigned among liberal voters in Park Slope, Brooklyn.

With Mr. Green well ahead in the polls, interest in the race has focused largely
on its impact on the mayoral campaign. Ms. Alter, a Democratic Councilwoman,
Orthodox Jew and the only woman seeking citywide office, could draw women,
Jewish and conservative Democratic voters to Mr. Giuliani. Mr. Green is popular
among liberal and Jewish voters, both important swing constituencies that Mr.
Dinkins needs to win.

After running a low-profile media campaign for much of the race, Mr. Green has
released television commercials in recent days that highlight his
accomplishments as the city's Commissioner of Consumer Affairs. Ms. Alter, who
has been running commercials for several weeks focusing on her record as a City
Councilwoman, has turned to attacking Mr. Green in her most recent spots.

While Ms. Alter has little field operation of her own and will depend heavily on
the drawing power of Mr. Giuliani, Mr. Green's aides say they have assembled a
citywide corps of 1,000 volunteers who will distribute literature and get out
the vote today. They will focus their efforts in areas where Mr. Green can help
Mr. Dinkins, particularly in Queens, Mr. Green's aides said.

Secession From Both Sides

Advocates and opponents of a referendum to allow Staten Island to secede from
New York City waged their battle across the island yesterday, appearing on
television programs, distributing literature on the Staten Island Ferry and
appealing to voters in newspaper advertisements -- even though the results of
today's vote are considered a foregone conclusion.

Both sides say the referendum will pass easily, but anti-secessionists are
hoping to keep the yes vote below 60 percent while pro-secessionists are seeking
to push it above 66 percent -- each figure considered an important psychological
benchmark.

If the measure passes, it would have to be approved by the Republican-controlled
state Senate, the Democratic-controlled state Assembly and Gov. Mario M. Cuomo
before Staten Island could become the state's second-largest city.

Opponents, who include unions representing teachers, transit workers and
white-collar municipal employees, argue that Staten Island lacks the economic
base to survive independently and that secession will lead to tax increases and
service cuts. They also contend that zoning laws will be revamped to allow more
concentrated development along the island's shores.

But proponents, who include Borough President Guy V. Molinari, most of the local
elected officials and the Chamber of Commerce, say government costs can be pared
to avoid tax increases. And though there may be protracted litigation with the
city over municipal land and buildings, the end result will be a new pride on
Staten Island, they say.

"Isn't it worth the price of an ugly divorce to have happiness and freedom?"
said Mr. Molinari on WNBC-TV on Sunday.

City Council

Although the Democratic majority in the 51-member Council led by Speaker Peter
F. Vallone is in no danger of collapsing, Republican challengers are threatening
to take seats away from Democratic incumbents in four races in Brooklyn, Queens
and Staten Island.

The Council is also virtually assured of picking up three new Democratic members
who will replace two members who retired in Brooklyn and one Bronx lawmaker who
has been indicted on fraud charges.

The most contested race is on Manhattan's East Side, where the Republican Andrew
S. Eristoff, the 30-year-old scion of the Phipps family fortune, is trying to
hold onto the seat he won last spring in a special election, spending more than
$329,000, much of it his own money, on this race. His challenger, Jane R.
Crotty, a school teacher and community board member, came in second in the
special election and has strong support from the Democratic Party and unions.

In Brooklyn, Sal F. Albanese, a veteran Democratic lawmaker, is fighting off a
stout challenge in a conservative district from Republican Joseph F. DeFina, and
on Staten Island, another veteran Democrat, Jerome X. O'Donovan, is up against a
strong Republican bid from Lee Covino, an aide to Borough President Guy V.
Molinari.

In Queens, the longest serving Democrat in the Council, Walter Ward, who is 82
years old, has a tough contest on his hands from Alphonso C. Stabile, a
real-estate investor who has spent more than $100,000 to force Mr. Ward out. And
Walter L. McCaffrey, a powerful Democrat from Maspeth, may be in trouble. He
faces a tough challenge from James J. Dillon, a former Democrat and community
board member.

Term Limits

The supporters and opponents of a referendum that would limit New York City's
elected officials to two consecutive terms, or eight years, in office concluded
their brief, mostly unpublicized campaigns yesterday with appeals on the air
waves and on the streets.

Both sides agree that the referendum, Proposal 4, would bring one of the most
radical changes to government in the city's history.

Supporters of the referendum, which reached the ballot largely because of the
efforts of Ronald S. Lauder, the cosmetics family heir who ran unsuccessfully
for mayor in 1989, expressed confidence that voters frustrated with entrenched
incumbency would pass the measure overwhelmingly.

Opponents, including most elected city officials, acknowledge that the
referendum has popular support but say limits would deprive voters of their
right to choose and force out effective lawmakers with the deadwood.

Former Gov. Hugh L. Carey urged New Yorkers to vote against the referendum.
"Don't sell your franchise to some millionaire who wants to run this city with
his bankroll," Mr. Carey said.

Lacking the resources of Mr. Lauder, who has spent more than $1 million, the
opponents have relied on a grass-roots effort. "As I'm stumping for myself, I'm
stumping against term limits as well," said Councilman Walter L. McCaffrey, a
Queens Democrat.

The referendum, which the State Court of Appeals ordered on the ballot only two
weeks ago, would limit the terms of the mayor, comptroller, public advocate,
borough presidents and City Council members.

A New York Post/WNYW-TV poll released yesterday showed 50 percent of voters in
favor of the measure and 35 percent opposed, compared with 55 and 29 percent a
week ago. The poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 1/2
percentage points.

City Comptroller

The candidates for New York City comptroller spent the final day of campaigning
seeking votes from subway commuters and the elderly, revving up supporters at
rallies and putting in joint appearances with the two mayoral candidates whose
fate may help determine the outcome of their race.

Alan G. Hevesi, 53, the Democratic Assemblyman from Queens who is leading in
polls, raised money in the morning and then appealed to voters at a center for
the elderly in Queens and a subway stop in lower Manhattan. He appeared with
Mayor David N. Dinkins at an afternoon get-out-the-vote youth rally for the
Democratic ticket at a downtown hotel and at a dinner in the Park Slope section
of Brooklyn. In between events he dropped in on Local 1199 of the hospital
workers union, which had endorsed him, to thank campaign volunteers.

Herman Badillo, 64, the former Congressman from the Bronx running on the
Republican-Liberal line, crisscrossed the city with Rudolph W. Giuliani, the
Republican-Liberal mayoral candidate, on a hectic schedule that included visits
to seven senior centers in Brooklyn and Queens and rallies in all five boroughs.

Mr. Badillo, staging a political comeback since he last held elective office 15
years ago, has made a contest of the race, despite the Democrats' advantage in
voter registration, because of his high name recognition and his alliance with a
strong mayoral candidate. Mr. Hevesi, however, is shown in polls to be ahead by
up to 15 percentage points.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

MID CAMB 9/12/16 LEGAL NOTICE Mid Cambridge Ne

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston: The state of Massachusetts has issued the following news release:



 MID CAMB 9/12/16



 LEGAL NOTICE



 Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Conservation District Commission



 Notice is hereby given that the Commission will hold a Public Hearing on
Monday, September 12, 2016 at 6:00 PM in the 2nd floor Meeting Room, City Hall
Annex., 344 Broadway, Cambridge to consider the following applications under Ch.
2.78, Article III of the City Code and the Order establishing the Commission:





 MC-5053: 20 Leonard Avenue, by Jeremy Angier. Alter garage.



 MC-5054: 334 Harvard Street, by Akelius. Renovate exterior, replace windows,
alter balcony railings, construct new entry, install solar panels or green roof,
construct railing for roof deck, and alter barrel roof.



 MC-5055: 44 Roberts Road, Unit #2, by Michael and Jennifer Jacobs. Alter
windows.



 MC-5056: 6 Maple Avenue, by John Herron and Julia Moore. Construct addition and
alter grade for driveway.



 Nancy Goodwin, Chair



 Cambridge Chronicle, 9/1/16 and 9/8/16



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.info

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

MID CAMB 9/12/16 LEGAL NOTICE Mid Cambridge Ne

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston: The state of Massachusetts has issued the following news release:



 MID CAMB 9/12/16



 LEGAL NOTICE



 Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Conservation District Commission



 Notice is hereby given that the Commission will hold a Public Hearing on
Monday, September 12, 2016 at 6:00 PM in the 2nd floor Meeting Room, City Hall
Annex., 344 Broadway, Cambridge to consider the following applications under Ch.
2.78, Article III of the City Code and the Order establishing the Commission:





 MC-5053: 20 Leonard Avenue, by Jeremy Angier. Alter garage.



 MC-5054: 334 Harvard Street, by Akelius. Renovate exterior, replace windows,
alter balcony railings, construct new entry, install solar panels or green roof,
construct railing for roof deck, and alter barrel roof.



 MC-5055: 44 Roberts Road, Unit #2, by Michael and Jennifer Jacobs. Alter
windows.



 MC-5056: 6 Maple Avenue, by John Herron and Julia Moore. Construct addition and
alter grade for driveway.



 Nancy Goodwin, Chair



 Cambridge Chronicle, 9/1/16 and 9/8/16



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.info

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

MID CAMB 9/12/16 LEGAL NOTICE Mid Cambridge Ne

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston: The state of Massachusetts has issued the following news release:



 MID CAMB 9/12/16



 LEGAL NOTICE



 Mid Cambridge Neighborhood Conservation District Commission



 Notice is hereby given that the Commission will hold a Public Hearing on
Monday, September 12, 2016 at 6:00 PM in the 2nd floor Meeting Room, City Hall
Annex., 344 Broadway, Cambridge to consider the following applications under Ch.
2.78, Article III of the City Code and the Order establishing the Commission:





 MC-5053: 20 Leonard Avenue, by Jeremy Angier. Alter garage.



 MC-5054: 334 Harvard Street, by Akelius. Renovate exterior, replace windows,
alter balcony railings, construct new entry, install solar panels or green roof,
construct railing for roof deck, and alter barrel roof.



 MC-5055: 44 Roberts Road, Unit #2, by Michael and Jennifer Jacobs. Alter
windows.



 MC-5056: 6 Maple Avenue, by John Herron and Julia Moore. Construct addition and
alter grade for driveway.



 Nancy Goodwin, Chair



 Cambridge Chronicle, 9/1/16 and 9/8/16







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.info

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 13, 2005 Tuesday

Alter defense stars in win over Fairmont

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi mgokavi@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 382 words


KETTERING - Alter High School girls basketball coach Chris Hart struggled to
answer the question: Who is the Knights' best defender?

It was a fair inquiry Monday night after Alter's 39-27 victory over visiting
crosstown rival Fairmont. The Knights forced 22 turnovers, batted away countless
passes and suffocated Fairmont's offense.

"Louise (VandenBosch), Caitlyn (Mauch) and Jen (Van Oss) - all three of them are
really good post defenders," Hart said. "Out on the perimeter, really all four
of our guards have different strengths."

Thanks for narrowing that down, coach.

Actually, Hart has a point. Courtney Chihil, Autumn Heflin, Moira Cummins and
Meghan Waterman all played a role as the Knights expanded a 21-13 halftime lead
to 30-15 after three quarters.

Hart said Alter associate head coach Kendal Peck told Fairmont coach Tim (Cogan)
before the game, " 'First team to 30 wins' because they play such good defense,
too."

The Knights (2-1) got 11 points from VandenBosch, seven from Mauch and six from
Waterman.

"They played well," Cogan said. "But I don't think we handled ourselves well. I
think we gave them a lot of opportunities to score and they took advantage of it
- to their credit."

Alter's coaching staff teaches each aspect of on-ball defense, out-of-bounds
plays and the shell drill.

"We have five people around the key and we just pass it around and play help
defense, deny," VandenBosch said. "Then we do dribble-drive with that and
pass-andcut."

Along with a game-day runthrough of defending other team's offenses, Alter's way
is effective. "Our coaches do a really good job on scouting," VandenBosch said.
"They're great."

Alter led the whole way, turning a 17-13 lead into 26-13 just after halftime.
Both programs have had recent success, making victory sweeter.

"They're great competition," VandenBosch said. "We always like beating them and
they always like beating us."

The Firebirds (4-3) couldn't often escape Alter's in-your-face defense. Driving
and back-door cuts were rare.

"They do a good job of climbing up next to you and avoiding the contact," Cogan
said. "You've got to take advantage of that and go by them."

Stephanie Bamberger scored six of her team-high seven in the final quarter.
Abbie Dalton and Lacy Romine finished with six apiece.

Contact Mark Gokavi at 225-6951.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NICK FALZERANO/FOR THE DAYTON DAILY NEWS ALTER'S Autumn Heflin brings
the ball up the court against Fairmont on Monday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Nationals next for Air City Chicks;
Honoring local athletes

SECTION: SOUTHERN MONTGOMERY COUNTY/WARREN COUNTY; Pg. OZSR6

LENGTH: 94 words


The Air City Chicks 18-Pink Extreme volleyball team recently won the Nike
mideast qualifier 18-USA division, which qualifies it for the Junior Olympic
National Tournament in June in Minneapolis. Team members are (from left) front
row: Kyra Ungerleider, Alter High School; Maggie Schutter, Centerville; Alyssa
West, Beaver-creek; Natalie Seiler, Alter; and Mary Rodehaver, Alter; and back
row: head coach Kelley Koons; Jocelyn Meyer, Alter; Melissa Beach, Alter; Beth
Stumpf, CJ; Madison Johnson, Beavercreek; Maddie Bazelak, Alter; and assistant
coach Javon Hammonds.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday

Knights teach hockey to players with disabilities;
Partnership has created a unique learning experience for the team.;
Focus on your home team Alter Knights

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz

SECTION: HUBER HEIGHTS, RIVERSIDE, DAYTON AND VANDALIA; Pg. RC7

LENGTH: 502 words


The Alter Knights hockey team has shared its time and talent the past two
seasons with the Special Hockey Columbus Blue Jackets, a Columbus Chill Youth
Hockey Association team composed of young people with physical and developmental
disabilities. CONTRIBUTED PHOTO

For the Alter Knights, hockey is about more than wins and losses, shots and
saves. It's about sharing their time and talent.

For the past two seasons, the Knights have worked with the Special Hockey
Columbus Blue Jackets, a Columbus Chill Youth Hockey Association team composed
of young people with physical and developmental disabilities.

Special hockey got its start in the United States in 1996 in St. Louis.

There are now more than 50 American Special Hockey Association programs in 30
cities enabling athletes with disabilities to learn and compete in a safe and
supportive environment.

"It's very inspiring to see them playing," Alter junior forward Austin Collins
said of the special hockey players.

"Skating is second nature to us, but they have to really work at it, and you can
see how much they want it. They really look forward to it."

That enthusiasm is contagious. The Knights' second trip to volunteer in Columbus
this year was scheduled after their hockey season was finished, so the coaches
made it optional because many of the players had already started playing a
spring sport.

Not a single Alter player missed the trip.

"They all really enjoy working with the kids, and they get so much out of it,"
Knights team manager Art Collins said. "It's very worthwhile for our kids and
their kids."

Making a difference

Kettering mom Karen Solarek has seen the impact the program has had on her son
Tom, a sophomore defenseman for the Knights.

"It has really helped him to appreciate all that he has," Solarek said. "And it
shows him how to give back. From a parent's perspective, it's an awesome
program."

Alter hockey has long strived to incorporate a philanthropic component into its
program, even though it must also raise money for its own team's expenses.

"We have fundraisers every year because hockey is not a cheap sport," Art
Collins said. "But we also think it's important to share what we have, so we put
aside a portion of our funds to help others."

That money has helped offset ice costs for the Blue Jackets team. But the
Knights make more than monetary donations. They face off against the special
hockey squad in games and scrimmages and also have hosted a clinic.

"It's cool to teach hockey because you don't get a lot of opportunities to do
that," Austin Collins said. "And helping them also enables me to work on my
skills and see areas where I can improve."

Building relationships

A shared love of hockey has been the foundation for player relationships that
grow stronger every season. Some of the Knights have cheered on the Blue Jackets
at games the past few seasons. Likewise, some Blue Jackets players were in the
stands when the Knights played in the state tournament.

"It really has turned into a neat relationship," Solarek said.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 12, 2010 Friday

Area's bigger schools give better competition;
Top-level girls hoop talent more spread out among local teams

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 744 words


In early January, after losing consecutive games to drop to 6-3, Vandalia Butler
High School girls basketball coach John Schmidt called a team-only locker room
meeting.

"We were going too many directions," said Schmidt, whose team began the season
No. 1 in the DDN area Division I ratings. "We had to bring the girls together
and lay it on the line."

In a half-hour talk, Schmidt told the players they needed to air out personal
feelings, or the team would collapse.

"There were tears flying, accusations flying, and then (Butler's assistant
coach) and I left the room," Schmidt said. "I said, 'Don't come out until you've
settled on your goals for the season.'

"We've remembered that."

A newly determined Butler, part of a similarly talented and driven area girls
basketball pool, then went 15-1 from then to advance to a Division I regional
final on Saturday, March 13, against Fairmont. That will be part of one of the
most notable weekends ever in the sport for the area.

Butler, Fairmont, Alter and Chaminade Julienne will make up four spots in the
D-I and D-II regional finals, the first time enthusiasts can remember such a
happening. Usually knocked out by powerful Cincinnati-area foes, the Dayton-area
schools instead now own the region and enter a weekend many consider a
celebration of that skill.

"I can't remember anything like it," said Beaver-creek coach Ed Zink, who
recently completed his 35th season at the school and improved his career record
to 651-171.

Another shot

Even better, each game is a rematch.

As members of the Girls Greater Cincinnati League Grey North Division, Alter and
CJ - which will play a D-II regional final at 7:30 p.m. today at Springfield
High School - split their two regular-season meetings. Visiting Alter topped CJ
46-45 on Dec. 16 on a late driving layup by guard Ashley Christie to help the
Knights overcome a 14-2 deficit.

On Jan. 29, CJ got its revenge at the Nutter Center, 50-42 behind 22 points from
University of Connecticut recruit Samarie Walker.

Now, after passing through Cincinnati and Columbus foes, there will be Round 3.

"It's amazing that there are two teams from the same conference (in each game),"
said Alter coach Chris Hart, in her 16th season with the school. "Girls
basketball here has been very good, but some Cincinnati schools have kind of
dominated the scene."

Particularly at the D-I level, in which Greater Western Ohio Conference mates
Fairmont and Butler rolled through Princeton and Walnut Hills in regional
semifinals. Cincinnati Mount Notre Dame had its streak of four straight state
titles stopped earlier in the postseason, which provided an opportunity for the
Fire-birds and Aviators to bring high stakes into their own rematch.

On Jan. 11, host Butler used a 12-6 burst in the third quarter and 13 points off
the bench from Sami Baker to defeat Fairmont 39-31. It was important, Schmidt
said, that Butler held Fairmont's Cassie Sant, a 6-foot-2 University of Dayton
recruit, to seven points.

It was also the first game after the emotional locker room meeting.

A strong year

The season has been impressive for bigger-school girls basketball.

In D-I, five GWOC teams won at least 16 games, led by Fairmont's 21-2 record. In
the GGCL, Alter (No. 3) and CJ (8) finished the season with state rankings, and
Carroll (15-7) was strong throughout. Bell-brook filled its schedule with bigger
opponents and finished 16-7.

The teams will hope to follow a line of Miami Valley respect gained from seven
state championships won by Beavercreek, CJ and Alter from 1995-07.

"For a time there were very high-profile athletes going to major Division I
schools," said Fairmont coach Tim Cogan, who is trying to lead the school to its
first state tournament in girls basketball. "I think you have a handful of those
kids now, but the table's a little more even."

CJ coach Duane Williams was a longtime president of the Dayton Lady HoopStars.
He now runs a new AAU venture in which he coaches several Alter players and has
watched many of the players in both games progress through their youth. While
some said Miami Valley talent took a dip following the early 2000s, Williams
said these games help to prove that isn't true.

"There was some talk that southwestern Ohio and even Dayton was down, but I
don't buy it," Williams said. "I think it's more parity, more balance. It's not
everyone combined at one or two schools like it was 10 of 15 years ago."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter senior guard Ashley Christie will try to lead the Knights to a
third straight berth in the girls basketball state semifinals. Contributed photo
by E.L. Hubbard

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

Dance bumps Alter-CJ game

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 300 words


The sudden dose of winter weather has played havoc with area boys and girls
sports schedules. But that's not the case for this weekend's boys basketball
game between Greater Catholic League North rivals Alter and Chaminade Julienne.

Scheduled for Saturday at Fairmont's Trent Arena, the game has been bumped to 4
p.m. Sunday at Kettering Middle School because of a mother/son dance at CJ on
Saturday.

"Well, you try to accommodate everybody," said Alter coach Joe Petrocelli.

"We could have played in the afternoon, but we couldn't get the Trent."

That's because Dunbar and Trotwood-Madison have Trent Arena locked up on Sunday
with freshman (2 p.m.), reserve (3:30 p.m.) and varsity (5 p.m.) boys games.

UD Arena also wasn't an option. The debut of the three-game Cin Day Sunday
Showcase is at UD, featuring Yellow Springs vs. Summit Country Day (4 p.m.),
Miami Valley vs. Cincinnati Country Day (5: 30 p.m.) and Jefferson vs. Purcell
Marian (7 p.m.).

Alter (7-3) has lost to only one Ohio team, unbeaten Cincinnati Moeller, No. 1
in the state in Division I, in the opener.

CJ (3-7) has found new life, winning three straight after opening the season
0-7. The freshmen will open at KMS (1 p.m.), followed by the reserves (2:30
p.m.) and varsity.

"It's a good Sunday for basketball," said Petro.

FIRING BACK: Huntington Prep (W. Va.) coach Rob Rulford unloaded a retort to
Akron SVSM coach Dru Joyce's assertion that Huntington's roster was filled with
19- and 20-year-olds at last weekend's Flyin' to the Hoop.

"Every kid on our team is of high school age and are still in high school," said
Rulford in an e-mail. "We do not accept reclassified or postgraduate kids at our
school."

Huntington, a second-year school, defeated SVSM, 63-48.

Contact this writer at (937) 225-2381 or mpendleton@Dayton DailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Nationals next for Air City Chicks;
Honoring local athletes

SECTION: GREENE COUNTY/CLARK COUNTY; Pg. OZER6

LENGTH: 94 words


Beach, Alter; Beth Stumpf, CJ; Madison Johnson, Beavercreek; Maddie Bazelak,
Alter; and assistant coach Javon Hammonds.

The Air City Chicks 18-Pink Extreme volleyball team recently won the Nike
mideast qualifier 18-USA division, which qualifies it for the Junior Olympic
National Tournament in June in Minneapolis. Team members are (from left) front
row: Kyra Ungerleider, Alter High School; Maggie Schutter, Centerville; Alyssa
West, Beaver-creek; Natalie Seiler, Alter; and Mary Rodehaver, Alter; and back
row: head coach Kelley Koons; Jocelyn Meyer, Alter; Melissa

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2012 Bundesanzeiger Verlag GmbH, Alle Rechte
                                  Vorbehalten

            Handelsregister Bekanntmachungen (Bundesanzeiger Verlag)

                                23. Oktober 2012

                      DIR Deutsche Investor Relations GmbH

                             Alte Jakobstraße 85/86
                                 Berlin  10179


ALTE ADDRESSE: Iserlohn,

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
RUBRIK: Neueintragung, 51, 14046 Charlottenburg (Berlin)
AUSGABE: 297, 2012 HRB 145254 B

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: Juni 2010
RECHTSFORM: GmbH


HR-ART:  HRB
ALT HR-ART:  HRB
HR-NR:  145254 B
ALT HR-NR:  7188

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *


NAME:   Herr André-Marcell Doerk
POSITION:  Geschäftsführer (erstgenannter)
ADRESSE:  Berlin
GEBURTSDATUM:  10.12.1980
EINTRITTSDATUM:  18.10.2012

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *
Der Betrieb einer Agentur für Investor Relations, insbesondere für
nordamerikanische Unternehmen (USA und Kanada) und dem übrigen
angloamerikanischen sowie dem pazifischen Wirtschaftsraum angehörende
Unternehmen.

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
WZ 03:
74.14.1 - Unternehmensberatung

KENNZAHLEN:

KAPITAL:  25000

TEXT: In () gesetzte Angaben der Anschrift und des Geschäftszweiges erfolgen
ohne Gewähr. Neueintragungen 18.10.2012 DIR Deutsche Investor Relations GmbH,
Berlin, Alte Jakobstraße 85/86, 10179 Berlin. Firma: DIR Deutsche Investor
Relations GmbH Sitz / Zweigniederlassung: Berlin, Geschäftsanschrift:, Alte
Jakobstraße 85/86, 10179 Berlin Gegenstand: Der Betrieb einer Agentur für
Investor Relations, insbesondere für nordamerikanische Unternehmen (USA und
Kanada) und dem übrigen angloamerikanischen sowie dem pazifischen
Wirtschaftsraum angehörende Unternehmen. Stamm- bzw. Grundkapital: 25.000,00 EUR
Vertretungsregelung: Ist ein Geschäftsführer bestellt, so vertritt er die
Gesellschaft allein. Sind mehrere Geschäftsführer bestellt, wird die
Gesellschaft gemeinschaftlich durch zwei Geschäftsführer oder durch einen
Geschäftsführer in Gemeinschaft mit einem Prokuristen vertreten.
Alleinvertretungsbefugnis kann erteilt werden. Geschäftsführer:, 1. Doerk,
André-Marcell, *10.12.1980, Berlin, mit der Befugnis die Gesellschaft allein zu
vertreten mit der Befugnis Rechtsgeschäfte mit sich selbst oder als Vertreter
Dritter abzuschließen Rechtsform: Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung,
Gesellschaftsvertrag vom: 25.06.2010 Durch Beschluss der
Gesellschafterversammlung vom 16.03.2012 ist der Sitz der Gesellschaft von
Iserlohn (Amtsgericht Iserlohn, HRB 7188) nach Berlin verlegt und der
Gesellschaftsvertrag geändert in § 1 (Sitz) und § 2 (Gegenstand). Bemerkung: Tag
der ersten Eintragung: 28.10.2010.

UPDATE: 25. Oktober 2012


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Alter Imaging, Inc.

                                1900 South Blvd
                                    Ste 304
                              Charlotte,  NC 28203
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 704-770-9900
URL: http://www.alterimaging.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://facebook.com/alterimaging/
http://www.linkedin.com/company/alter-imaging
https://plus.google.com/105749266200839166452\
https://twitter.com/alterimaging
https://twitter.com/calitrim2
https://twitter.com/MikeMiller0311
https://www.flickr.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 427167

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Alter Imaging, Inc. is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Lifts, Snacks, Solutions, Sems, Event Planning, and 6 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Alter Imaging, Inc. does business in the
Agriculture, Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as 21 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Alter Imaging, Inc. has at least 2 business locations.
The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Alter Imaging is a
Charlotte digital marketing agency offering website design, SEO services and
custom web development."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Computer Integrated Systems
Design

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54151200
SIC CODES:
73730000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Lifts
     ·    Snacks
     ·    Solutions


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Sems
     ·    Snacks
     ·    Solutions


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Event Planning
     ·    Rentals


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Gold
     ·    Organic
     ·    PEEK
     ·    Platinum


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Oakley Inc., (foreign Parent Is Zarges Gmbh Weilheim
Germany.)


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Backgrounds, Banners, Billboards, Brads, Business Forms,
Buttons, Catalysts, Channels, Cleaners, Clothing, Coins, Consumer Electronics,
Credit Cards, Desktop Computers, Elements, Event Planning, Feeds, Felt, Filters,
Flats, Games, Generators, Gold, Grids, Guides, Hardware, Indexing, Lifts,
Measures, Molds, Nets, Organic, Overalls, Panels, PEEK, Pens, Pictures,
Platforms, Platinum, Posters, Posts, Rentals, Scopes, Seats, Sems, Shirts,
Snacks, Solutions, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Targets, Telephones, Toggles,
Transitions

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 3, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

THE 1993 ELECTIONS: Public Advocate;
Green Breezes in Rematch From Primary

BYLINE: By JONATHAN P. HICKS

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 888 words


Mark J. Green, the once-defeated Senate candidate who became a popular consumer
affairs commissioner, was an easy winner yesterday against Susan D. Alter in the
race for Public Advocate, the city's second-highest office.

With 91 percent of the precincts having reported by 12:45 this morning, Mr.
Green had 61 percent of the vote to 36 percent for Ms. Alter in the race for the
post formerly known as City Council President. Mr. Green had 842,898 votes and
Ms. Alter 498,889.

In his victory against Ms. Alter, a Democratic City Council member who ran as a
Republican on an alliance ticket with Rudolph W. Giuliani, the 48-year-old Mr.
Green was able to amass a coalition that included nearly every segment of the
city's population.

Speaking amid a cascade of green and white balloons before about 300 supporters
at the Sheraton New York Hotel about 11 P.M. last night, Mr. Green said, "I will
be a quality-of-life cop, patrolling city services on behalf of working families
in our town."

He said that he had run a "purely positive campaign based on issues, ideals and
ideas -- and it worked."

Mr. Green promised that as Public Advocate he would "confront racial
discrimination" and would conduct an investigation into city services aimed at
producing a "smaller, smarter and better city government." He also promised to
hold community forums and gave out a post office box number for citizens to
write him.

'I Had to Catch Up'

In her concession speech, at Mr. Giuliani's headquarters at the New York Hilton,
Ms. Alter said that her late arrival in the race -- she entered the Democratic
and Republican primaries in May after being offered a place on the ticket by Mr.
Giuliani -- was a factor in her poor showing.

"There was so much I had to catch up on and there was really no time to do
that," she said.

There has been wide speculation that even if she lost to Mr. Green, Ms. Alter
would be offered a senior position by Mr. Giuliani if he were to win. She
remained hopeful, saying, "There will be a lot happening in New York City and I
want to be a part of that excitement." She closed her speech by leading led the
crowd in a chant Mr. Giuliani's name.

Having won handily in the Democratic primary last September over a field of six
candidates, including Ms. Alter, Mr. Green was never seriously challenged,
despite a barrage of attacks by the Republican-Liberal candidate.

After a decade of working closely with Ralph Nader, the consumer advocate, and
more than three years as a commissioner known for exposing consumer abuses in a
number of industries, Mr. Green gained renown and respect from the public. Ms.
Alter's campaign ultimately found that reputation difficult to tarnish.

As Public Advocate, Mr. Green will be first in line to succeed the Mayor in the
event of an emergency. The position calls for the office holder to act as an
ombudsman, assuring that citizens have access and information on the operation
of the city's government. He may also introduce legislation in the City Council.

Despite the scant public attention accorded the race, Mr. Green undertook an
active campaign, traveling to every borough and courting voters in all ethnic
groups. In recent weeks, Mr. Green criss-crossed the city at a frantic pace,
selling his ideas on the Public Advocate's position with a staff of young,
energetic campaign workers.

A glib speaker, Mr. Green prided himself on not tailoring his campaign to any
constituency.

'All Colors and Religions'

While other candidates spoke of building their support from various ethnic and
racial groups, Mr. Green often said, "I consider my constituency to be
consumers, and they come in all colors and religions."

Ms. Alter also campaigned actively, appearing frequently with Mr. Giuliani and
Herman Badillo, the candidate for comptroller. But the Republican-Liberal
candidate spoke as frequently of her disenchantment with Mayor David N. Dinkins
and her support of Mr. Giuliani as she did of her ideas for the office.

Ms. Alter, 51 years old and an orthodox Jew who has represented a largely black
district in central Brooklyn, was selected as a running mate by Mr. Giuliani,
presumably because it was expected that she could draw Jewish and women voters
for the ticket. She was the only woman vying for citywide office. A councilwoman
barely known outside her Brooklyn district, she faced Mr. Green in the September
primary and finished a distant third behind Mr. Green and David A. Paterson, the
state senator from Harlem.

Ms. Alter, through her television advertisements, sought to paint Mr. Green as
being less than scrupulous in his method of getting small businesses to pay
fines to the city and as an overly ambitious candidate interested in positioning
himself for higher office.

Mr. Green rarely if ever mentioned his opponent, talking instead of his vision
for the position. He unveiled 20 different ideas he planned to implement as
Public Advocate, from the establishment of a night court for small business
owners to the creation of citizens' groups for the monitoring of city services.

"Throughout the campaign Mark Green was able to chronicle his accomplishments
and highlight himself without pointing to Susan Alter," said Eric V. Eve, a
political consultant who was not affiliated with the Public Advocate race.

NAME: Mark J. Green

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mark Green celebrating his victory last night as Public Advocate
with his children, Jenya and Jonah. (Steve Berman for The New York Times)


"Results: The Race for Public Advocate"

County    Rptng   Green   Alter   Reale  Garvey  Duncan    Falk
Bronx       59%  83,338  41,540   1,507   2,123     706     507
Brooklyn    31%  74,700  58,827   2,714   1,548     494     508
Manhattan   47% 115,520  37,055   1,614   1,084     583     842
Queens      32%  68,568  56,801   2,412   1,571     403     638
StatenIsl   26%   9,307  16,372     911     546      85     100
Totals      39% 351,433 210,595   9,158   6,872   2,271   2,595
                  60.3%   36.1%    1.6%    1.2%    0.4%    0.4%

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Knights one win from crown;
Alter can defend its state title by beating Ottawa-Glandorf today.;
ALTER GIRLS

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 439 words


Alter's Braxtin Miller (left) and the Knights are 86-3 in the past three
seasons.

Alter's Libby Bazelak (21) had 12 points and 12 rebounds in Thursday's 60-34
victory over Columbus Eastmoor Academy in a D-II state semifinal Thursday at
OSU's Schottenstein Center. Alter will play Ottawa-Glandorf for the state title
today.

The Alter girls basketball program hasn't ascended to rarefied status, but
almost.

The Knights (27-2) punched their ticket to a third straight Division II high
school state championship with Thursday's 60-34 blitz of over-matched Columbus
Eastmoor Academy in a state semifinal. Alter will play Ottawa-Glandorf (26-2)
for the D-II state title at 2 p.m. today at Ohio State University's
Schottenstein Center.

Alter will have played the maximum 90 games over the last three seasons
following today's game. The defending state champion Knights are 86-3 in the
span, falling only in the 2014 state title game and twice in this regular
season.

"Obviously, we were honored and humbled to be back here for a third straight
year," Alter co-coach Chris Hart reflected after beating Eastmoor, the alma
mater of two-time Heisman Trophy winner Archie Griffin.

"That's a credit to the kids and their work ethic each day in practice and
literally taking it one game at a time and not looking ahead. That's really
difficult to do, especially for young adults. They've done that successfully for
the last few years."

This is Alter's seventh state final four, all since 2002. The Knights also won a
D-II state title in 2008.

Alter was at its best in overwhelming Eastmoor, especially in the second half.
Braxtin Miller scored a game-high 19 points. Olivia Gillis hit all eight shots
for 16 points and Libby Bazelak added 12 points and 12 rebounds.

Glandorf lost the D-III state title game last season and was reclassified D-II
in August. The Titans have lost only to Otto-ville and Wapakoneta in the regular
season and topped Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown 51-40 in its Thursday state
semi.

Glandorf coach Troy Yant has successfully rebooted the Titans program since
inheriting a single-digit-win team four years ago.

"We went to shootouts and teams didn't want to play us," he recalled, "so we
knew we had some work to do. I would think those teams would now want to
scrimmage us at least."

? Alter's boys team was close to joining the girls at state, falling 55-53 in
Thursday's D-II regional final to Aiken. If Ottawa-Glandorf's boys beat Bay
Village in a D-II regional final today, they'll join the Titans' girls in
reaching the state final four.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.Pendleton@coxinc.com
Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

Surfing, sailing pioneer Hobart Alter dead at 80

LENGTH: 242  words


Hobart "Hobie" Alter revolutionised surfing and sailing with the first
polyurethane surf boards

LOS ANGELES, Tuesday

Hobart "Hobie" Alter, who revolutionised surfing and sailing with the first
polyurethane surf boards and the small catamaran known as the Hobie Cat, died
over the weekend at his home in California at age 80, his family said.

Alter, who started off making surf boards and ended up fashioning an entire
culture, died peacefully at his home in Palm Desert on Saturday. He was
surrounded by family, according to his web site, Hobie.com.

The cause of death was not given but the Los Angeles Times said it was cancer.

A surfing buff from his early years, Alter started designing boards in the
1950s. At the time the material used was balsawood.

HOBIE CAT

Along with his friend Gordon Clark, he invented the first boards made of
polyurethane foam. They were lighter and easier to handle and became an
immediate hit.

His shop Hobie in Dana Point south of Los Angeles became a hub for surfing
culture in southern California.

He did not stop there, going on to design small leisure catamarans called the
Hobie Cat.

Unveiled in 1967, the Hobie Cat 14 soon became the standard because it was so
light and easy to maneuver.

The Hobie Cat 16 would come a few years late and still made these days.

"He introduced the world to an outdoor lifestyle and collection of products that
made things just a bit more fun for all of us," the statement on the web site
said.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 26, 1987, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Doctor links multiple personalities to child abuse

BYLINE: By Matt Maychak Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 493 words


   Abused infants and children can develop multiple personalities to cope with
their anxiety and suffering, says the psychiatrist who treated the famous
multiple personality "Sybil."

Dr. Cornelia Wilbur told a Toronto audience Saturday that children subjected to
repeated abuse can produce alter personalties that become receptacles and
outlets for their feelings.

Wilbur is best known as the therapist of "Sybil," subject of Flora Schreiber's
book Sybil and a film. She is an expert on the subject of child abuse and the
formation of multiple personality.

Almost all alter personalities are formed before victims of abuse reach age 20,
Wilbur told a conference on multiple personality in the 1980s sponsored by the
Centre for Training in Psychotherapy.

The weekend conference, at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education on
Bloor St. W., wrapped up yesterday.

'Recoverable disease

"Multiple personaltity disorder patients do recover," Wilbur said. "It's a
recoverable disease."

Multiple personalties are only one possible outcome of child abuse, as are
juvenile delinquency, alcoholism, learning disabilities, psychosis and anorexia,
Wilbur said.

"If an individual has to suffer severe child abuse, the alter (personalities)
capture and maintain in amnesia the horrors the individual has been through,"
said Wilbur, a psychiatrist in Lexington, Ky.

"Now, when other horrors occur it may precipitate a new alter, or if it is
enough like previous abuse, it may be relegated to an already existing alter,"
she said.

"To produce an alter, what is necessary is the abuse, plus strong emotions, plus
conflict."

Wilbur detailed the case of one woman who had been coldly neglected and
criticized by her mother, sexually abused by her grandmother and raped by her
uncle, co-workers and a psychiatrist by the time she reached age 20.

Locked in closet

"This woman ended up with 50 alters and you can see why, because every one of
these abuses was enough to produce the necessity for a different alter," Wilbur
said.

"She called me on the phone, said she had read Sybil and seen it, and figured
she had that trouble too," Wilbur said.

"About three weeks after she had started treatment, she came in with three very
large sheets of paper. And on these sheets of paper were details on 20 alters,
all of whom were under 14," she said.

Wilbur said this patient developed two alter personalties when she was between 2
and 3 years old and was repeatedly locked in a closet containing spiders.

One alter personalty "took care" of her fear of spiders, while the other handled
her fear of the dark, she said.

"She was a child with a very cold and hostile mother. As soon as she could
comprehend language, her mother told her it would have been better if she had
never been born," Wilbur said.

"And she was not nurtured, and she was neglected. And she was told she was bad
even before she knew was the word bad meant."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                    MLH AG;

                                Gerenstrasse 61
                                 Gossau SG 9200
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  4. März 1999
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  St. Gallen Museumstrasse 35
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Gossau Gerenstrasse 61

DATUM:  11. März 1998
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Niederbüren
NEUES DOMIZIL:  St. Gallen


DATUM:  21. April 1994
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Gaiserwald
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Niederbüren

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406524414

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 05.04.1993
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  21. Februar 2014
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Nachdem der gesetzmässige Zustand in bezug auf
den Verwaltungsrat und die Vertretung wiederhergestellt ist, wird die Auflösung
der Gesellschaft widerrufen.(11.03.1998)
 VERTRETUNG(EN): In ganz Europa (eigenständige Firmen)
FILIALE(N): es bestehen keine
BETEILIGUNG(EN): es bestehen keine

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Guido Eigenmann
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Gossau SG
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Waldkirch SG, Gossau SG

NAME:  Jules P. Farkas
ORT:  Rorschacherberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Heiden
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.02.1997 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Georg Strasser
ORT:  Halden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Nussbaumen, Hüttwilen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.10.1997 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Hubert Bühlmann
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Eschenbach LU


NAME:  Mark L. Herrmann
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Cincinnati (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Comco International Incorp.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Cincinati
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  dipl.ing Wolfgang Binner
ORT:  Wilen (Gottshaus)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
16.11.94 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

NAME:  Edgar Brendler
ORT:  Lausanne
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
15.11.1996 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Antonio Campitelli
ORT:  Bischofszell
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  André Ingold
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Inkwil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
19.12.2000 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Mark Jennings
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Es handelt sich hier um die Europa-Niederlassung der Comco- International.
Die Unternehmung ist spezialisiert auf die Entwicklung und Fabrikation von
Flexodruckmaschinen für den Etikettendruck. Die Maschinen werden in den USA
hergestellt und in die Schweiz importiert wo dann je nach Kundenwunsch in der
eigenen Kunstruktionswerkstatt noch Zusätze/Änderungen etc. angebracht
werden.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Keine Erfahrungen
ENTWICKLUNG:  Keine Erfahrungen
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
28290 - Herstellung von sonstigen nicht wirtschaftszweigspezifischen Ma
46690 - Grosshandel mit sonstigen Maschinen und Ausrüstungen

   Handel mit Maschinen aller Art, insbesondere Printing und Converting Systems
sowie Beratung, Consulting und Vermittlung. Die Gesellschaft kann sich an
anderen Unternehmen im In- und Ausland beteiligen, solche finanzieren,
Tochtergesellschaften und Zweigniederlassungen im In- und Ausland errichten, im
In- und Ausland Grundeigentum erwerben, belasten, veräussern und verwalten,
Finanzierungen für eigene oder fremde Rechnung vornehmen sowie Garantien und
Bürgschaften für Tochtergesellschaften und Dritte eingehen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 3.20
2015                   CHF 3.40
2014                   CHF 3.40
2013                   CHF 3.40
2001                   CHF 1.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatzzahlen werden nicht veröffentlicht. Branchenüblicher
Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Comco International Incorp.
ORT:  Cincinati
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  Alfa Treuhand- und Revisions AG
ORT:  St.Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  14. Oktober 1960
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  keine/aucune/no
STELLUNG:  Keine
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  in Niederbüren.
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 600'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Inhaberaktien
ANZAHL:  600
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. April 1994
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 120'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 600'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  30. Juli 2001
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Comco Printing Internatio. AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  MLH AG

DATUM:  4. März 1999
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr. and Conv. Sys. AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Comco Printing InternationalAG


DATUM:  11. März 1998
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG in LI
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG


DATUM:  12. Januar 1998
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG in Li


DATUM:  17. Februar 1997
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG in Li
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Co.Sys.AG


DATUM:  15. November 1996
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Co.Sys.AG in Liq.


DATUM:  27. Juli 1994
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Comco Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Comag Pr.and Conv.Sys.AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday

Parting shot: Borland runner-up on final toss

BYLINE: By Dave Long Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 516 words


COLUMBUS - The last day of Chris Borland's high school athletic career was a
good one.

"I couldn't plan the story line any better," he said, "except maybe winning the
state championship.

"But we were all pretty much throwing for second place unless (Matt) Hoty
completely screwed up."

Borland, who graduated from Alter last week, was runner-up in the Division II
shot put Friday, June 5, at the boys state track and field meet at OSU's Jesse
Owens Stadium.

And he broke a 40-year-old Alter shot record. His runner-up distance was 61
feet, 0? inches, on his last throw.

The toss broke the school record of 60-9 that was held by Dr. Tim Quinn, a
well-known area orthopedic surgeon and University of Dayton team doctor.

Hoty, of Sandusky Perkins, won (61-3?).

"At least I got over 61 feet and got the school record," Borland said. "That's
kind of been a monkey on my back the last few weeks because I was so close
(throwing 60-8 at league, 60-8 in the district and 60-6? at regional).

"Dr. Quinn said he'd buy me dinner if I broke his record. I'll hold him to it."

He didn't have too much time to enjoy his state runner-up status. He and his
father were on the road at 5:30 a.m. headed for Madison, Wis. Summer football
begins Monday for Wisconsin recruits, including Borland who could be a
linebacker or a running back.

Fast track

All of the Dayton area sprinters and everyone else in D-I will be chasing
Gahanna Lincoln's Blake Heriot in today's finals. The junior set a state record
in 100 qualifying (10.47) and also had the fastest times in the 200 (21.25) and
400 (47.47).

Northmont's Mark Mays qualified for the 100 (10.78) and 200 (21.70) finals.
Lebanon's Chase Cochran also advanced in the 200 (21.63). Trotwood-Madison's
William Henry (48.09) and Northmont's Javon Walker (48.29) will be in the 400
finals.

In D-II, Danny Jewett of Northridge and Milton-Union's Cory Douglas made the 200
finals as did Chaminade Julienne's Laron Brown in the 400.

Can't beat that

Trotwood's 1,600 relay should claim its third straight state title. The foursome
of Jordan Paschal, Henry, Michael Jordan and Tony Ruby had the best qualifying
time (3:15.36), almost two seconds better than Cleveland John Adams (3:17.72).
Northmont was No. 3 (3:19.62). Wayne also advanced.

In the long run

Centerville finished eighth in the 3,200 relay thanks to an unofficial third leg
of 1:54.0 from Shawn Roberts. He got the Elks from 10th to sixth and sophomore
Andy Wooddell held on (7:56.04).

Best of field

Kyle Abney of Dayton Christian got serious about the shot put this year. The
result was a third-place finish in D-III with a schoolrecord 57-7.

"Last year was my first throwing the shot and it was fun," he said. "Over the
winter I got in the weight room, worked hard and got my technique down."

He said it

"I just didn't have the strength to get over that last hurdle. Running anchor
(on the) 400 and 800 relays and then coming from behind in this race, my legs
were dead. It's so frustrating." - Dunbar sophomore Antonio Blanks, who was
running in second place in his D-I 300 hurdles heat before clipping the last
hurdle and falling.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Chris Borland came up with a school-record toss of 61 feet, 0?
inches in the Division II shot put at the state track and field meet Friday,
June 5, at Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium. Staff photo by Barbara J. Perenic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 5, 2010 Friday

Freshman provides promising boost to Alter

BYLINE: BY KYLE NAGEL COMMENTARY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 470 words


KETTERING - Joe Petrocelli, in his previous 45 seasons of coaching basketball at
Alter High School, had never been in this situation.

As the Knights prepared to play Fairmont on Jan. 26, with his point guard
Michael Adkins out with a concussion, Petrocelli gulped hard and inserted a
freshman - Jaaron Simmons - into his starting lineup.

For the first time ever.

Many wondered how long it would take for that pen stroke to occur. Simmons
created buzz during the summer with his play at the Freshman All-American Camp
at the University of Kentucky, to which organizers invited the group they
considered the top 150 incoming high school freshmen, nationally.

In a ranking produced by reporters and scouts at the camp, Simmons was rated the
59th-best player there.

It took until the Knights' fifth game, against Louisville Shawnee at a holiday
tournament in Kentucky, for Simmons to see his first varsity minutes, and he
scored four points on 4-of-4 free throws in Alter's blowout win. He then
rejoined the bench until Jan. 23, when he saw the floor against Carroll in a
44-34 loss that dropped the Knights to 4-7.

Alter clearly needed a boost. Simmons' increased involvement might have provided
it.

Simmons has played increased minutes in the previous three games, beginning with
his start in the defeat of Fairmont, as the Knights have clawed back to .500. On
Friday, Jan. 30, Simmons scored seven points as Alter upset Chaminade Julienne,
ranked the No. 2 Division II team in the state.

As Simmons, whose mother is an Alter graduate, has increased his playing time,
Alter has continued winning heading into a home matchup with Fen-wick (13-2)
tonight.

"He can create his own shot, he passes the ball well, he has a lot of the key
skills," Petrocelli said at an Alter practice this week.

Like any coach who has talented younger players, Petrocelli doesn't want to talk
up Simmons too quickly, as he notes the freshman is still 14 years old. But
there's clear enthusiasm in his voice when Petrocelli speaks about Simmons - and
the Knights' young nucleus in general, including a group of junior varsity
sophomores and freshmen who could be pushed into varsity service if necessary.

They include: Jake Laravie, Joe Penno (another in a line of talented Pen-no
brothers at the school), Greg Heine (a 6-6 post player who has seen varsity
time), Diamyn Hall, Allen Jemison and two other freshmen, 6-4 Greg Hart and
Malik Zaire.

Simmons is the leader of that younger group, and he's proving his usefulness to
the team of late. Even though he's not doing it with scoring - he has averaged
5.2 points in his five games - the freshman is having a clear positive effect on
the team that is threatening to be another in a line of worthy Division II area
squads in the playoffs.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 14, 2006 Friday

1 dead, 7 hurt as bus carrying Alter students crashes on I-70

BYLINE: By Benjamin Kline Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 141 words


UNION TWP., Licking County - Ohio Highway Patrol accident reconstruction
specialists were busy Thursday trying to figure out why a chartered bus carrying
Kettering Alter High School students crossed to the opposite lanes of Interstate
70 near the Buckeye Lake exit on Wednesday night and collided with a car,
killing its driver.

The patrol cited Loren R. Porter of Fairfield, the 72-yearold driver of the
chartered Lakefront Lines bus, for misdemeanor failure to control, Lt. Lawrence
Roseboro of the Granville post told The Associated Press.

The bus, bringing 50 Alter students home from a senior trip to Washington, D.C.,
was westbound on I-70 about 30 miles east of Columbus.

Killed in the eastbound lane about 10:39 p.m. was Kerry Heider, 52, of
Murrysville, Pa.

Seven Alter students were treated for injuries at Licking Memorial Hospital in
Newark.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 13, 2006 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

INNER TUBE

BYLINE: BY RICHARD HUFF

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 88

LENGTH: 238 words


Nothing could be finer for Alter than Carolina

This time it's for real - Morry Alter retired from WCBS/Ch. 2 on Friday.

Alter, who spent 23 years at the station, flirted with leaving Ch. 2 in April
2005, but several months later decided rather than leave to just cut his
workload to a few days a week.

He said at the time that the constant deadline pressure was pushing him toward
retirement. But, he also said he loved what he was doing, which was a series of
special reports on schools.

Now he's really going.

Next month, Alter will move to North Carolina.

Alter has been in journalism for 40 years. During his time at Ch. 2, he excelled
at delivering quirky, well-written stories about people and places in New York.
For example, he was once asked by The News about his favorite story. He
immediately cited one called "Ebony and Ivory," about a pair of elderly women,
one black, one white, who suffered strokes on opposite sides of their bodies.
Together, using their good hands, they played the piano as one.

Catch 'Smith' on Web

CBS will stream the four remaining episodes of the quickly canceled Ray Liotta
drama "Smith" on its broadband platform Innertube. The network also will make
the first three installments of the show available so viewers have an
opportunity to see the serialized drama in its entirety. In the interest of
closure, the show's writers plan to post a synopsis of how the show would have
wrapped up on CBS.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Morry Alter Ray Liotta

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday

Alter stuns St. X, wins 9th straight

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 131 words


CINCINNATI - Alter pulled off a rare boys high school basketball feat Friday,
winning at Cincinnati St. Xavier, 57-55.

That's unusual because Dayton teams in the Northern Division of the Greater
Catholic League - Alter, Chaminade-Julienne and this season Carroll -
historically have had trouble winning in Cincinnati vs. GCL South teams - St. X,
Moeller, Elder and LaSalle.

Alter, the state's No. 7 Division II team, is 11-1 with nine straight wins. St.
X, No. 2 in Cincinnati and No. 9 in the state D-I ratings, is 11-3.

Alter led most of the game. St. X tied it at 49 with four minutes left before
Alter rallied to win.

J.J. Lauman had 25 points for the Knights, including a pair of free throws with
22 seconds left that made it 57-53. Walt Gilber had 22 points and 21 rebounds
for St. X.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 27, 2006 Sunday

Alter manhandles rival Fairmont, 4-1

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 351 words


The Fairmont High School boys soccer team went undefeated in the regular season
last year, but any hope of repeating that feat ended early in 2006, as the
Firebirds lost to Alter on Saturday, 4-1.

Nick Royer scored two goals for the Knights (2-0-0), and Dan McCarthy had a goal
and an assist. Both players had scored in Alter's season-opening win over
Bellbrook.

Lamar Skeeter scored for Fairmont, which fell to 1-1-0.

Fairmont tied Alter last season en route to its 13-0-3 regular-season record.
They Firebirds finished 15-1-3 overall.

Boys' soccer

Centerville 2, Westerville North 0: Ben Brown had both assists for Centerville,
which moved to 2-0-0.

Oakwood 3, Miami Valley 2:

Oakwood's Scott Casebere and Miami Valley's Kevin Malarkey each scored twice in
a close game, but Oakwood improved to 3-0-0, while Miami Valley is now 0-3-0.

Newton 4, Graham 1: Jonathan Kanet scored two goals and added an assist. Newton
remains undefeated at 3-0.

Ridgeville Christian 8, Tri-Village 0: Through two games, Paul Schindler has two
hat tricks for Ridgeville Christian. He also added an assist against
Tri-Village.

Girls' soccer

Dayton Christian 1, Anna 0:

Goalie Victoria Edinger had an eight-save shutout for Dayton Christian, which is
2-0-0.

Brookville 2, Tri-County North 1: Hannah Steck scored the winning goal in
Brookville's first game of the season.

Springboro 1, Chaminade-Julienne 0: Springboro goalie Mallory Mamoni shut out
C-J with nine saves.

Girls' volleyball

Darke County Volleyball Tournament: Melissa Neft was named tournament MVP after
leading Versailles to a repeat championship. In a rematch of last year's finals,
Versailles beat Greenville, 25-17, 25-17.

Tri-match at Oakwood:

Springboro went unbeaten in two matches, defeating Northmont (25-22, 25-23) and
Oakwood (25-17, 25-20). In the other match, Northmont lost to host Oakwood in
three games, 25-23, 22-25, 25-18.

Quad-match at Centerville:

Centerville and Mount Notre Dame each won two matches and finished with 2-1
records.

Mount Notre Dame handed Centerville its loss, 25-18, 25-11.

St. Henry defeated Mount Notre Dame in three games, 8-25, 25-22, 25-17.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter goalkeeper Matt Dorow leaps high to secure the ball as teammate
Matt Romer looks on Saturday during the Knights' 4-1 victory over Fairmont.
Contributed photo by Nick Falzerano

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                              ADC Therapeutics SA;

                             route de la Corniche 3
                                 Epalinges 1066
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  25. Juli 2014
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Epalinges

DATUM:  6. Mai 2013
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  St-Légier-La Chiésaz
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0216530200
INTERNET: www.adctherapeutics.com
E-MAIL: info@adctherapeutics.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 421072728

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 09.06.2011
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  20. Dezember 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
FIRMENNAME:  ADC Therapeutics Sàrl
FIRMENORT:  Epalinges
AKTIVA:  CHF 91.11 Mio.
PASSIVA:  CHF 12.01 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 79.10 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Transformation: la société à responsabilité
limitée est transformée en société anonyme conformément au projet de
transformation du 9 octobre 2015 et bilan au 31 août 2015,
 AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
FILIALE(N): Laboratoire à Londres, Clinique à Murray Hill USA

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Stephen Evans
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Saint Thomas
LAND:  Irland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Michael Forer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Blonay
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark


NAME:  Bahija Jallal
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Potomac (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Christopher Martin
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Mont-sur-Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Thomas Pfisterer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Risch
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Dr. Thomas M. Rinderknecht
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Küsnacht ZH, Zürich


NAME:  Jacques Theurillat
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Les Breleux, SaintBrais, Breuleu


NAME:  Barrie Ward
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Chorleywood
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Peter Bartley Corr
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Saint Thomas
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dr.jur. Hans-Peter Wild
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zug



GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Samuel Broder
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Bethesda (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Stephen Evans
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Saint Thomas
LAND:  Irland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Bahija Jallal
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Potomac (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Christopher Martin
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Mont-sur-Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Jacques Theurillat
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Les Breleux, SaintBrais, Breuleu


NAME:  Barrie Ward
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Chorleywood
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Dr.jur. Hans-Peter Wild
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zug


NAME:  Michael Forer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Blonay
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark


NAME:  Peter Bartley Corr
STELLUNG:  Vorsitzender
ORT:  Saint Thomas
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  667, LP
ORT:  New York
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 500.00

NAME:  A.T. Development Switzerland Sàrl
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. März 2008
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 10'000.00


NAME:  A.T. Holdings II Sàrl
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  3. März 2010
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Kapitalanteil
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 20'000.00


NAME:  A.T. Holdings II Sàrl
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  3. März 2010
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 126'100.00


NAME:  ADC Products Switzerland Sàrl
ORT:  Epalinges
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. Oktober 2013
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 54'900.00
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 27'400.00


NAME:  ASTRAZENECA UK LIMITED
ORT:  Londres
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 22'700.00


NAME:  BAKER BROTHERS LIFE SCIENCES L.P.
ORT:  New York
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 6'700.00


NAME:  John Burger
ORT:  New York
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 200.00


NAME:  David Harding
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 1'100.00


NAME:  HP WILD HOLDING AG
ORT:  Zug
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 23'000.00


NAME:  Sidney Lazard
ORT:  Coral Gables
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 300.00


NAME:  Alain Levin
ORT:  New York
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 200.00


NAME:  Spirogen Sàrl
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. Dezember 2011
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 54'900.00
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 27'400.00


NAME:  Water Lane 2 Nominees Limited
ORT:  Cambridge
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 20'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
72110 - Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Biotechnologie

   la Société a pour but la recherche, le développement, la production et la
vente de produits dans les domaines de la biotechnologie, de la pharmaceutique,
de la technologie médicale, du diagnostic et de la thérapie ainsi que
l'acquisition, la vente et l'utilisation de brevets et de licences dans ces
domaines (pour but complet cf. statuts).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 7.80

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers SA
ORT:  Pully
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  14. September 1998

NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 317'300.00
LIBIERUNG:  317'300.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  627
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 100.00

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  646
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 100.00


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  759
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 100.00


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  1'141
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 100.00
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  toutes toutes avec restrictions quant à la transmissibilité
selon statuts


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  20. Dezember 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 298'800.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 317'300.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. November 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 298'700.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 298'800.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. November 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 295'400.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 298'700.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Oktober 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 294'700.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 295'400.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Dezember 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 229'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 236'100.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  16. Oktober 2015
ALTES DOMIZIL:  ADC Therapeutics Sàrl
NEUES DOMIZIL:  ADC Therapeutics SA

DATUM:  10. April 2012
ALTES DOMIZIL:  10ADC Sàrl
NEUES DOMIZIL:  ADC Therapeutics Sàrl

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             April 7, 2005 Thursday

Marilyn G. Hoover

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OBITURARIES

LENGTH: 238 words

DATELINE: NORTH ANDOVER


Marilyn G. [Garland] Hoover, 80, formerly of Westford, but more recently a
resident of North Andover, died Tuesday evening, April 5, at Kindred Hospital in
Peabody. She was the wife of Harold H. Hoover, Jr. who died Aug. 8, 1991.

She was born in Worcester, June 3, 1924, the son of the late Edmund and the late
Lillie [Rahm] Garland. She attended Worcester schools and graduated from Ayer
High School in Ayer, and the Berkley Secretarial School in New York City.

She was a member of the First Parish Church United in Westford.

Before retiring, Mrs. Hoover was a secretary for the former Atherton Insurance
Agency in Chelmsford. Active with her church, she was a former volunteer
secretary for the First Parish Church United in Westford.

She enjoyed knitting, reading, puzzles and spending time with her grandchildren.

Mrs. Hoover is survived by five daughters and three sons-in-law, Jackie C.
Hoover of Dublin, Pa., Janet L. Lefebvre and her husband Richard of Lowell,
Penny J. Caldwell and her husband Bob of St. Albans, Maine, Debra A. Alter of
North Andover, and Diane A. Koocher and her husband Ken of Newburyport; 11
grandchildren, Andrew Lefebvre, Matthew Lefebvre, Bobby Caldwell, Marc Caldwell,
Andrea Caldwell, Joshua Alter, Garrett Alter, Codey Alter, Rebecca Alter, Travis
Koocher and Dustin Koocher; a sister, Nancy G. Pappas of Colorado Springs,
Colo.; as well as several nieces and nephews.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             June 4, 2008 Wednesday

Paul Rolly: Treasurer's race renews past rancor

BYLINE: By Paul Rolly Tribune Columnist

SECTION: ROLLY & WELLS; Local

LENGTH: 411 words


What is it with the state treasurer's race?

The formal complaint deputy state Treasurer Richard Ellis filed against fellow
Republican Mark Walker last week brings back memories of a similar controversy
involving the state treasurer's race 20 years ago.

Ellis and Walker are vying for the Republican nomination in hopes of replacing
Treasurer Ed Alter, who is retiring after 28 years in the job.

Ellis last week alleged in his complaint filed with the Utah lieutenant
governor's office that Walker had offered to retain him as chief deputy and give
him a $160,000 job if he would drop out and let Walker have the nomination and,
presumably, the election.

That is illegal, under state law, and Walker has denied it.

When Alter was running for his third term in 1988, he faced a strong challenge
from popular Salt Lake County Treasurer Art Monson, who actually was leading in
the polls in the final weeks of the campaign.

Alter summoned me, a state government reporter at the time, with the lure of an
important story. He then showed me names of folks who had attended a political
fundraiser for Monson in New York. Alter claimed Monson had violated election
laws because he had not disclosed those donations in his campaign finance
report.

I balked at doing the story when Alter said he couldn't be quoted or tied to
leaking the information. It also was unclear by the dates of the donations
whether Monson was required to report them then, or in a later reporting period.

A few days later, with a week to go before the election, a woman named Linda
Tracy, acting as her own attorney, filed a lawsuit in 3rd District Court,
claiming Monson violated state election laws by failing to declare contributions
from that June fundraiser.

The allegations in the lawsuit were identical to what Alter claimed during our
meeting.

After the lawsuit was filed, Alter ran campaign ads on the radio that alluded to
the lawsuit and questioned Monson's integrity.

Alter won a close race. Later, a judge dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous.

Incestuous Utah politics? If the lieutenant governor's office finds merit in
Ellis' complaint against Walker, it will be turned over to the Utah attorney
general's office to investigate and possibly prosecute.

Lovely.

Attorney General Mark Shurtleff is co-hosting a fundraiser Friday for Walker,
along with Senate President John Valentine and House Speaker Greg Curtis, at the
Alta Club. The suggested donation to Walker's campaign is $500 a head.

rolly@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Rolly

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 13, 2008 Thursday

Alter celebrates state championship

SECTION: MIAMISBURG WEST CARROLLTON MORAINE WAYNESVILLE AND LEBANON; Pg. RG-14

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School's Meghan Waterman got to cut down the final strand in
the net after the Knights won their first state girls high school basketball
championship, defeating Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown, 60-46, on Monday, March
10, at Ohio State's Schottenstein Center in Columbus. Waterman, one of three
seniors, had seven points in the title game. Ashley Christie and Courtney Chihil
of Alter made the all-tournament team with Christie being named the outstanding
player of the event. Contributed photo by Nick Falzerano
Above: Alter's Ashley Christie (14) steals the ball cleanly from Alison Nahra of
Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown. She had 20 points and four steals in the
championship game, along with six points and five steals in a 45-31 semifinal
win over Columbus Mifflin. For the two tournament games, Alter had 35 steals as
a team. The Knights finished the season at 25-3 and were ranked No. 7 in the
final state regular season ratings. Staff photo by Chris Stewart Right: Alter
coach Chris Hart savors the closing moments of her team's win. The victory gave
the Knights their first state title. In eight tournament games, Alter averaged
64.3 points per game and gave up 30.3. This is Hart's 14th year as Alter coach.
She is a 1980 graduate of the school and played her college basketball at
Xavier. Contributed photo by Nick Falzerano

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 13, 2008 Thursday

Alter celebrates state championship

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-10

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Above: Alter's Ashley Christie (14) steals the ball cleanly from Alison
Nahra of Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown. She had 20 points and four steals in the
championship game, along with six points and five steals in a 45-31 semifinal
win over Columbus Mifflin. For the two tournament games, Alter had 35 steals as
a team. The Knights finished the season at 25-3 and were ranked No. 7 in the
final state regular season ratings. Staff photo by Chris Stewart Right: Alter
coach Chris Hart savors the closing moments of her team's win. The victory gave
the Knights their first state title. In eight tournament games, Alter averaged
64.3 points per game and gave up 30.3. This is Hart's 14th year as Alter coach.
She is a 1980 graduate of the school and played her college basketball at
Xavier. Contributed photo by Nick Falzerano
Alter High School's Meghan Waterman got to cut down the final strand in the net
after the Knights won their first state girls high school basketball
championship, defeating Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown, 60-46, on Monday, March
10, at Ohio State's Schottenstein Center in Columbus. Waterman, one of three
seniors, had seven points in the title game. Ashley Christie and Courtney Chihil
of Alter made the all-tournament team, with Christie being named the outstanding
player of the event. Contributed photo by Nick Falzerano

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

ALTER WINS STUNNER;
Simmons' 29 points lead Knights past No. 1 Thurgood Marshall.;
HIGH SCHOOLS BASKETBALL

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 386 words


Alter's Dean Lemon (left) and Michael Schwieterman celebrate the Knights' upset
of Thurgood Marshall in a Division II sectional final at UD Arena.

DAYTON - After 49 seasons of coaching Alter High School basketball, no one can
fault Joe Petrocelli for ending his long and distinguished career.

But that won't happen this week. An unlikely 62-58 defeat of Thurgood Marshall,
the state's top-ranked Division II team, in a sectional final Thursday night at
UD Arena saw to that.

"And they are the No. 1 team," Petro conceded. "There's no doubt about that. We
just got a few rolls and Jaaron (Simmons) turned it on."

It was a stunning conclusion to a top-shelf doubleheader at UD that drew about
8,000 spectators. Dunbar rallied in the second half to overcome Franklin 66-63
in the opener. Alter (18-5) and Dunbar (19-6), the defending D-II state champ,
advance to next week's district finals also at UD against opponents to be
determined

Simmons, the high-scoring senior guard who has yet to sign with a college, put a
game-high 29 points on the Cougars (23-2). None were more crucial than a
step-back 3-pointer from the wing over defender Mark Alstork with 1:10 left that
put Alter up for good.

"That was a move that I've been working on all summer," Simmons said. "I really
never get to put it in play because you can only do it at a certain time and
that was the perfect time."

Alstork, bound for Drake, led Thurgood with 18 points. Thurgood never seemed to
recover after guard Edmond Early Jr. suffered a first-quarter ankle sprain. Its
only other loss was to Findlay (Nev.) Prep, the nation's No. 1 team in the USA
Today Super 25.

Petro said Alter's only other defeat of a No. 1 team was in 1975 when the
Knights took down unbeaten Middletown in a regional final.

"I wish it was coaching," he mused.

Dunbar seemed ripe for a season-ending setback when Franklin's Luke Kennard
tallied 11 of his game-high 21 points in the first quarter. But the Wolverines
recovered with a 15-3 third-quarter run to draw even.

Emerging junior William Green saw to it that Dunbar extended its postseason,
scoring 23 points, including eight in the fourth quarter. "AJ" Harris added 18
points for the Wolverines. Franklin ends 19-4.

"We were the underdogs coming in," Green said. "Everybody wanted us to lose. We
showed them that we're still Dunbar."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 28, 2008 Monday

'The gift of independence'

BYLINE: Janet Phelps, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 500 words


Jan. 28--Art teacher Becky Alter has a calling that started when she was in
elementary school.

The man who lived next door to Alter when she was growing up in Bryan was blind
and had a seeing-eye dog, she said.

Alter played with his children and noticed that they loved their dad's German
shepherd because it helped him be part of their daily activities, the Bryan
woman recalled this week.

The impact the dog had on her friends' family made an impression on Alter, 54,
when she was in third or fourth grade.

Alter kept that memory with her until she bought a condominium and could finally
have a large dog of her own, she said.

That was 14 years ago. Since then, the Sam Rayburn Middle School teacher been
raising puppies for other people with the help of her middle school art class
students.

Alter has brought up 11 puppies for four companies that provide service or guide
dogs to people who are blind or deaf or have special needs, she said.

Each dog has grown up in a classroom filled with Alter's art students, who help
the canines learn to be around people and to be gentle with kids.

Alter is raising a 6-month-old Labradoodle named Cassia for Idaho-based Genesis
Service Dogs.

Cassia will go permanently to a child with a disability this fall, but until
then, Alter is responsible for teaching her to be an obedient and loving service
dog.

Cassia teaches the kids to care for a dog, and, more important, she is a friend
to lonely kids, Alter said. The teacher gives students who have a hard time
making friends special responsibilities and time with the dog.

It's a perfect match, she said.

It can be hard to give away a dog she has raised, Alter said. But, seeing a dog
care for its new owner makes up for that feeling of loss.

"The way I look at it is I don't 'give up' -- I give. I give the gift of
independence to somebody," she said. "It's a great sense of pride that [the
dogs] are doing what they were born to do. It's [like being] a proud parent."

Alter's students also gain a lesson from raising the service dogs in the
classroom.

"I hope they take away from it that doing something for somebody else is
valuable -- doing good for good's sake," she said.

For others who wish to get involved with raising a puppy, Alter recommends
searching the Internet for a nonprofit guide or service dog provider and
applying to be a trainer.

It's not a job for everybody, though. Alter said raising a puppy takes a lot of
patience, work and energy.

"To raise a puppy is a 24-hour job. It has to be the right time in your life,"
she said.

--Janet Phelps' e-mail address is janet.phelps@theeagle.com

facebook   Slashdot

To see more of The Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theeagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080128-EG-The-gift-of-independence-0128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2008 The Eagle


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          November 29, 2006 Wednesday

Alter's Maxwell top defensive player in D-III;
3 Knights named to the first team; Milton's Evans named top D-IV quarterback.

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 293 words


Alter linebacker Ben Maxwell was named the defensive player of year on the
Associated Press Division III All-Ohio high school football team released
Tuesday in Columbus along with Division IV team.

The 6-foot-1, 205 senior linebacker had 100 tackles for the season including 15
tackles for loss. Teammates honored along with Maxwell were offensive lineman
Corey Drake and defensive tackle Brad Cash on the first team and defensive
tackle Nick Anderson on the second team.

Alter, No. 2 in the final state D-III ratings, takes on defending state champion
and No.1 ranked Steubenville in the state title game Saturday in Canton. Both
teams are 14-0. Alter made it to the championship game with a defense that is
allowing opponents 5.2 points and less than 100 yards total offense per game.

Other area D-III first teamers were Franklin linebacker Cody Hamilton, a 5-11,
200-pound senior, and Eaton quarterback Jeremy Fudge (6-0, 180, sr.) who passed
for over 2,300 yards.

Eaton had a pair of second teamers in wide receiver Brandon Robinson and kicker
Mike Bolinger.

Milton-Union's Mitchell Evans was chosen as a D-IV first team quarterback for
the second consecutive year. The 6-3, 200-pound senior totaled over 2,858 yards
rushing and passing as Milton made it to the regional final. Monroe receiver
Josh Herron was the only other D-IV first team pick.

Second teamers included offensive lineman Josh Hall and linebacker Rudy Dennler
of Milton; offensive lineman Tyler Muhlenkamp and quarterback Sam Slavik of
Coldwater and Fenwick running back Tyler Purcell.

The All-Ohio teams are chosen from recommendations of media panels from across
the state. The Division V and VI teams will be released tonight along with Mr.
Football.

? The complete D-III, DIV teams Lists, B7

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Ben Maxwell ( left), shown with teammate Nick Anderson holding
the Division III regional final trophy after defeating Big Walnut on Nov. 18,
was named the Division III defensive player of the year. Associated Press photo
by Paul Vernon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 13, 2008 Thursday

Alter celebrates state championship

SECTION: BELLBROOK AND SUGARCREEK TWP; Pg. RE-12

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School's Meghan Waterman got to cut down the final strand in
the net after the Knights won their first state girls high school basketball
championship, defeating Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown, 60-46, on Monday, March
10, at Ohio State's Schottenstein Center in Columbus. Waterman, one of three
seniors, had seven points in the title game. Ashley Christie and Courtney Chihil
of Alter made the all-tournament team, with Christie being named the outstanding
player of the event. Contributed photo by Nick Falzerano
Above: Alter's Ashley Christie (14) steals the ball cleanly from Alison Nahra of
Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown. She had 20 points and four steals in the
championship game along with six points and five steals in a 45-31 semifinal win
over Columbus Mifflin. For the two tournament games, Alter had 35 steals as a
team. The Knights finished the season at 25-3 and were ranked No. 7 in the final
state regular season ratings. Staff photo by Chris Stewart Right: Alter co-coach
Chris Hart savors the closing moments of her team's win. The victory gave the
Knights their first state title. In eight tournament games, Alter averaged 64.3
points per game and gave up 30.3. This is Hart's 14th year as Alter head coach.
She is a 1980 graduate of the school and played her college basketball at
Xavier. Contributed photo by Nick Falzerano

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday

Athletes earn high ratings

BYLINE: Dave Lamb

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-24

LENGTH: 541 words


If the recent high school sports season was part of the current television
lineup:

* Extreme Makeover:

The newlook Alter High School girls basketball team, picked to finish last in
the Greater Catholic League, earned a share of another league title.

Alter, coached by Chris Hart, then made it all the way to the regional
semifinals in a surprising 18-6 season. Alter has played in five straight
district championship games.

* Cold Case: Alter's magical season reached a chilly conclusion when the Knights
missed all 12 of their 3-point attempts.

They still came close to upsetting Columbus Eastmoor Academy, the state's
fifth-ranked team, in a 45-40 loss.

* 3: No, not the story of Dale Earnhardt. It's about Centerville High School's
school-record 15 3-pointers in a 103-60 win over Belmont High School.

* Alias: She can now go by the name of Ohio's Ms. Basketball, but her real name
is Maria Getty, the Chaminade-Julienne High School standout who lives in
Washington Twp.

* Still Standing: Miami Valley School freshman Daniel Kolodzik stood alone in
practice as the first and only wrestler in the school's 41-year history.

He was still standing alone on the podium when he captured the 103-pound state
title.

* CSI: Stands for "Centerville Swimmer Invincible," the story of Elk senior
Jenny Forster winning two individual state titles. She was named the outstanding
women's performer in Division I.

Casey Heinbaugh of the Centerville boys team won the 50-yard state title.

* Joey: Veteran wrestling coach Joe Abbinante, who has run a consistently strong
program at Bellbrook High School for 28 years, earned his first Southwestern
Buckeye League title.

Bellbrook's Jason Cook placed fourth in the state at 189 pounds.

* Fear Factor: Opponents in the SWBL have good reason to fear Bellbrook in girls
basketball.

Even though the Eagles saw their five-year, 45-game winning streak end in the
SWBL, they won yet another league title.

* Listen Up: Alter's swim team made a loud statement in the Greater Catholic
League championships.

Alter's boys ended Cincinnati Roger Bacon's eight-year stranglehold on the title
to win its first crown since 1996.

Alter's girls made it a double dip with their third straight GCL title.

* Jeopardy: Bellbrook's boys basketball team was in jeopardy of sharing the SWBL
championship if it lost to Oakwood in the season finale.

The Eagles, coached by Perry Caldwell, responded with a convincing 58-37 win to
win the title with a perfect 10-0 record.

* The Amazing Race: In the area's most hotly contested title races, Centerville
and Springfield South High School boys shared the GWOC Eastern Division
championship with 12-1 records, one game ahead of Beavercreek High School.

Centerville's Joe Staley shared coach of the year honors with South's Larry Ham.

* That '70s Show: Centerville won its first girls basketball championship since
1976.

The Elks outlasted Kettering Fairmont and Beavercreek by one game.

Jessica Minch was named the league's player of the year and Adam Priefer was
selected the top coach.

* Charmed: Bellbrook's Lynzee Johnson has led a charmed career with the Eagles.
She was named SWBL player of the year in volleyball and earned All-Ohio honors
this year in basketball.

Contact Dave Lamb at 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

Trotwood, Alter prep for Round 3 of playoffs

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 225 words


We'll christen them the "Super Seven." That's how many area teams remain in the
high school football playoffs.

Of immediate interest, Trotwood-Madison (Division II) and Alter (D-IV) lead the
charge into this week's regional finals, the third leg of a five-week
postseason.

The Rams (9-3) will meet Cincinnati Winton Woods in what figures to produce
plenty of fireworks at 7:30 p.m. today, Nov. 20, at Mason. History is with
Trotwood; the Rams were the D-II state runners-up in 1981. But only two area
D-II teams - Chaminade Julienne and Piqua - have won state titles.

Alter (12-0) is the defending D-IV state champ. And the Knights will likely get
their most revealing showdown at 7 p.m. Saturday vs. Clinton-Massie (12-0) at
Centerville.

Springfield Shawnee (D-III), Coldwater (D-V), St. Henry (D-V), Marion Local
(D-VI) and Fort Loramie (D-VI) also hope to extend their seasons.

All the regional winners advance to next week's state semifinals, again at
neutral sites that will be announced Sunday.

On deck

* Oakwood's Peter Hix and Megan Wright of Miamisburg will be among the runners
in Saturday's 23rd Mid-East Cross Country Championships at Kettering's Indian
Riffle Park. The 5K event draws the best runners from Ohio, Indiana, Illinois
and Michigan. Racing begins at 11 a.m.

* The girls basketball season begins Nov. 27 and the boys season one week later.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 7, 2008 Friday

Alter on target for another D-II title

BYLINE: - Staff Report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 282 words


Alter High School's girls volleyball team feels right at home in the Nutter
Center. After all, that's where championship teams reside.

The Knights spiked and dinked closer to another state title Thursday, Nov. 6,
eliminating Columbus Bishop Hartley in four games in the Division II state
semifinals.

Alter (20-7) meets Parma Padua Franciscan (24-3) in Saturday's 11 a.m. state
final. The Knights won D-II state titles in 2006, '03 and '02.

Soccer, football

* Beavercreek and Carroll shoot for their own state-title hardware in today's
boys soccer finals at Columbus Crew Stadium.

The Patriots are first up, meeting Cuyahoga Falls Christian Academy in the D-II
final at 3:30 p.m. That'll be followed by the Beavers vs. Cleveland St. Ignatius
at 7.

* Twelve area football teams are gearing up for Round 2 of the playoffs. There
are five games today, including Alter vs. Hamilton Badin at Welcome Stadium and
Oakwood vs. defending state champ Coldwater at Piqua.

On Saturday, there are more games of area interest. D-I hopefuls Wayne and
Northmont will be featured in a doubleheader at UC's Nippert Stadium. Wayne
plays Cincinnati Colerain at 3, followed by Northmont vs. Cincinnati Elder at 7.

On the Web

Log on to DaytonDailyNews .com/scores for playoff football updates and
highlights from all the area games throughout the postseason.

Also, stay logged on to the DDN's prep sports blog, High School Huddle. Besides
volleyball and soccer updates, we'll offer real-time updates of area football
playoff games, including Wayne and Northmont on Saturday.

Two code words to remember while online: Refresh often.

? Previews of today's football playoffs On B4 ? Knights volleyball digs out of a
hole Article on B6

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Alter preserves Hausfeld legacy;
Former Knight VB star, killed in plane crash with father, has jersey retired.

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 355 words


KETTERING - There were T-shirts and pictures, framed jerseys and a heartfelt
dedication, and Lori Hausfeld couldn't help but wonder - what would Kacie and
Tom think?

"If they could see all this, I think they'd be shocked," Lori said. "They'd be
like 'really, for us?' because they were great, humble people. They loved life,
loved God and loved volleyball."

The Springboro father and daughter, who made an indelible impression on the
Alter volleyball program, were killed in a plane crash at Dayton-Wright Brothers
Airport on April 1. But while the 2006 Alter graduate and her father are gone,
the Knights volleyball community is making sure they will not be forgotten.

Alter hosted Tippecanoe in front of a crowd of more than 400 at the Kettering
Fairmont Trent Arena for the Hausfeld Legacy Match on Thursday, Sept. 2.
Proceeds benefited the Kacie and Tom Hausfeld Scholarship Fund.

Before a single serve was fired across the court, Knights coach Tina Jasinowski
retired Kacie's No. 14, presenting a framed jersey to the school and another to
Lori and Kacie's big sister, Ali, a 2003 Alter graduate and former Knights
standout.

The number 14 has a history in the Hausfeld household, as Tom, a big Pete Rose
fan, used Rose's number on the stock car he raced decades ago. Lori and Tom were
married on March 14 and lived near the 14th green at Sycamore Creek Country
Club. Kacie and Ali both wore No. 14 at Alter, and Ali also wore the number at
the University of Dayton.

Retiring Kacie's number and establishing the scholarship fund were decisions
made within days of the tragic accident. Donations in excess of $100,000 have
already been made to the scholarship fund.

"Kacie and Tom were really like the heart and soul of Alter volleyball, their
spirit was the kind of spirit we always wanted our program to have," Jasinowski
said.

The crowd responded with a standing ovation as Jasinowski closed the dedication
ceremony with, "now let's play some great volleyball." The Knights responded
with a straight-set win 25-19, 26-24, 25-18. "They wanted to win it for Kacie
and Tom and I think they handled the extra pressure well," Jasinowski said.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mary Rodehaver, an Alter freshman, bumps the ball over the net during
the first game of their match against Tippecanoe on Thursday, Sept. 2. Staff
photo by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                              April 8, 2005 Friday

Marilyn G. Hoover

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OBITURARIES

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: NORTH ANDOVER


Marilyn G. [Garland] Hoover, 80, a former Westford resident who had been an
active volunteer at her parish in that town, died Tuesday evening, April 5, at
Kindred Hospital in Peabody. She was the wife of Harold H. Hoover Jr., who died
Aug. 8, 1991.

She was born in Worcester, June 3, 1924, daughter of the late Edmund and Lillie
[Rahm] Garland. She attended Worcester schools and graduated from Ayer High
School in Ayer, and the Berkley Secretarial School in New York City.

She was a member of the First Parish Church United in Westford. Active with her
church, she was a former volunteer secretary for the First Parish Church United.

Before retiring, Mrs. Hoover was a secretary for the former Atherton Insurance
Agency in Chelmsford.

Currently a resident of North Andover, she enjoyed knitting, reading, puzzles
and spending time with her grandchildren.

Mrs. Hoover is survived by five daughters and three sons-in-law, Jackie C.
Hoover of Dublin, Pa., Janet L. Lefebvre and her husband Richard of Lowell,
Penny J. Caldwell and her husband Bob of St. Albans, Maine, Debra A. Alter of
North Andover, and Diane A. Koocher and her husband Ken of Newburyport; 11
grandchildren, Andrew Lefebvre, Matthew Lefebvre, Bobby Caldwell, Marc Caldwell,
Andrea Caldwell, Joshuah Alter, Garrett Alter, Codey Alter, Rebecca Alter,
Travis Koocher and Dustin Koocher; a sister, Nancy G. Pappas of Colorado
Springs, Colo.; as well as several nieces and nephews.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                            Spice Private Equity AG;

                              Industriestrasse 13C
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  24. Juni 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug, Grafenauweg 8
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug

DATUM:  13. November 2007
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug, Baarerstrasse 8
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug, Grafenauweg 8


DATUM:  21. Januar 2000
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Chamerstrasse 50, Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Baarerstrasse 8, Zug


DATUM:  22. Oktober 1999
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Baarerstrasse, Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Chamerstrasse 50, Zug

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417107060
TELEFAX: 0417107064
INTERNET: www.apen.com
E-MAIL: info@apen.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406683610

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 24.09.1999
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  15. November 2016
 AKTIONÄRE: Das Unternehmen ist mit dem Kürzel
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Apen Faith Media Holdings, LLC

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  David Justinus Emery
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Singapur (SG)
LAND:  Singapur
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Chardonne

NAME:  Christopher Wright
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Southport (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Christopher Kelso Bedford Brotchie
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Vich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Fersen Lamas Lambranho
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  London (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Brasilien


NAME:  Erich Hort
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich, Wölfinswil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.10.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Edward E. Matthews
ORT:  Princeton (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.06.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Wim Neuger
ORT:  New York (USA)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.10.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr. Roger Schmid
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich, 0beregg
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 19.06.2009 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alvaro Lopes da Silva Neto
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  New York (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Brasilien


NAME:  Dr. Ernst Mäder
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Eich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Mörschwil


NAME:  David Pinkerton
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Bernardsville (USA)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Robert Thompson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  New Canaan (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dr.jur. Christian Wenger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Küsnacht ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zumikon


NAME:  Eduardo Leemann
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Küsnacht ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Stephan Müller
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Langnau am Albis
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Belp


NAME:  Antonio Carlos Augusto Ribeiro Bonchristiano
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Sao Paulo (BR)
LAND:  Brasilien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Brasilien



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Conradin Schneider
STELLUNG:  Vizedirektor
ORT:  Stäfa
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  AXA S.A.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Paris (F)
LAND:  Frankreich
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Suva
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Institut des öffentl. Rechts
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Februar 2009


GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  David Salim
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Meilen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Losone TI

NAME:  Andrew Fletscher
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Rocco Sgobbo
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 24.01.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Michael Bruno Widmer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 27.12.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Apen Group
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Beteiligungsunternehmen. APEN AG ist eine schweizerische
Beteiligungsgesellschaft mit dem Ziel, für die Aktionäre langfristig
Kapitalzuwachs zu erzielen. Die APEN AG verfügt über ein reifes Portfolio von
Fonds- und Direktinvestitionen. Die APEN AG geht zurzeit keine
Zahlungsverpflichtungen mit neuen Fonds ein und tätigt zum jetzigen Zeitpunkt
auch keine Direktinvestitionen, wird aber weiterhin den ausstehenden
Zahlungsverpflichtungen der sich im Portfolio befindenden Fonds nachkommen.
Die APEN AG besitzt mehr als elf Jahre Betriebserfahrung und wird von einem
erfahrenen Team geführt. Die APEN AG ist an der SIX Swiss Exchange unter dem
Symbol APEN kotiert

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften

   Erwerb, Verwaltung und Veräusserung von Beteiligungen an in- und
ausländischen Gesellschaften im Private Equity Bereich oder an solchen
Gesellschaften, welche sich auf Investitionen in diesem Bereich sowie die damit
verbundene Verwaltung liquider Mittel spezialisiert haben; kann sich an anderen
Unternehmen beteiligen sowie Vertretungen übernehmen

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 44.00
2015                  CHF 47.00
2014                  CHF 48.00
2013                  CHF 47.58
2012                   CHF 3.95
2011                   CHF 2.24

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  AXA S.A.
ORT:  Paris (F)
LAND:  Frankreich
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Suva
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Institut des öffentl. Rechts
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Februar 2009


LIIERUNG:
NAME:  GP Advisors AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Januar 2010
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  [*77]


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 53'637'170.00
LIBIERUNG:  53637170 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  5'363'717
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 10.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Juni 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 41'250'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 53'637'170.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. September 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 412'500'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 41'250'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Juni 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 317'500'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 412'500'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Juni 2000
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 184'100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'175'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Oktober 1999
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 184'100'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  3. März 2015
ALTES DOMIZIL:  APEN AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Spice Private Equity AG

DATUM:  19. Juni 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  AIG Private Equity AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  APEN AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 1, 2015 Sunday

Alter's Nichols, Tippecanoe capture regional titles;
CROSS-COUNTRY

BYLINE: By Greg Billing

SECTION: ; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 400 words


TROY - As she sprinted down the final stretch at the Division II regional
cross-country championships Saturday, Alter senior Abby Nichols obeyed her
coach's instructions.

"My coach always says not to look back even though you really want to," Nichols
said. "I try to listen to the people behind me for their breathing or something.
I thought she was close so I was kind of scared."

Nichols wasn't sure how close Oakwood senior Mary Kate Vaughn was. As she
listened the only thing she likely heard was her own heartbeat.

Nichols topped Vaughn by 5.8 seconds to win the D-II regional championship,
running the 3.1-mile course on the Troy levee in 18 minutes, 14 seconds. It also
helped Alter secure a runner-up finish as a team.

The top 16 runners and top four teams from each division advanced to next week's
state championships at National Trail Raceway near Columbus.

Joining Alter in D-II are regional champ Tippecanoe, Oakwood and Springfield
Shawnee.

"The expectation is we wanted to come in here and win," Tipp coach Byron Kimmel
said.

The Red Devils did. Three times. The boys claimed the D-II title, and senior
Mitchell Poynter won the D-II individual crown by 17 seconds.

The regional title sweep was the second one for Tipp, which also did it in 2013.
Cincinnati Taylor is the only other team to do that (2002).

Carroll and Springfield Shawnee also qualified for state in the D-II boys meet.

In the D-I boys meet, Beavercreek was paced by junior Ben Ewert to a
fourth-place finish as Cincinnati schools dominated. Troy senior Stephen Jones
finished as runner-up.

Troy sophomore Morgan Gigandet ran away from the field for a 24-second victory
in the D-I girls meet.

"It feels good knowing I helped out our team, that's just one more thing you
have to feel good about," Gigandet said.

Centerville, led by Lainey Studebaker's runner-up finish, won the team title.
Troy and Beavercreek also advanced.

"I'm definitely not satisfied with today," said Studebaker, the defending state
champ. "I have big goals and I'm still looking toward them. Today is good
motivation to keep pushing hard.

Newton senior Brady McBride won the D-III boys title. Champion Anna, Fort
Loramie, Milton-Union and Botkins were the top teams.

Botkins senior Chloe Flora was the D-III girls champion. Russia, Covington,
Xenia Christian and Miami East advanced as teams.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2250 or email Greg. Billing@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              June 3, 2008 Tuesday

ROLLY: Races for state treasurer have a history of lawsuits

BYLINE: By Paul Rolly Tribune Columnist

SECTION: BREAKING; Rolly & Wells; Local

LENGTH: 419 words


Posted: 5:07 PM- What is it with the state treasurer's race?

The formal complaint deputy state treasurer Richard Ellis filed against fellow
Republican Mark Walker last week brings back memories of a similar controversy
involving the state treasurer's race 20 years ago.

Ellis and Walker are vying for the Republican nomination in hopes of replacing
Treasurer Ed Alter, who is retiring after 28 years in the job.

Ellis last week alleged in his complaint filed with with the Utah Lieutenant
Governor's Office that Walker had offered to retain him as chief deputy and give
him a $56,000 annual raise if he would drop out and let Walker have the
nomination and, presumably, the election.

That is illegal, under state law, and Walker has denied it.

When Alter was running for his third term in 1988, he faced a strong challenge
from popular Salt Lake County Treasurer Art Monson, who actually was leading in
the polls in the final weeks of the campaign.

Alter summoned me, a state government reporter at the time, with the lure of an
important story. He then showed me names of folks who had attended a political
fund-raiser for Monson in New York. Alter claimed Monson had violated election
laws because he had not disclosed those donations in his campaign finance
report.

I balked at doing the story when Alter said he couldn't be quoted or tied to
leaking the information. It also was unclear by the dates of the donations
whether Monson was required to report them then, or in a later reporting period.

A few days later, with a week to go before the election, a woman named Linda
Tracy, acting as her own attorney, filed a lawsuit in 3rd District Court,
claiming Monson violated state election laws by failing to declare contributions
from that June fund-raiser.

The allegations in the lawsuit were identical to what Alter was claiming during
our meeting.

After the lawsuit was filed, Alter ran campaign ads on the radio that alluded to
the lawsuit and questioned Monson's integrity.

Alter won a close race. Later, a judge dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous.

Incestuous Utah politics? If the Lieutenant Governor's Office finds merit in
Ellis' complaint against Walker, it will be turned over to the Utah Attorney
General's Office to investigate and possibly prosecute.

Lovely.

Attorney General Mark Shurtleff is co-hosting a fund-raiser for Walker, along
with Senate President John Valentine and House Speaker Greg Curtis, at the Alta
Club on Friday. The suggested donation to Walker's campaign is $500 a head.

prolly@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Rolly

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 1, 2009 Sunday

Alter rallies in 2nd half to stop CJ

BYLINE: By Chick Ludwig Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 183 words


DAYTON - The Alter boys got their act together in the second half, pulling out a
43-37 victory over Chaminade Julienne in the nightcap of the Cage Classic at UD
Arena on Saturday night.

Trailing 15-9 at halftime in a brutal defensive battle, the Knights took care of
business with a 34-22 burst the final 16 minutes and improved to 10-3 (6-0). CJ
dropped to 6-7 (3-3).

Ryan Siggins had a double-double (14 points, 16 rebounds) to earn Alter's player
of the game honors, while Ryan Bass won the award for CJ with 24 points.

"I thought we were ready for CJ's zone, but we took too many 3-point shots the
first half," Alter coach Joe Petrocelli said.

Carroll boys 59, Fenwick 28: The Patriots (6-7, 2-4) hit four early 3s, closed
the first quarter with a 21-0 run and blew out the Falcons (3-12, 0-6).

Carroll senior guard Nathan Wahle had 12 points as the Patriots built leads of
24-5, 30-11 and 48-17.

Carroll girls 47, Fenwick 32: Freshman Kelley Austria scored 12 points and
sophomore forward Cameron Vaughn added 10 as the Patriots (12-4, 6-2) denied
Fenwick coach Donn Burrows his 100th career victory.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Trevor Heitz looks for an opening while Chaminade Julienne's
Joe Staley pressures during their Cage Classic game Saturday, Jan. 31 at the
University of Dayton Arena. Staff photo by Jan Underwood

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                               TEMENOS Group AG;

                           rue de l'École-de-Chimie 2
                                  Genève 1205
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  25. Mai 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Genève, bvd des Philosophes 18
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Genève, rue de l'École-de-Chimie

DATUM:  2. Juni 2006
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Glaris
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Genève, Bvd des Philosophes 18

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0227081150
TELEFAX: 0227081160
INTERNET: www.temenos.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406747336

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 14.06.2001
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 4000


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  21. Juni 2016
 FILIALE(N): ZWEIGNIEDERL.: Brésil, France, Australie, Canada, Allemagne, Chine,
Costa

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf inf.Herabs.d.Kapital
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  28. Mai 2014
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  18. Juni 2014
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  fosc
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  20. August 2014
FRISTART 1:  Délai de production
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Production à: TEMENOS Group AG, Rue de
l'Ecole-de-Chimie 2, 1205 GENEVE
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  12. Mai 2015
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Valeur nominale jusqu'à présent: CHF
360'115'740.00 Nouvelle valeur nominale: CHF 349'441'810.00 /Remarque: Les
créanciers peuvent annoncer leurs créances pour obtenir un paiement

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Ian Robert Cookson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Bougy-Villars
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Satigny

NAME:  Denis Marie Jean Defrance de Tersant Thibault
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Paris
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Erik Hansen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Altendorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark


NAME:  Georgios Koukis
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Veyrier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Griechenland


NAME:  Amy Yip Yok Tak
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hong-Kong (VRC)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  China


NAME:  Andreas Andreades
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Nicosie
LAND:  Zypern
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz


NAME:  Sergio Piero Giacoletto
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Nassau
LAND:  Bahama Inseln
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bernex


NAME:  Kim Warren Goodall
ORT:  Surrey
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.02.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Raymond Leonard
ORT:  Gauteng
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.07.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Angelos N. Plakopitas
ORT:  Athen
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.07.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ioannis Protopapadakis
ORT:  Nea Erithrea
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.07.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Andreas Andreades
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Nicosie
LAND:  Zypern
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz


NAME:  Mark E. Austen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Surrey GB
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.06.2006


NAME:  Guy Dubois
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Lewis Polk Rutherfurd
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hong Kong
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Georgios Koukis
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Veyrier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Griechenland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.07.2006 auparavant avec sign.
collective à deux.


NAME:  Chris Pavlou
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Nicosia
LAND:  Zypern
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Paul Selway-Swift
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Near Malvern/Worcestershire
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Alken Luxembourg S.à.r.l.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Luxembourg

NAME:  Aviva Plc
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  BlackRock Inc.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  New York
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  USA


NAME:  UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Dezember 1959
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Patinex AG and BZ Bank AG
STELLUNG:  Haupteigentümer


NAME:  TEMENOS HEADQUARTERS SA
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. März 1994
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  TEMENOS SUISSE SA
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. Mai 1986
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'500'000.00


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Groupe Temenos
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  David Ian Arnott
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Ariel Boussiba
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève


NAME:  Max Chuard
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Cugy (Fr)
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 09.05.2007


NAME:  Deirdre Dempsey
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Collonge-Bellerive
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Irland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.07.2006


NAME:  David Ian Arnott
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Isabelle Hering
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Prangins
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  BrotDessous
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 07.09.2009
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Fondée en 1993 et cotée à la bourse suisse depuis 2001 (SIX: TEMN), Temenos
Group est un leader mondial sur le marché des logiciels bancaires dans les
secteurs de la banque de détail, banque privée, banque de financement et
investissement, banque islamique et du microfinancement. Basée à Genève,
Temenos dispose de 51 bureaux dans le monde, au service de plus de 700
clients à travers 120 pays.
96% du capital de Temenos est flottant et détenu
majoritairement par des investisseurs institutionnels du monde entier,
principalement basés au Royaume-Uni, en Suisse et aux Etats-Unis. La
proportion des actionnaires nord-américains a crû de manière importante ces
dernières années, atteignant environ 27 % du capital total.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Guter Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Positive Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften
N - ERBRINGUNG VON SONSTIGEN WIRTSCHAFTLICHEN DIENSTLEISTUNGEN

   Acquisition, détention, gestion ainsi que vente de participations à d'autres
sociétés et entreprises.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                 USD 430.00
2015                 USD 460.00
2014                 USD 468.70
2013                 USD 467.80
2012                 USD 450.20
2011                 USD 473.50
2010                 USD 448.00
2009                 USD 370.30
2008                 USD 406.90

BEMERKUNGEN:  Angaben Firmengruppe konsolidiert.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Alken Luxembourg S.à.r.l.
ORT:  Luxembourg

NAME:  Aviva Plc
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  BlackRock Inc.
ORT:  New York
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
ORT:  USA


NAME:  UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Dezember 1959
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Patinex AG and BZ Bank AG
STELLUNG:  Hauptaktionär


NAME:  Temenos Panama SA
ORT:  Panama


NAME:  Temenos USA Inc
ORT:  USA


NAME:  Temenos Finance Luxembourg SARL
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Luxembourg


NAME:  TEMENOS HEADQUARTERS SA
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. März 1994
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Temenos Holdings France SAS,
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  France


NAME:  Temenos Holdings Limited
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  British Virgin Islands


NAME:  Temenos Investments BV
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Netherlands


NAME:  Temenos Software Luxembourg SA
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Luxembourg
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Hauptsitz im Ausland


NAME:  Temenos UK Limited
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  United Kingdom


NAME:  Temenos Egypt LLC
STELLUNG:  Hauptaktionär
ORT:  Egypt


NAME:  TEMENOS SUISSE SA
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. Mai 1986
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'500'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Genève

NAME:  BDO Visura International AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  22. Juli 1963
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisionsstelle. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
11.07.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 333'087'840.00
LIBIERUNG:  333'087'840.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  66'617'568
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 5.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  4. August 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 349'441'810.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 333'087'840.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. September 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 360'115'740.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 349'441'810.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Februar 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 360'004'650.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 360'115'740.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Februar 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 357'620'585.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 360'004'650.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Februar 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 316'559'305.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 357'620'585.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. April 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 299'292'630.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 316'559'305.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. März 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 295'027'435.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 299'292'630.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  25. Juli 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 289'207'102.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 295'027'435.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. Februar 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 278'956'380.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 289'207'105.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. Februar 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 274'762'175.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 278'956'380.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Februar 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 272'953'025.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 274'762'175.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 21, 2005 Monday
                           ILLINOIS FIVE STAR EDITION

Missouri Senate races focus on Blunt's agenda Elections are seen as gauges of
public support

BYLINE: BY JO MANNIES Post-Dispatch Political Correspondent

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 1034 words


On the surface, Missouri's special elections in two weeks to fill two vacant
state Senate seats don't seem crucial. Win or lose, state Republicans will
retain their huge edge in that chamber and hold on to their across-the-board
control of state government.

But the hefty budget-cutting under way in Jefferson City has altered the
dynamics -- and the stakes. Said local Republican consultant Paul Zemitzsch,
who's not involved in either contest: "It's not about the math, it's the
message."

The two Senate elections on April 5 -- one in northern Jefferson County's 22nd
District, and the other in the 16th District, in mid-Missouri -- are
increasingly cast by all sides as referendums on the program-cutting,
pro-business measures sought by new Gov. Matt Blunt.

U.S. Sens. Jim Talent and Christopher "Kit" Bond, R-Mo., are among the
Republicans fattening the coffers for their party's two state Senate nominees --
Bill Alter, a businessman and former legislator from High Ridge; and Bill
Hickle, a judge and lawyer in Rolla. In a sign of Blunt's influence, both state
Senate candidates are using the same advertising firm that the governor used in
the fall, Thompson Communications of Springfield, Mo.

Meanwhile, former Gov. Roger Wilson, who's now head of the Missouri Democratic
Party, has been campaigning in the 16th District on behalf of his party's Senate
choice, state Rep. Frank Barnitz of Lake Spring.

Attorney General Jay Nixon, a former state senator from Jefferson County, is
leading the Democratic drive to aid the Senate bid of state Rep. Rick Johnson,
D-High Ridge, a lawyer and Gulf War veteran. Johnson also has hired Telephone
Contact, a telemarketing firm owned by veteran Democratic consultant Joyce
Aboussie.

Both contests have their quirks. In the 16th, Barnitz and Hickle both emphasize
their opposition to abortion and their support for gun rights. But in a partisan
switch, Republican Hickle appears to be getting more support from fellow lawyers
whereas the National Rifle Association has endorsed Barnitz, the Democrat.

Still, it's Jefferson County that's generating most of the interest. There,
voters will face an unusually crowded cast of candidates competing to succeed
Democrat Steve Stoll, who resigned in January to become the city administrator
in Festus.

The contenders are:

- Alter, 60, who says he's the only "true conservative," pro-business candidate
and Jefferson County's best hope for clout in the GOP-ruled state Capitol.

- Johnson, 35, who emphasizes his low-income childhood and his stint in the Navy
-- his Web site features submarine noises -- as part of his message that he is
the "voice without fear" who can stand up to Blunt.

- Harold Selby, 47, a Democratic legislator from Cedar Hill who's running as an
independent candidate because he contends that Johnson is too liberal. Selby's
centerpiece is his call for eliminating the state's auto-emissions testing
program.

- Zip Rzeppa, 53, a former sportscaster and current social worker who turned
down a personal appeal from Blunt to stay out. Rzeppa accuses the GOP of
"turning its back on the pro-life cause" because of internal splits over a bill
banning stem cell research using cloning technology. Blunt has said he'll veto
the measure.

The independent candidacies of Rzeppa and Selby have complicated the picture for
both major parties, who privately fear that either man could be a spoiler.
Rzeppa begins airing TV ads this week.

Alter and Johnson have chosen to primarily ignore the two other candidates.

"When all is said and done, a Republican or Democrat will win this seat," Alter
said.

With GOP help, Alter was the first candidate airing TV ads and remains the only
one. He has already spent well over $100,000 for time on St. Louis television
stations, even though the bulk of the stations' viewers live outside Jefferson
County. His latest barrage of ads paint Johnson as the typical tax-and-spend
Democrat.

"It's an expensive way to get (Alter's) message out, but it's getting the
message out," said state Republican Party consultant John Hancock. Alter also is
expected to benefit from some of the $1.3 million that the state GOP has amassed
in its bank account.

"They're trying to buy the seat," asserted state Democratic Party spokesman Jack
Cardetti, whose party is preparing to send out mailers in support of Johnson.

Johnson, who won't discuss his ad plans, says Alter's ads distort his record.
Nixon says Alter is espousing "negative, backwards leadership" that will hurt
the county and the state.

Still, both major-party candidates are treading lightly on the topics fueling
much of the behind-the-scenes political passion.

Alter, Selby and Rzeppa are social conservatives. All oppose abortion and say
they back the bill banning stem cell research using cloning technology and would
vote to override Blunt's veto. Alter is promoting the National Rife
Association's decision to endorse only him.

Johnson opposes the ban on stem cell research, which he says can generate jobs
and cure diseases. But otherwise, his social stands are nuanced -- prompting
opponents' jabs. Johnson says he personally opposes abortion but also opposes
making it illegal. He says he owns guns but opposed the concealed-weapons
statute because it overturned the 1999 statewide vote against the idea. Johnson
notes that he is backed by the state Fraternal Order of Police.

But it is Alter who carefully measures his comments regarding the state program
cuts. Johnson, Selby and Rzeppa accuse the governor and the GOP legislative
leaders of unfairly targeting Medicaid, which helps the poor and disabled. Alter
says he has yet to take a position on any proposed state-program cuts. Instead,
Alter emphasizes his general desire to protect the poor and elderly.

Business groups are solidly behind Alter. The St. Louis Labor Council, which is
siding with Barnitz in the 16th, is staying out of the Jefferson County battle.
Member unions are split over Johnson and Selby, said council President Robert
Soutier. Rzeppa also says he is pro-labor.

For all the flurry of partisan maneuvering and fund raising, GOP consultant
Zemitzsch hasn't changed his general assessment of the statewide stakes. "This
is all about bragging rights," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  ELECTION 2005

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 Photo - Alter  Republican   Photo - Johnson  Democrat   Photo - Selby
Independent   Photo - Rzeppa  Independent

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  June 20, 2002 Thursday Penn/Elkhart Edition

Crash kills Elkhart teen;
Two others injured, one missing in accident

BYLINE: By JOSHUA STOWE; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 386 words


ELKHART -- A 17-year-old is dead, two of his friends are hurt and one is still
missing after the car they were riding in crashed into a tree near the
intersection of County Road 1 and Tulain Street on Tuesday night.

Police said Markus Allen Alter, 17, was driving a 2002 Honda Civic west on
County Road 1 shortly before 9 p.m. Tuesday when he tried to pass another
vehicle by entering the left lane. He lost control of the car, which went off
the road and struck a tree on the driver's side.

Elkhart County Coroner Jeff Landrum said Alter died after the impact broke his
neck. Landrum was awaiting a toxicology report to see if drugs or alcohol were
involved. It is standard for the coroner's office to get a toxicology report
after a fatal accident.While the driver's side airbag worked, police said,
neither Alter nor passengers Christopher Perez, 14, and Jonathan Herbert, 19,
were wearing seat belts. Sgt. Brian Holloman of the Elkhart County Sheriff's
Department said a third passenger, Billy Lien, 18, was still missing.

Perez and Herbert were taken to Elkhart General Hospital. Police said Perez was
complaining of arm pain and Herbert had suffered a skull fracture. Perez was
released Wednesday morning and Herbert was listed in critical condition
Wednesday evening.

Karen Sparks, Alter's sister, said her brother was a warm and caring young man
who liked baseball and making people laugh.

"Mark was a sunny kid," she said. "He was always either laughing or making
people laugh. He was a very caring person. He was really open. We had a really
good relationship."

Sparks said her brother had been staying with his biological father, Osceola
resident Dana Alter, for about two months when he died. Before that, he had
lived with his mother, Tonya Emerson, stepfather, Leonard Emerson, and brothers
Joel Emerson, 6, and Joshua Emerson, 4, in Elkhart.

After dropping out of Elkhart Memorial High School a couple of years ago, Alter
had recently completed all the class work for his General Educational
Development diploma, Sparks said. She said Alter studied for his GED at a Job
Corps center in Edinburgh, Ind.

In addition, Sparks said, her brother was a member of New Bethel Tabernacle
Church in South Bend and had pitched for a Fraternal Order of Police youth
baseball team in Elkhart.


LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

BYLINE: BY LAYLAN CONNELLY, Staff Writer

SECTION: LAGUNABEACH; Pg. Cover

LENGTH: 794 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hobie Alter is remembered at a Hawaiian tribute on the water off Dana
Point.


Hobie Alter had only one request: He wanted a traditional Hawaiian paddle-out
after he died.

In the blue waters off Dana Point and surrounded by surfboards and sailboats,
Alter's family on Friday released bowls filled with soil brought from Hawaii,
ocean water and sand from Waikiki beach, and rock salt, which represented the
"purification of one's soul, body and life," said Eric Keawe, a "Kahu," or
Hawaiian priest.

Surfers gathered on boards hooted after a prayer in the form of a Hawaiian song,
splashing water to the sky and holding up paddles with the Hobie insignia. Boats
surrounded the group, while the Orange County Harbor Patrol boat sprayed water,
creating a rainbow in its mist. Flowers floated on the water's surface, and
occasionally, a passing wave lifted surfers.

Hundreds of people paddled out in Alter's honor Friday, paying tribute to a man
who changed the way people use the water for surfing and sailing. He is credited
for transforming the foundation of a surfboard from balsa wood to foam, and then
he went on to revolutionize the sailboat by creating the Hobie Cat, a catamaran
dubbed the "people's boat" because of the ease of use and low cost.

Alter was part of a generation that defined what it meant to be a Southern
California surfer. He died March 29 at his Palm Desert home after a bout with
cancer. He was 80.

Well-known surfer and board shaper Mickey Munoz remembers Alter giving him a job
at his shop in Dana Point, the first of its kind in Southern California. He did
ding repairs on boards for Alter in the '50s.

"I think his legacy is 'Have a Hobie Day.' How better can you say it?" Munoz
said, referring to Alter's longtime slogan.

Alter started shaping boards in his parents' Laguna Beach summer home in the
early '50s using the usual heavy balsa wood before teaming with Gordon "Grubby"
Clark to develop polyurethane foam as a substitute for the core of a surfboard
in the late '50s. This enabled more people to take up the growing sport because
of the less expensive and lighter boards. The aerospace industry gave him the
idea of using foam; the same technology is used in most surfboards made today.

In 1954, Alter opened a custom surfboard factory and showroom in Dana Point. In
the late '60s, Alter started to design sailboats - specifically smaller boats
that were affordable at $999. No longer did a boat owner need to belong to a
yacht club or own a slip to enjoy the water; the boats could be launched from
the beach.

Before the paddle-out at Doheny State Beach, surfers gathered with boards and
wetsuits scattered in the grass. Hobie catamarans with colorful sails were
propped around the hundreds who gathered.

Rob Green, from Carlsbad, brought a board that his father, Larry, gave him after
he died last October. The 40-pound board had the number 112 on it, thought to be
the 12th board Alter shaped. For unknown reasons, Alter numbered his boards
starting at 100, Green said.

"I think it's great to get it out of the garage and let people see it," said
Green, who planned on paddling out on it. "He changed so many lives, all over
the place. It's great for people to break this stuff out and get it out here so
people can get a full spectrum of all the stuff he accomplished. I know my dad
would have appreciated it being here."

Surf historians gathered around a booth set up by the Surfing Heritage
Foundation, where the first board ever made by Hobie stood. Foundation founder
Dick Metz knew the original owner in Laguna Beach, who bought it from Hobie for
$40, and asked him to donate it.

Metz was also one of the early employees of Alter, quitting his job as a
bartender to help Alter expand his business. Eventually he helped Alter open 20
stores.

"He was a great friend and certainly a good business partner," Metz said. But
Alter was less interested in the paperwork and more focused on the creative
process.

"Hobie didn't like business. He's an inventor, he's a creative guy. He wanted to
be in a workshop all the time," Metz said. "He didn't want to look at a
financial statement. He used to say, 'If it's good for you, it's good for me.' "

Alter was the "Thomas Edison or Henry Ford of the beach," Metz said.

"He invented toys the public could have fun with at a reasonable price, and they
all worked better than anything else. He made better toys," he said.

Alter also developed a radio-controlled glider and skateboards.

Kai Garmshausen, from Laguna Beach, remembers Alter coming to his elementary
school in the late '60s, armed with new skateboards for the kids.

"They were the coolest thing in the world," he recalled.

Garmshausen stood on the sand with hundreds of others, watching and hooting as
surfers took in party waves to shore after the ceremony.

"He revolutionized the water world," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 21, 2009 Saturday

Alter's run stopped in D-II state semis

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 355 words


COLUMBUS - In the Division II high school girls basketball state semifinals, it
wasn't "What can Brown do for you?"

For Alter, it was what Brown did to them.

Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown delivered some payback, ending Alter's bid for a
title repeat with a 53-40 semifinal win on Friday, March 20.

Alter beat Hathaway Brown 60-46 in last year's D-II title game.

In front of 7,849 spectators at Ohio State University's Schottenstein Center,
the Knights challenged the quicker, faster and deeper Blazers early. But the
second half belonged to Brown.

"Give our young team an awful lot of credit," Alter coach Chris Hart said, "for
making it back here ... having a target on their back all year long."

On Friday, Hathaway Brown (20-6) took aim.

The Blazers hit 18-of-37 shots from the field and were 15-of-17 from the
freethrow line. That - coupled with the Blazers' defense - helped forge a
doubledigit lead from which the Knights never recovered.

Alter (24-3) never led and tied it once at 2-2. An 8-0 run to cap the second
quarter sliced the deficit to seven (26-19) heading into halftime.

The Blazers' lead was quickly restored to double digits, where it remained, when
Alanna Guy opened the second half with a 3-pointer and added a jumper a minute
later. Alter's response?

"Crap," Hart said. "At halftime we talked to the kids and again on the bench
before they came out, let's cut it to three and then we can go."

Instead, it was the Blazers that took off. Hathaway Brown plays Wapakoneta for
the D-II title today.

"We worked just as hard as we do every day," said senior Mary Bruner, who scored
10 points. "You can't help that they make shots."

"And we missed ours," added junior teammate Ashley Christie, who scored 20
points the last time the teams met but just three on Friday.

Freshman Megan Courtney led Alter with 11 points.

Guy and Alexis Dobbs led Brown with 12 points each, and Mylan Woods added 11.

"It wouldn't have mattered to us who we played," Woods said. "But just knowing
it was Alter there is that revenge part of it. That's just extra fire for us. We
would have played hard no matter what, but it feels good to get some payback."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Kaila Howe (right) prepares to launch a shot around Shaker
Heights Hathaway Brown defender Alexis Dobbs during a Division II girls state
basketball semifinal matchup Friday, March 20, in Columbus. Contributed photo by
Jay LaPrete

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday

Youth to lead the way at state track meet

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-10

LENGTH: 330 words


Youth is the one thing the girls teams from Alter, Kettering Fairmont and
Oakwood have in common as they head into the state high school track and field
meet Friday and Saturday, June 6-7, at Ohio State's Jesse Owens Stadium in
Columbus.

There are few seniors on any of the three squads.

Alter, in the Division II regional, had a winning 3,200-meter relay team made up
of freshmen Rebecca Esselstein and Ashley Rodgers, junior Catherine Crisler and
senior Hilary Esselstein. They ran 9:29.53.

Rodgers was also on the 800-meter relay team (1:46.96) with fellow freshman
Jennifer Martin, sophomore Natalie Martin and senior Megan Thuney.

Crisler, Rebecca Esselstein, Jennfier Martin and Rodgers were on the
second-place 1,600-relay team in 4:04.79.

The field events are seniordominated, with Meghan Waterman in the high jump
(second in regional at 5-4), Thuney in the long jump (first at 18-1?) and Holley
Mangold in the shot put (first at 40-11).

Oakwood's 3,200 team is also young, with freshman Kelsey McDonald, sophomores
Ericha Griep and Lucy Shafer, and junior Julia Sizek.

They were second in the regional behind Alter in 9:39.87.

Griep, Shafer and McDonald are joined by freshman Haley Basnett on the
fourthplace 1,600-relay team, which ran 4:08.30 in the regional.

McDonald was second in the 400 meters in 59.44. Sizek won the 3,200 in 11:46.74
while Alter senior Emily Zimmerman was fourth at 12:03.38.

In the 800, Alter's Crisler (2:19.32) and Rebeccea Esselstein (2:20.00) came
first and second in the regional, while Oakwood's Shafer was third (2:20.28).

Fairmont's 3,200-relay team has freshman Maria Meredith, sophomore Andrea
Kelsey, junior Brittany Mefford and senior Jackie Grimme. They were third in the
D-I regional in 9:26.54.

Grimme was also fourth in the 800, overtaking Jenna Heaton of Cincinnati St.
Ursula at the finish line. She ran 2:20.47, while Heaton came in at 2:20.62.

The Firebirds also have Sarah VonderBrink in the high jump. She was third in the
regional at 5-4.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 13, 2005 Thursday

Jills take run at SWBL title

BYLINE: Dave Lamb

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-14

LENGTH: 508 words


Oakwood High School will send its girls cross country team from the frying pan
into the fire over the next two weekends.

And head coach Bryan Ammer is encouraging the talented Jills to savor the
experience.

First, Oakwood will run in the Southwestern Buckeye League championship
Saturday, where Milton-Union, the second-ranked Division II team in the state,
stands in the way.

The following weekend, the Jills will compete at the district championships
where Alter, Ohio's top Division II team, will be the favorite.

"I'm trying to convince the girls they can run with the top teams," Ammer said.
"I tell them to run with some confidence."

Several of the current Oakwood runners were part of the team that won the SWBL
and district titles two years ago.

Last year, the Jills finished behind Milton-Union at the league meet. They
qualified for regionals by placing fourth behind champion Alter, Milton-Union
and Bellbrook.

Junior Dani Reese is back to lead the way. Reese is also a talented track
athlete who placed seventh in the state last spring in the 800-meter run.

Senior captain Emily Neff is right behind her.

Brianna McSemek, another senior captain, leads the rest of the pack that
includes juniors Melissa McGill, Kara Hamilton and Liz Whalen, and sophomore
Sarah Deitz.

Oakwood's less experienced boys team is paced by sophomores John Taylor and Gabe
Svobodny.

Alter soccer captain tears second ACL

Alter boys soccer coach Bob Ellis immediately saw the difference that senior
captain Danny Bertrams could make when he returned from injury. Cruelly, that
difference lasted less than two games.

The talented midfielder suffered a torn ACL on his right knee last spring. He
worked hard to return in time for Alter's annual showdown with Centerville,
which ended in a 2-0 loss.

Bertrams wasn't full strength for that game, but he was ready for Cincinnati
Roger Bacon in the following game.

Alter scored in the first two minutes and rolled to a 5-0 victory, with Bertrams
playing a major role.

"That was his first game back 100 percent," Ellis said. "He definitely would've
made a tremendous difference for us."

However, with about 10 minutes left in that match, Bertrams tore his ACL, ending
his Alter career. He had followed in the footsteps of his dad, Tom, and two
uncles who were standouts for the Knights.

Ellis hopes Bertrams can contribute as a third coach, joining his uncle John on
the sidelines.

State's largest running club helps MetroParks

The Ohio River Road Runners Club is dedicated to the running community in the
Dayton area. But they've proven to be a civic-minded group as well.

The state's largest club, with about 1,500 members, donated $4,000 to Five
Rivers MetroParks for construction at Sugarcreek MetroPark.

The ORRRC contributed $1,840 to the Red Cross for hurricane relief efforts.
Funds came from entry fees and donations at the Deweese Park 5K and matching
funds.

The club also donated shirts and vests from the Miamisburg Turkey Trot and the
Ghost and Goblins races to Katrina survivors.

Contact Dave Lamb at 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                   Dufry AG;

                                Brunngässlein 12
                                   Basel 4052
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  13. Mai 2013
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Basel

DATUM:  8. Juli 2004
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Dufourstr. 11, Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Hardstr. 95, Basel

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0612664495
TELEFAX: 0612614981
INTERNET: www.dufry.ch
E-MAIL: headoffice@dufry.ch

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406835700

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1865
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 11.11.2003
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 19946


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  10. August 2016
 ANG. FIRMENGRUPPE: über 70 Gesellschaften in 33 Ländern

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Jorge Born
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Buenos Aires
LAND:  Argentinien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Argentinien

NAME:  Xavier Bouton
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Paris
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  See Ngoh Chiang
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Singapur (SG)
LAND:  Singapur
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Singapur


NAME:  Julián Díaz Gonzalez
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Altendorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  George Koutsolioutsos
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Agios Stefanos (GR)
LAND:  Griechenland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Griechenland


NAME:  Heekyung Jo Min
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Fort Lee (NJ/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Joaquin Moya - Angeler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Madrid
LAND:  Spanien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  Juan Carlos Torres
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Meggen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  Andres Holzer
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Mexico City
LAND:  Mexiko
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Mexiko


NAME:  Eric Adjoubel
ORT:  Paris
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.12.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Gilles Cojan
ORT:  Paris
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.12.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Carl Eicher
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.12.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  José Gabriel Martin
ORT:  Barcelona
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.11.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Antonio Moya-Angeler
ORT:  Madrid
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 12.04.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alberto Pons
ORT:  Barcelona
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.12.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Luis Solorzano Aizpuru
ORT:  Mexiko City
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.11.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Stephan Otto Werthmüller
ORT:  Binningen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Niederösch, Basel, Ersigen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.12.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Jaime Carvajal Urquijo
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Madrid
LAND:  Spanien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  James Cohen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Alpine
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  José Lucas Ferreira de Melo
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Sao Paulo
LAND:  Brasilien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Brasilien


NAME:  Directeur Mario Fontana
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Stabio


NAME:  Maurizio Mauro
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Sao Paulo
LAND:  Brasilien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Brasilien
BÜRGERORT:  und ital. Staatsa.


NAME:  David Mussafer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Westen
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Steven Marc Tadler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Manchester
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Ernst Bachrach
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Key Biscayne
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Morgan Stanley Group
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  T. Rowe Price Associates Inc.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Tarpon Gestora de Recursos S.A.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Brasilien
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Travel Retail Investment SCA
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
BEMERKUNGEN:  Aktionärsgruppe bestehend aus diversen Firmen/Privatpersonen


NAME:  Franklin Resources Inc.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Global Retail Group S.à.r.l
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Hudson Media Inc.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Norges Bank
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Norwegen
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  DUFRY INTERNATIONAL AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. Mai 1975
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  DUFRY GRUPPE
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  José Antonio Gea Puig
ORT:  Lachen SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien

NAME:  Luis Marin
ORT:  Therwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  Andreas Schneiter
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schwendibach


NAME:  Julián Díaz Gonzalez
ORT:  Altendorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  Xavier Rossinyol Espel
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


reine Beteiligungsgesellschaft. Dufry AG ist in der Schweiz und in Brasilien
börsenkotiert.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Positive Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften

   Erwerb, Halten, dauernde Verwaltung, Veräusserung und Finanzierung von
Beteiligungen an Unternehmen aller Art. Die Gesellschaft kann Immobilien
erwerben, halten und veräussern sowie Garantien und andere Sicherheiten für
Verbindlichkeiten von verbundenen Gesellschaften stellen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016               CHF 3'900.00
2015               CHF 4'200.00
2014               CHF 4'196.60
2013               CHF 3'571.70
2012               CHF 3'153.60
2011               CHF 2'637.70
2010               CHF 2'610.20
2009               CHF 2'378.70

BEMERKUNGEN:  Angaben Firmengruppe konsolidiert.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Morgan Stanley Group
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  T. Rowe Price Associates Inc.
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Tarpon Gestora de Recursos S.A.
LAND:  Brasilien
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Travel Retail Investment SCA
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
BEMERKUNGEN:  Aktionärsgruppe bestehend aus diversen Firmen/Privatpersonen


NAME:  Areas SA
ORT:  Barcelona
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Aktionär/in. (18%)


NAME:  Franklin Resources Inc.
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Global Retail Group S.à.r.l
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Hudson Media Inc.
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Norges Bank
LAND:  Norwegen
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  DUFRY INTERNATIONAL AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. Mai 1975
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


LIIERUNG:
NAME:  DUFRY Basel-Mulhouse AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Juni 2003
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  Dufry Corporate AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. November 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Dufry Holdings & Investments AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Januar 2010
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  DUFRY MANAGEMENT AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Dezember 2004
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  DUFRY Participations AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Oktober 1965
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  DUFRY RUSSIA HOLDING AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  17. August 2005
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  DUFRY Samnaun AG
ORT:  Samnaun Dorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. März 1964
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Dufry Trading AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. März 2012
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  International Operations & Services (CH) AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. Januar 2003
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 269'358'535.00
LIBIERUNG:  269'358'535.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  53'871'707
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 5.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  14. März 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 260'312'595.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 269'358'535.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Juni 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 179'525'280.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 260'312'595.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Juli 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 154'525'280.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 179'525'280.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Dezember 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 148'369'115.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 154'525'280.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Oktober 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 134'881'015.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 148'369'115.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. März 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 96'069'770.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 134'881'015.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Dezember 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 91'406'250.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 96'069'770.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Oktober 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 70'312'500.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 91'406'250.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Dezember 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 60'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 70'312'500.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Juli 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 45'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 60'000'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. Februar 2004
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 45'000'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  24. November 2005
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Sintres Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Dufry AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 29, 2012 Thursday

Bellbrook celebrates great girls basketball season;
2011-12 season was second-best season in school's history.;
Focus on your hometown team Bellbrook

BYLINE: By Dave Long

SECTION: BELLBROOK AND SUGARCREEK TWP.; Pg. RE6

LENGTH: 738 words


Senior guard Leisha Crawford was Bellbrook's most outstanding player this
season. Crawford averaged 10.6 points per game and led the Golden Eagles in 10
statistical categories. STAFF PHOTO BY BARBARA PERENIC

BELLBROOK - Bellbrook held its 2011-12 girls high school basketball banquet
Sunday, and the event proved to be quite a celebration.

Coach Jason Tincher worked overtime to find superlatives to describe the
second-best girls hoops season in school history. The best was in 1975-76, when
the Eagles were the Class AA runner-up in the first girls state tournament
sponsored by the Ohio High School Athletic Association.

It took 36 years, but Bellbrook returned to state this season, losing in the
Division II semifinals, 48-34, to Hathaway Brown, an all-girls private school
from Shaker Heights in suburban Cleveland. Hathway Brown would go on to win its
fourth straight D-II championship.

"What a great year," said Tincher. "It was obviously disappointing being able to
get to state and not win it. But we finally got over the hump this year and got
a taste of what it's like to compete at the state level.

"You hope it will be an incentive to the girls coming back next season and all
the girls in the junior high and elementary schools - to work hard to get better
and get back to state and win it."

Tough defense

Bellbrook went 22-5 this season. It went 12-0 in the Southwestern Division of
the Southwestern Buckeye League for the second straight year and won the
division for the 11th time in 12 years.

In tournament play, the Eagles defeated Alter for the sectional title, Kenton
Ridge in the district, Chaminade Julienne in the regional semifinals and Carroll
for the regional title.

Bellbrook became the first public school in history to sweep Catholic schools
Alter, CJ and Carroll in tournament play. Those school are perennial powers with
Alter and Carroll owning the last four regional titles.

The difference between this Bellbrook team and those of the past was a physical
presence on defense.

"There's always been kind of a knock that we come from a 'soft' league in the
SWBL and couldn't be as physical as the teams from the GGCL (Girls Greater
Cincinnati League - Alter, CJ, Car-roll)," said senior guard Shelby Sigman after
a 48-27 win over Alter in the sectional final.

"So we had a team meeting before the Alter game to make sure we weren't going to
back down. If they pushed, we pushed back and didn't give up defensive position
and went after every rebound."

Taylor a factor

That toughness was most evident at center, where Chea Taylor, a 6-foot-1
sophomore, took away the middle defensively.

"Chea just got better with every game in the tournament," said Tincher. "She was
one of the reasons we made the run to state.

"She clogged up the middle and didn't allow easy baskets, got big rebounds and
gave us an inside presence."

Taylor was Bellbrook's most improved player for the season, averaging 8.1 points
and 7.9 rebounds. She had a double-double in the state semis with 11 points and
11 rebounds.

Senior guard Leisha Craw-ford was chosen as the team's most outstanding player.
She was the second leading scorer (10.6 points per game) and led the squad in 10
categories.

Taylor is one of six players from the state tournament team who will return for
the 2012-13 season, along with 5-foot-11 junior Erin Dorn, 5-foot-10 junior
Gabrielle "G" Etter, 6-foot junior Kelly Neumann, 5-foot-10 sophomore Emily
Smith and 5-foot-7 sophomore Caroline Hypes.

Tincher also has some talented players coming off a 16-4 reserve team, plus
outstanding players in the middle school.

"You could see the confidence building through the tournament in the girls that
they can play with teams at the state level," said Tincher. "In the past,
getting to this level has always been the big unknown.

"Now it's not. I think there's a feeling among the girls they belong, and
they're going to work hard over the spring and summer to get better in every
aspect of the game."

Huge crowds

The outcome of the game was the only disappointment for the throng that followed
Bellbrook to state. The school sold a tournament-record 1,351 presale tickets
and had at least another 1,500 fans show up at the game to create a sea of
purple.

"I'm a Bellbrook graduate and taught here most of my career," Tincher said.
"I've never seen such community support and enthusiasm for any athletic team.
That inspired the girls and made the trip to state even more special."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

AT&T Intellectual Property I, L.P. (Georgia) applies for US Patent titled as
"METHODS AND APPARATUS TO ALTER A VEHICLE OPERATION"

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160325754 for US Patent, published on November 10, 2016, by
AT&T Intellectual Property I, L.P. (Georgia), titled as "METHODS AND APPARATUS
TO ALTER A VEHICLE OPERATION"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Stahulak; Charles M.; (Chicago, IL) ; Shaw, SR.; Gregory Thomas;
(Morganville, NJ) ; Vardharajan; Satya; (San Diego, CA)

Applicant: AT&T Intellectual Property I, L.P.   Atlanta   GA   US (Georgia)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods and apparatus are disclosed to alter the driving profile of a vehicle.
An example method disclosed herein determines, based on a user selection, a
desired driving profile to apply to a vehicle. The example method includes
identifying a set of alterations to operating parameters of vehicle systems
associated with the desired driving profile. The example method includes
determining a subset of the set of alterations that the vehicle can execute, and
in response to determining the subset that the vehicle can execute, applying the
subset to the vehicle to produce the desired driving profile."


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 2, 2006 Saturday

Alter's defense bumps Bellbrook, 21-3

BYLINE: By Ron Jackson Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 308 words


KETTERING - Bellbrook High School head football coach Kevin Basinger made an
astute observation following his team's 21-3 loss to Alter.

"A lot of Alter's defensive players wear running back numbers, and they play
like them with their speed and athleticism," Basinger said. "They're an awesome
defensive unit full of playmakers."

The Knights improved to 2-0 while Bellbrook slipped to 1- 1 before a crowd of
4,500 at Roush Stadium. Alter continued its mastery of the south suburban
series, winning for the sixth time in the last seven meetings.

"The game plan was to get physical with (Jared) Edwards before he got physical
with us," said Knights' end Casey Siggins, referring to the Golden Eagles speedy
running back. "We're just excited about not giving up a touchdown yet."

The Knights shut out Fairmont, 33-0, in the opener.

Edwards had 27 yards on 14 carries. Siggins embodies the toughness of Alter's D.
He is the grandson of University of Dayton Hall of Fame quarterback Frank
Siggins, who starred on the Flyers' Salad Bowl team in the mid-1950s.

"My grandpa was a no-nonsense Marine before he played for UD," Siggins said. "I
would like to think I inherited his nononsense attitude."

His D-line brethren joining him in bringing the heat were Brad Cash, Nick
Anderson, Tim Cableck and Hank Keighley.

The Knights did not allow a Bellbrook first down until early in the fourth
quarter.

Offensively, Alter was fueled by the rushing duo of Michael Shaw (two
touchdowns) and Chris Roark (61 yards on only six carries). Sophomore Danny
Jasper sparked the Knights with two crucial punt returns (32 and 52 yards) that
led to scores.

Tempering the victory was a knee injury to veteran quarterback Steve O'Donnell,
who left six minutes into the game. Sophomore Austin Boucher replaced him.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2478 or rjackson@DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School running back Michael Shaw (21) stiff-arms Bellbrook
defender Tyler Long on Friday night at Roush Stadium in Kettering. Shaw scored
two touchdowns in a 21-3 victory. Staff photo by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday

Alter defense dominates Eaton, 42-13;
Great field position leads to short drives for Knights

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi mgokavi@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 399 words


nent. The Knights turned one of those into a 14-0 lead.

"It just kills all the momentum," said Alter's Tommy Hogan, whose interception
set up the Knight's first score. "Everything that they'd built up, it just kills
them."

After a nice punt return, Alter's Chris Roark got his second TD ending a
threeplay drive for a 21-0 lead. "Give credit to them," said Eaton coach Ron
Neanen, whose team finishes 8-3. "That's probably one of the best defenses I've
ever seen. They are fast. They are strong. They're quick. They get to the ball.
They put tremendous pressure on you."

vision III, Region 10 quarterfinals.

Alter (9-2) plays Springfield Shawnee (10-1) in the region semifinals at 7:30
p.m. next Friday at a site to be determined. "We were in his face," Alter coach
Ed Domsitz said of Fudge. "Maybe it caused him to hurry a little bit. I thought
we had some great coverage."

Just like last week against Chaminade-Julienne, bad punt snaps hurt Alter's
oppo-KETTERING - Alter is solid on an entire football field. On a short one, the
Knights are almost unstoppable.

The Knights sacked Eaton's Jeremy Fudge five times and intercepted him twice
Friday night at Chester Roush Stadium. Those things led to good field position
and scoring drives of 15- 20- and 28 yards. The Knights rolled to a 42-13
victory in the Di-

Fudge did throw nice touchdown passes to Brandon Robinson and Jake Johnson to
get within 21-13.

But that rally ended when Alter sophomore Michael Shaw broke two tackles, spun
and raced for a 51-yard TD and a 28-13 lead. Alter milked the clock and scored
twice more.

"You're going to see a lot of Michael Shaw," Domsitz said. "He's got some speed,
moves and strength and he's a smart kid."

Unofficially, Shaw rushed for 83 yards on seven carries. Roark had 77 yards on
21 attempts while Alex Place added two scores and 36 yards.

Besides their turnovers and negative plays, Eaton had costly penalties.

"That first half we just dug ourselves in such a hole - some bad plays there,
some real mental lapses and mental mistakes," Neanen said. "You can't do that at
this level."

Including the sacks and bad punt snaps, Eaton unofficially ended with minus-27
rushing yards.

"We just wanted to come in and prove that the hype was true," Alter defensive
tackle Brad Cash said. "I'm not saying we're all this and all that, but I'm
pretty sure we have a pretty solid defense."

Contact Mark Gokavi at 225-6951

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JIM WITMER/DAYTON DAILY NEWS EATON DB ERIC CROWE forces Alter's Michael
Shaw to fumble Friday in their D-III playoff game in Kettering. Shaw recovered
on this play.
JIM WITMER/DAYTON DAILY NEWS EATON'S JEREMY FUDGE gets sacked by Nick Anderson
of Alter during secondquarter action. The Knights won, 42-13.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 31, 2012 Wednesday

Balanced Alter's ready for regionals;
The team has several offensive weapons to use against Wyoming.;
VOLLEYBALL

BYLINE: By DebbieJuniewicz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 441 words


The Alter Knights are all smiles during a volleyball competition on Oct. 20 at
Lebanon High School. The team won its fifth consecutive district championship on
Saturday.

KETTERING - The Alter volleyball team has been put to the test all season, but
the real test begins today in the regional tournament.

"I think our tougher schedule benefits us," Knights coach Tina Jasinowski said.
"We have more consistently tough matches during the season than most teams."

Alter improved to 17-9 in winning its fifth consecutive Division II district
championship on Saturday.

"But we're a lot different team than we were a year ago," Jasinowski said. "Last
year, we basically gave Megan (Courtney) the ball. We are more balanced this
year."

While Penn State University freshman Courtney carried the bulk of the Knights'
offense last year, Alter has several offensive weapons this season. Junior
middle hitter Sara Crotty and sophomore outside hitter Maddie Bazelak have each
tallied more than 200 kills this season. Middle hitter Natalie Seiler and
outside hitter Abby Rodgers have each added more than 125 kills.

Alter will face a familiar foe in Wyoming on Wednesday at Wilmington High
School, the same semifinal opponent as last year. The Knights came out on top
last season.

D-III: The lineup was a puzzle for much of the season, but the pieces are now in
place for Fenwick.

"We probably switched up the back row six times and tried seven or eight
different lineups," Falcons coach Yoon Ha said. "But they've been playing good
ball since we settled on this lineup."

With Fenwick's district win, the Falcons (13-12) are finally above .500. But
even more important than the wins is the leadership that has emerged.

Fenwick will face Anna in the regional semifinal Thursday at Fairmont's Trent
Arena. Al-lie Miller and Sydney Beck likely will be the Falcons' top weapons,
having posted 173 and 164 kills, respectively.

Defending D-III state champions Miami East will face Cincinnati Hills Christian
Academy in other regional semifinal action Thursday.

D-IV: They aren't simply the best in the region, they are frequently the best in
the state.

How dominant have the D-IV Southwest District schools been at the state
tournament? Since 2004, St. Henry and Lehman Catholic have earned two titles
apiece and Marion Local has won three state championships. These teams battle
each other during the regular season as well as the postseason.

Lehman, which collected its 20th consecutive district title Saturday, will face
Fort Loramie and Jackson Center will battle Marion Local in the semifinals at
Vandalia Butler on Wednesday.

Contact this contributing writer at djunie@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 27, 2008 Thursday

Alter soccer coach set to carry on tradition

BYLINE: DAVE LAMB HERE AND THERE

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-8

LENGTH: 423 words


If Corrie Weckesser wasn't already familiar with the Alter High School girls
soccer program, this is how athletic director Chris Hart could have approached
her before and after offering her the head coaching job.

Before: "You will take over a tradition-rich program that reached the regional
final last year with a 16-3-1 record."

After: "Oh, by the way, you graduated all 11 starters.

Either way, Weckesser is poised for the challenge to succeed Jason Balogh, who
stepped down after nine successful seasons.

"I've wanted to be the head of a program," she said. "Once I got involved with
the Alter program, I respected the values and morals and the outstanding
tradition of Alter."

The former Beavercreek High School standout - then as Corrie Vuckovich - started
her coaching career with the freshmen team at Mesa High School in Arizona in
2000. After returning to the Dayton area, she spent three years with the Carroll
program and the past two seasons at Alter.

Weckesser, who spent last season as a varsity assistant, is unfazed by losing so
much experience from the team.

"We have eight players returning, a strong JV team and I heard we have an
outstanding incoming freshmen class," she said.

Weckesser, who teaches third grade at Incarnation School in Centerville, knows
she wants to instruct her players on more than returning to the state
tournament.

"I'm coaching the whole person," she said. "I want to teach responsibility on
and off the field, dedication to academics, soccer and family."

She'll keep family in mind when planning her practice schedule. Her husband,
Jim, a former outstanding runner at Centerville High School and Bowling Green,
coaches the Elk cross country team.

"We'll try to schedule practices at the same time so we can actually have dinner
together," Corrie said.

Successful nine-year run ends

With his second child born in January, Balogh decided it was time to spend more
time with family.

"Leaving Alter was a very difficult decision for me, because it was such a huge
part of my life the past nine years," he said.

Balogh posted a record of 80-45-17, highlighted by an appearance in the state
championship game in 2001.

In addition to that banner season, the Knights won district titles in 2003, '04
and last season. They reached the regional finals two of those seasons.

Balogh will remain involved in soccer, but closer to home. He will serve as a
varsity assistant for Eric Detmer at Springboro High School, which is located
about five minutes from his home.

Contact this columnist at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 30, 2010 Saturday

Knights notch upset after CJ rally falls short;
Alter leads by 10 with four minutes left, but Eagles nearly pull it out.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 275 words


FAIRBORN - It's unusual to see Alter High School's boys basketball team at the
bottom of the Greater Catholic League standings.

But, for one night at least, on Friday, Jan. 29, the Knights turned the league
upside down.

Alter saw a 10-point lead evaporate in the fourth quarter against Chaminade
Julienne but held on to hand the GCL North Division leader its second loss,
38-36, at the Nutter Center.

"A win in the league always makes it better," said Alter coach Joe Petrocelli,
whose team has won five of its last nine after a 1-3 start.

Alter led 36-26 with 4:41 left to play before CJ rattled off a 10-1 run -
including three straight scores off steals - to make it 37-36 with 1:53 to go.

CJ, which missed at least four shots in the final 1:20, trailed 38-36 after Joe
Thuney's free throw with eight seconds left.

Joe Staley's 3-pointer from the corner, and right in front of CJ's bench, missed
to end the game.

"We were so anxious, so panicky at the end," said CJ coach Joe Staley Sr.

"It's a rivalry so you expect them to give you their best shot. Alter played a
real good game."

CJ (12-2, 5-1), ranked No. 2 in the Dayton Daily News Division II rankings and
No. 2 in the state, had won 11 straight following a loss to No. 1 Dunbar.

Max Zukowitz scored 14 points, and Thuney grabbed 11 rebounds to lead Alter
(6-7, 2-4 GCL).

"Beating CJ is big because they are the No. 2 team in the state. I think they
deserve to be No. 2," Petrocelli said.

Does that make Alter No. 3, then?

"I don't think we're even No. 33," Petrocelli said with a laugh. "I'm really
happy for these kids. It's been a struggle. It's taken us awhile but we're
coming together."

? Box scores, B4

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 21, 2008 Monday

Knights squander early lead in defeat

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 304 words


KETTERING - Early on, the Alter High School zone defense was frustrating
Providence Christian, and the Knights were getting open looks. Then, things
changed.

After opening with a 12-2 lead, Alter cooled in the second half and lost 64-56
in its Flyin' to the Hoop matchup on Sunday at Trent Arena. Providence, a prep
school from Six Mile, S.C., made 65.2 percent of its shots in the second half to
pull away.

Ryan Siggins, a 6-foot-5 junior, led Alter (7-7) with 24 points on 10-of-22
shooting and added eight rebounds, but Alter shot 33.8 percent as a team. Justus
Von Wright attacked the Knights for 24 points and 10 boards and scored the
basket that put Providence up 32-30 with 3:46 left in the third quarter as the
team's first lead since 2-0. Alter couldn't retake the lead.

Middletown 62, Milestone (M.O.) 42: Senior Phillip Barnett (12 points, 10
rebounds) and junior Bill Edwards Jr. (10, 12) each had double-doubles for the
Middies, who were led in scoring by junior Allen Roberts' 16 points.

Harmony Prep 57, Summit Prep (Calif.) 55: Toledo recruit A.J. Davis led Harmony
with 12 points, and Bud Mackey added 10. Alex Tuckey had 14 points, including
10-of-10 free throws, for Summit.

Nashville Christian (Tenn.) 89, Future Academy 57 (N.C.): James Harris, a senior
guard, made 6-of-9 3-pointers on his way to 24 points for Nashville Christian,
which pulled away with a 27-14 thirdquarter advantage. Jeff Adams led Future
Academy with 21 points and eight rebounds.

Our Savior New American (N.Y.) 92, Summit Prep 81 (Calif.):

Playing its second game of the day, about seven hours after the first, Summit
Prep blew an 18-point first-quarter lead. Gerardo Suero led OSNA with 33 points
and nine rebounds, Nigel Ajere had 29 points and 10 boards for Summit.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

Paddle-out for Hobie Alter draws hundreds

BYLINE: BY LAYLAN CONNELLY, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A

LENGTH: 799 words



HIGHLIGHT: The inventor is remembered at a Hawaiian tribute on the water off
Dana Point.


Hobie Alter had only one request: He wanted a traditional Hawaiian paddle-out
after he died.

In the blue waters off Dana Point and surrounded by surfboards and sailboats,
Alter's family on Friday released bowls filled with soil brought from Hawaii,
ocean water and sand from Waikiki beach, and rock salt, which represented the
"purification of one's soul, body and life," said Eric Keawe, a "Kahu," or
Hawaiian priest.

Surfers gathered on boards hooted after a prayer in the form of a Hawaiian song,
splashing water to the sky and holding up paddles with the Hobie insignia. Boats
surrounded the group, while the Orange County Harbor Patrol boat sprayed water,
creating a rainbow in its mist. Flowers floated on the water's surface, and
occasionally, a passing wave lifted surfers.

Hundreds of people paddled out in Alter's honor Friday, paying tribute to a man
who changed the way people use the water for surfing and sailing. He is credited
for transforming the foundation of a surfboard from balsa wood to foam, and then
he went on to revolutionize the sailboat by creating the Hobie Cat, a catamaran
dubbed the "people's boat" because of the ease of use and low cost.

Alter was part of a generation that defined what it meant to be a Southern
California surfer. He died March 29 at his Palm Desert home after a bout with
cancer. He was 80.

Well-known surfer and board shaper Mickey Munoz remembers Alter giving him a job
at his shop in Dana Point, the first of its kind in Southern California. He did
ding repairs on boards for Alter in the early '50s.

"I think his legacy is 'Have a Hobie Day.' How better can you say it?" Munoz
said, referring to Alter's longtime slogan.

Alter started shaping boards in his parents' Laguna Beach summer home in the
early '50s using the usual heavy balsa wood before teaming with Gordon "Grubby"
Clark to develop polyurethane foam as a substitute for the core of a surfboard
in the late '50s. This enabled more people to take up the growing sport because
of the less expensive and lighter boards. The aerospace industry gave him the
idea of using foam; the same technology is used in most surfboards made today.

In 1954, Alter opened a custom surfboard factory and showroom in Dana Point. In
the late '60s, Alter started to design sailboats - specifically smaller boats
that were affordable at $999. No longer did a boat owner need to belong to a
yacht club or own a slip to enjoy the water; the boats could be launched from
the beach.

Before the paddle-out at Doheny State Beach, surfers gathered with boards and
wetsuits scattered in the grass. Hobie catamarans with colorful sails were
propped around the hundreds who gathered.

Rob Green, from Carlsbad, brought a board that his father, Larry, gave him after
he died last October. The 40-pound board had the number 112 on it, thought to be
the 12th board Alter shaped. For unknown reasons, Alter numbered his boards
starting at 100, Green said.

"I think it's great to get it out of the garage and let people see it," said
Green, who planned on paddling out on it. "He changed so many lives, all over
the place. It's great for people to break this stuff out and get it out here so
people can get a full spectrum of all the stuff he accomplished. I know my dad
would have appreciated it being here."

Surf historians gathered around a booth set up by the Surfing Heritage
Foundation, where the first board ever made by Hobie stood. Foundation founder
Dick Metz knew the original owner in Laguna Beach, who bought it from Hobie for
$40, and asked him to donate it.

Metz was also one of the early employees of Alter, quitting his job as a
bartender to help Alter expand his business. Eventually he helped Alter open 20
stores.

"He was a great friend and certainly a good business partner," Metz said. But
Alter was less interested in the paperwork and more focused on the creative
process.

"Hobie didn't like business. He's an inventor, he's a creative guy. He wanted to
be in a workshop all the time," Metz said. "He didn't want to look at a
financial statement. He used to say, 'If it's good for you, it's good for me.' "

Alter was the "Thomas Edison or Henry Ford of the beach," Metz said.

"He invented toys the public could have fun with at a reasonable price, and they
all worked better than anything else. He made better toys," he said.

Alter also developed a radio-controlled glider and skateboards.

Kai Garmshausen, from Laguna Beach, remembers Alter coming to his elementary
school in the late '60s, armed with new skateboards for the kids.

"They were the coolest thing in the world," he recalled.

Garmshausen stood on the sand with hundreds of others, watching and hooting as
surfers took in party waves to shore after the ceremony.

"He revolutionized the water world," he said.



lconnelly@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 11, 2008 Tuesday

Alter girls cap long weekend in Columbus with state crown;
Knights dump Hathaway Brown 60-46 in game delayed two days by snowstorm

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 256 words


COLUMBUS - It was a long, mostly fun weekend.

The Alter High School girls basketball team had a lot of activities in Columbus.
There was splashing around their hotel water park, playing board games, eating
at restaurants, watching a movie, going to Mass, practicing and, oh yeah,
playing in the Division II state championship game.

"For a little bit, we were getting kind of sick of each other - just trapped in
our hotel," Alter junior Mary Bruner said of the snowstorm that delayed the
state tourney. "But by the end of it, we were just all happy to be with each
other and we knew what we had to do."

What the Knights did Monday, March 10, was win their first girls state hoops
title - a 60-46 victory over Hathaway Brown at the Schottenstein Center.

"It's wonderful," Alter coach Christina Hart said. "What a great accomplishment
for our program."

Ashley Christie scored 20 points while Nicole Christie and Bruner added 12
apiece for the 25-3 Knights.

It was a long, strange trip between Thursday's semifinal win and Monday's title.
And while the girls limited basketball discussion during the delay, it was to be
Topic No. 1 on the bus ride home.

"I'm not doing homework," Bruner said. "We're not going to stop talking about
this."

? Alter steps up, finishes off

state title run Articles on B1, B4

Versailles wins D-III state title

Completing a perfect (28-0) season in style, the Versailles High School girls
basketball team beat Sugarcreek Garaway 51-33 to reign supreme. As head coach
Jacki Stonebraker put it, "Unbelievable!"

Articles on B1, B4

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Alter girls basketball team celebrates its 60-46 win over Shaker
Heights Hathaway Brown in the Division II state final Monday, March 10, at the
Schottenstein Center in Columbus. Staff photo by Chris Stewart

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 16, 2009 Saturday

Alter boys volleyball player earns scholarship

BYLINE: COLLEGE CONNECTION SEAN McCLELLAND

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 561 words


Kevin Van Oss (Alter)

stands 6 feet, 9 inches tall and is good enough at volleyball to have received a
partial scholarship from the New Jersey Institute of Technology, where he plans
to study biology.

It's a Division I program and the only potential downside would seem to be the
school's location, in blighted downtown Newark.

"My mom was worried," Van Oss said. "When we were being shown around on my
visit, to make my mom feel better, we talked to campus security and they said
all the bad things you hear about Newark go on outside the campus. The campus
itself reminds me of UD."

Van Oss, an outside hitter, came to NJIT's attention while playing in a club
tournament at Penn State recently. His scholarship is a reminder of how even the
less-recognized sports can propel high school athletes a long way these days.

"People told me I was good, but I never thought I was amazing or anything," Van
Oss said. "But I guess I was good enough."

He played freshman basketball at Alter, but the growth spurt that would add
eight inches and turn him into a self-described "real goofy kid" was still a
couple of years away.

Imposing height helps in volleyball too, of course, and Van Oss can be
intimidating at the net; he has 426 kills in two varsity seasons. "I love
looking at (opposing players') faces when we walk out on the floor," he said.

Men's volleyball is more prominent out west. Not all Big Ten schools even offer
it as a varsity sport, which explains why Penn State and NJIT inhabit the same
conference, the Eastern Collegiate Volleyball Association.

That's why a men's volleyball scholarship, even a partial one, is truly an
accomplishment.

"It's a pretty big deal," Van Oss decided. "I'm really excited, actually. And I
like the campus."

Men's club volleyball attracts many who hope to continue in the sport. Outside
hitter Ryan Kramer and middle hitter Joe Krystofik, two of Van Oss's Alter
teammates, plan to play at Arizona State and Dayton, respectively.

Serve and volley

Justin Kronauge (Centerville)

won in straight sets at No. 3 singles as the Ohio State men's tennis team beat
Boise State 4-0 on Thursday, May 14, to advance at the NCAA tournament in
College Station, Texas. The Buckeyes (34-1 with a 26-match winning streak), who
have reached the quarterfinals four straight years, take on Baylor today.
Kronauge is 38-7 overall this season and 13-1 in the third spot in the singles
lineup.

OSU coach Ty Tucker said the Baylor match shapes up as his team's toughest to
date. It's a rematch; the Buckeyes won 7-0 in early March in Columbus.

Campus tour

* Lone senior Danielle Goubeaux (Coldwater) is a driving force (cleanup hitter,
.376 batting average, 34 RBIs) behind the Ohio Northern softball team playing in
the NCAA Division III World Series this weekend in Montclair, N.J. The No.
4-ranked Polar Bears opened Friday with a 3-1 loss to Messiah (Pa.), and now
must beat Texas-Tyler this morning to stay alive in the double-elimination
tournament.

* Michael Crane, a 2005 Bellbrook graduate, has been named assistant women's
soccer coach in charge of goalkeepers at national power Duke. Crane, a
goalkeeper in college at Akron and the University of Indianapolis, lettered in
soccer and basketball in high school.

Anyone with news of local athletes competing in college sports is encouraged to
e-mail smcclelland@DaytonDailyNews.com or sports@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                            Ironman Switzerland AG;

                              Steinwiesenstrasse 3
                                 Schlieren 8952
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  12. November 2007
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren, Uitikonerstr. 8
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren, Steinwiesenstr. 3

DATUM:  23. März 2005
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Effretikon, Wattstr. 5
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren, Uitikonerstr. 8


DATUM:  5. Juni 2002
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Effretikon, Kyburgstrasse 1
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Effretikon, Wattstrasse 5

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0434337090
INTERNET: www.ironmanzurich.com
E-MAIL: switzerland@ironman.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406598399

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1995
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 05.06.2002
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 06


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  23. Juni 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
FIRMENNAME:  BK Sport Promotion GmbH
FIRMENORT:  Illnau-Effretikon
AKTIVA:  0.00
PASSIVA:  0.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  0.00
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Das Unternehmen wird mit Aktiven und Passiven
gemäss Bilanz vom 31.12.2001 ohne Liquidation als AG fortgeführt.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Nico Aeschlimann
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Trachselwald

NAME:  Felix Eichenberger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Beinwil am See


NAME:  Shane Facteau
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lutz (FL/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  James Patrick Gramling
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Tampa (FL/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Steven Louis Johnston
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lutz (FL/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Andrew Messick
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Tampa (FL/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Kurt Denk
ORT:  Maintal
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.01.06 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Trisha Aylor
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St. Petersburg (FL/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Martin Koller
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Gränichen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  OberwilLieli


NAME:  Peter Boll
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Oberwil-Lieli
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  St. Gallen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
14.09.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Benjamin Fertic
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Tarpon Springs (FL,US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Nico Aeschlimann
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Trachselwald

NAME:  Felix Eichenberger
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Beinwil am See


NAME:  Steven Louis Johnston
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Andrew Messick
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Verantstaltungs- und Sportagentur.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
93190 - Erbringung von sonstigen Dienstleistungen des Sports
93290 - Erbringung von Dienstleistungen der Unterhaltung und der Erholu

   Durchführung und Vermarktung von Sportveranstaltungen, Herstellung von
Sportfachzeitschriften, Vermarktung von Spitzenathleten, Organisation von Sport-
und Reiseferien; Beteiligung an und Gründung von Gesellschaften oder
Zweigniederlassungen im Bereich des Hauptzwecks; kann sämtliche Geschäfte
tätigen, welche mit dem Gesellschaftszweck im Zusammenhang stehen, wie die
Gewährung von Krediten, Kauf und Verwaltung von Liegenschaften; kann sich auch
an Unternehmungen im In- und Ausland beteiligen; kann Grundstücke erwerben,
halten und veräussern.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 3.30
2015                   CHF 3.50
2014                   CHF 3.50
2013                   CHF 3.50

BEMERKUNGEN:  Angaben des laufenden bzw. nächsten Jahres lt. Budget. Umsatz laut
Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR NICHT BESTÄTIGT:
NAME:  Nico Aeschlimann
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Trachselwald

NAME:  Felix Eichenberger
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Beinwil am See


NAME:  Steven Louis Johnston
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Andrew Messick
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  Cantex Treuhand AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. März 1970
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 50'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisionsstelle. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
13.07.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  revisionsteam GmbH.
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Mai 2004
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  100
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. Juni 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 50'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  26. November 2013
ALTES DOMIZIL:  BK Sportpromotion AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Ironman Switzerland AG

DATUM:  20. Januar 2006
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Xdream Sports & Events AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  BK Sportpromotion AG


DATUM:  10. Juni 2003
ALTES DOMIZIL:  BK Sport Promotion AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Xdream Sports & Events AG


DATUM:  5. Juni 2002
ALTES DOMIZIL:  BK Sport Promition GmbH
NEUES DOMIZIL:  BK Sport Promotion AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday

Alter girls golf team joins boys in quest for state title

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: BELLBROOK AND SUGARCREEK TWP; Pg. RE-8

LENGTH: 468 words


KETTERING - Going to the state Division II golf tournament is almost considered
part the regular season for the boys team at Alter High School.

They've made the trip to Columbus 17 times, with state champions in
1992-93-98-99.

Last year, they finished eighth at state. This season, they are hoping for a
higher place in the D-II gathering Friday and Saturday, Oct. 10-11, on the Ohio
State Scarlet course.

What is different this trip is that the Alter girls golf team will be competing
for first time in the first D-II girls tournament on the adjoining OSU Gray
course on the same days.

In the past, there has only been one division for girls. Alter, which had sent
Lynn Grunkemeyer and Kathleen Glavin to state as individuals, never qualified as
a team.

"It's a pretty exciting time around here," Alter Athletic Director Chris Hart
said. "The guys have that mindset it's a bad season if they don't get to state.

"We had no idea what to think about the girls because of the splitting into two
divisions. But I hope they develop the same attitude as the guys."

The Alter girls were second in the district with a 361 team score. Tippecanoe
won it at 353 while Graham was third at 364.

"I have no feel of where we fit into the mix at state," said girls coach Doug
Orange. "I don't think any D-II girls coach at state does. Scores vary so much
from course to course and the competition is different. Plus when you get to
state, the weather can be cold and rainy and kids aren't used to playing 18
holes on back-to-back days under pressure conditions."

Junior Grace Nikolai has been the Knights most consistent player, averaging 42.0
per nine holes. She shot at 86 in the district meet as did sophomore Kelsey
Auditore, who has taken 10 strokes off her game in the last year.

Seniors Julie Stoermer, Nikki Brown and Emily Kaylor complete the squad. Brown
shot a 93 at district, Kaylor a 94 and Stoermer at 98.

This is the third team Orange has taken a state tournament. In the spring, he is
the girls softball coach at Brookville, which made state two of the last three
years.

The picture is much clearer for the boys. Defending champion Hunting Valley
University School from suburban Cleveland, led by last year's medalist Mac
McLaughlin, is the team to beat.

Alter shot a 313 at Weatherwax in Middletown to win the district.
Chaminade-Julienne, last year's runner-up, was runner-up at 318, which gives the
Eagles a pass to state again.

Jim Metter, a senior, was the Greater Catholic League North Division player of
the year and medalist at sectional with a 74. He struggled a bit a district with
an 83. Sophomore Jon Neroni picked up him with a 74.

Senior John Muir came in at 77 and junior Andy Henehan at 79. Senior Pete
Gmeiner was the fifth man with a 95.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2251 or dlong@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grace Nickolai
Jim Metter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                       Hyland Software Switzerland GmbH;

                                Baarerstrasse 10
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417296333
TELEFAX: 0417296334
INTERNET: www.anydocsoftware.com
E-MAIL: anydocisupport@hyland.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406680605

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1991
RECHTSSTATUS: GmbH / Handelsregistereintrag: 17.08.1999
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 12


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  23. April 2013
 STANDORTE: USA, Deutschland, Grossbritannien

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Hyland Software, Inc.
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Tampa (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Daniel Izsak
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Hünenberg See
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

NAME:  Donald Timothy Pembridge
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Westlake (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  William Andrew Priemer
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Bay Village (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Christopher James Hyland
STELLUNG:  Vorsitzender
ORT:  Bay Village (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Joan C. Jackson
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Tampa
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Charles W. Jackson
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Tampa
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Kenneth M. Marinik
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Lutz
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Stephan G. Schibli
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Neuenhof
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 22.10.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Stacey Ann Schumacher
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Walchwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hasle LU, Oberkirch LU
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 16.04.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  Hyland Software, Inc.
ORT:  Tampa (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  100
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  AnyDoc Software Inc.
ORT:  Tampa
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.05.2009 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Microsystems Techology Inc.
ORT:  Tampa
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
20.12.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
47410 - Detailhandel mit Datenverarbeitungsgeräten, peripheren Geräten

   Verkauf von Lizenzen für Softwareprodukte, Ausbildung und Unterstützung von
Vertriebspartnern und Endkunden sowie Erbringen von Installations- und
Support-Dienstleistungen für solche Softwareprodukte; kann sich an anderen
Unternehmen beteiligen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 3.00
2015                   CHF 3.20
2014                   CHF 3.20
2013                   CHF 3.20
2012                   CHF 3.20

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Angaben über Grundeigentum sind nicht erhältlich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANZAHL:  01
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 100'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
GV DATUM:  8. Mai 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'360'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
GV DATUM:  20. Dezember 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'750'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'360'000.00


KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Juli 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'750'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. April 2013
ALTES DOMIZIL:  AnyDoc Software GmbH
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Hyland Software Switzerland GmbH

DATUM:  23. April 2003
ALTES DOMIZIL:  MICROSYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY GMBH
NEUES DOMIZIL:  AnyDoc Software GmbH

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 5, 2011 Saturday

GGCL trio slam dunk field in district finals

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 257 words


Chaminade Julienne coach Duane Williams calls the Girls Greater Cincinnati
League the toughest in the state. He won't get any arguments from Wyoming. Or
Kenton Ridge. Or even Indian Hill. The GGCL trio of Alter, Carroll and Chaminade
Julienne swept the Division II district finals at Mason High School as all three
teams cut down the nets. "We've played as tough a schedule as anyone in the
state," Williams said. "(The GGCL) is the best league in the state." CJ gets
Alter and Carroll plays Hilliard Bradley in a regional semifinal doubleheader on
Tuesday.

Grappling with success

Graham locked up its 11th straight D-II state championship - one day early at
that - and the Miami Valley had a handful of wrestlers still alive at the high
school state wrestling championships in Columbus.

Springboro's senior Cody Shivener and Centerville senior Kyle Rose are both
still alive in D-I.

The match of the day could come in D-III as best friends Jacob Danishek of
Dayton Christian and Cody Steiner of Waynesville battle for the 112-pound title.

Dixie's Ethan Hayes and Troy Christian's B.J. Toal also are still battling for
state hardware.

Oh, and for Graham? The Falcons advanced eight to the finals.

"Tomorrow, we tell the kids to go out and win as many individual titles as we
can. It is a relief right now (to have it clinched)," Graham coach Jeff Jordan
said.

Coldwater on a roll

The Cavaliers claimed the girls state bowling title in Columbus on Friday and
took top individual honors with senior Crystal Boyer.

Wayne junior Kayla Cummings finished second.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter girls basketball coach Kendal Peck cuts the net after his team
won their Division ll district final game 54-41 against Kenton Ridge on Friday
at Mason High School. Staff photo by Greg Lynch
Springboro's Cody Shivener (right) takes on Lakewood's Nick Ramsey at 135 pounds
during the quarterfinals of the state wrestling tournament Friday at the
Schottenstein Center in Columbus. Shivener will wrestle today in the Division I
championship finals. Staff photo by Gary Stelzer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 14, 2012 Thursday

Athlete of the Week: Alter High School

BYLINE: Nominate an Athlete of the Week: Send an email to freelance writer Dave
Lamb at d_lamb@msn.com Please include the athlete's name, school, sport and a
phone number or email address where we can reach that athlete. Please include
Athlete of the Week in the subject line.

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD10

LENGTH: 295 words


Nate Kinsella was setter and captain for the state champion Alter High School
volleyball team.


Name: Nate Kinsella School: Alter High School Grade: Senior Age: 18 Sports:
Setter for volleyball team and Vanguard Volleyball Club. (Columbus) Claim to
fame/honors: Captain of state high school champion Knights, four-year starter,
first-team All-Ohio, Greater Catholic League and West Region; school record for
assists in a season; led GCL in assists; heading to nationals in Texas in July;
will major in mechanical engineering at Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology. Bet
you didn't know ... I'm an Eagle Scout.

Words you live by: Treat others the way you want to be treated. Toughest
opponent: Cincinnati Moeller. Biggest influence: My coach Craig Erford. Game-day
rituals: Take a nap about three hours before match starts. What's on your
bedroom walls: 100 car magazine covers. When I'm bored I like to ... play
Frisbee golf. Favorite movie: Dumb & Dumber. Person who would play you in a
movie: Matt Damon. Favorite TV show: Top Gear (British version). Favorite
musical artist: Jack Johnson. Favorite book: Eragon. Favorite home-cooked meal:
Chicken pot pie. Favorite restaurant: DiSalvo Deli. I'd love to trade places for
a day with ... the President. Favorite school subject: Physics. Favorite
professional athlete: Joey Votto. Best thing about your sport: Amount of
teamwork it requires. Worst thing about your sport: Only a two-month season. In
10 years, I hope to be ... Working for Ferrari in Italy.

Nominate an Athlete of the Week: Send an email to freelance writer Dave Lamb at
d_lamb@msn.com Please include the athlete's name, school, sport and a phone
number or email address where we can reach that athlete. Please include Athlete
of the Week in the subject line.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                  DARTFISH SA;

                             route de la Fonderie 6
                                 Fribourg 1700
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  28. September 2000
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  rte. de la Fonderie 2 Fribourg
NEUES DOMIZIL:  rte de la Fonderie 6 Fribourg

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0264254850
TELEFAX: 0264254859
INTERNET: www.dartfish.com
E-MAIL: info@dartfish.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406704377

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1999
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 25.01.1999
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 30


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  30. Dezember 2016

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Jean-Marie Ayer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Rossens FR
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Sorens

NAME:  Alexander Philipp Osterwalder
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lonay
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gaiserwald


NAME:  Anton Affentranger
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Grossdietwil, Luzern


NAME:  Ronald Hayden Imbriale
ORT:  Jamestown USA
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.07.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Roland Jeannet
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  ValdeTravers
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.12.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Mike Maerz
ORT:  Portland USA
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.12.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Médecin Olivier Tavel
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Payerne/VD, Payerne VD
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.10.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Prof. Martin Fritz Vetterli
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Stäfa
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 22.07.2002 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Christian Waldvogel
ORT:  Coppet
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève, Hautrive FR
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.03.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr.jur. Anton Henninger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Murten
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gurmels


NAME:  Mary Susan Kish
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Boston USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Mark Kübler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Dubai UAE
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Victor Attila Bergonzoli
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Belfaux
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Noiraigue

NAME:  Jean Sébastien Richard Merieux
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Remaufens
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Danielle Morand
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Sion
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hérémence


NAME:  Emmanuel Reusens
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Belgien


NAME:  Serge Ayer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Farvagny
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Sorens


NAME:  Norré Bart
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Marly
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Belgien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
17.10.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  CAPITAL RISQUE FRIBOURG SA
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Fribourg
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. Juli 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'500'000.00

NAME:  Renaissance PME fondation suisse de placement
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Ecublens VD
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Stiftung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  29. August 1997


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Patrick Ayer
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Chêne-Bourg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Sorens

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Selon le RC

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
32990 - Herstellung von sonstigen Erzeugnissen a. n. g.
62010 - Programmierungstätigkeiten

   développer des produits et des services informatiques dans les domaines des
multi-média, photographie et vidéo digitales (digital imagery).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 9.30
2015                   CHF 9.90
2014                  CHF 10.00
2013                  CHF 10.00
2012                  CHF 10.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  CAPITAL RISQUE FRIBOURG SA
ORT:  Fribourg
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. Juli 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'500'000.00

NAME:  Renaissance PME fondation suisse de placement
ORT:  Ecublens VD
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Stiftung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  29. August 1997

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  KPMG SA
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. Mai 1992

NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Fribourg



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'536'355.00
LIBIERUNG:  8'353'855.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  808'582
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 10.00

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  450'535
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. November 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'390'166.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'536'355.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. Juli 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'231'075.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'390'166.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. Oktober 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'594'363.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'231'075.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  20. September 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'529'235.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'594'363.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  30. Oktober 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'901'403.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'529'235.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  20. Februar 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'771'403.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'901'403.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Juni 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'292'383.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'771'403.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Oktober 2003
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'072'383.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'292'383.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  1. Mai 2001
ALTES DOMIZIL:  INMOTION TECHNOLOGIES SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  DARTFISH SA

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               July 17, 2004 Saturday Five Star Late Lift Edition

Fleeing youths crash, killing young motorist

BYLINE: JEREMY KOHLER Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 05

LENGTH: 666 words


A stolen SUV.

Five unsupervised kids inside.

Police in pursuit.

An innocent in the way.

The elements of St. Louis' ever-unfolding tragedy came together once again in a
fierce collision on Kingshighway early Friday.

Killed was Gary "Chip" Alter, 24, a recent St. Louis University graduate, a
world traveler and a "handsome devil" with unlimited potential, in his mother's
words.

Alter was driving north on Kingshighway from a friend's home in the Hill
neighborhood. He took a left to go west on Interstate 44 and home to Manchester.

About 3:30 a.m., a Dodge Durango was 90 mph northbound in Kingshighway's
southbound lanes. It broadsided Alter.

"My son's life was taken much too soon," a broken Joan Alter said later.

The Durango belongs to Lurline Short, 47, of St. Louis. She manages the salad
bar at the Schnucks supermarket at Hampton and Gravois avenues. She parked
outside the market Thursday morning. The Durango was gone when she clocked out
at 4:30 p.m. Her mother had to drive her home.

The Durango was seen some 11 hours later in the 4900 block of Itaska Street.

A 43-year-old man said he was arriving home from work at Cardinal Glennon
Children's Hospital when he saw boys breaking into cars on his block. The
Durango was idling nearby.

The man called 9-1-1. Officers came in moments. The man said he followed the
pursuit on the officers' radios and heard a supervisor call off pursuit at
Southwest Avenue.

A few short blocks later, Alter started to make the turn onto I-44.

The boys, two 16-year-olds, two 13-year-olds and one 12-year-old, scattered
after the crash; officers quickly rounded them up. Four were being held later at
the St. Louis Family Court. The fifth was hospitalized with a concussion.

Some have been in trouble before. Three were wanted for probation and parole
violations.

St. Louis Police Chief Joe Mokwa said later -- as he has said after similar
tragedies involving young kids in stolen cars -- he would like to see stiffer
penalties for repeat offenders. He also said he'd like to see the driver, 16,
charged as an adult.

Mokwa said he was exasperated that child drivers with criminal records had
caused another death in St. Louis. Parents need to do better, he said.

The crash wasn't the fault of police, he said. The department's policy allows
pursuits when the suspect uses or threatens deadly force. Mokwa said later
Friday that his officers had followed policy and a supervisor was right to
cancel the pursuit.

"You can imagine the criticism if we hadn't," he said.

For now, Mokwa said the driver had been charged in juvenile court with
first-degree tampering with an auto. Prosecutors in St. Louis Family Court met
with several break-in victims to encourage them to follow through with charges.

"I'll press charges," said Diane Chappell, who owns one of at least four cars
burglarized on Itaska. "Especially if they're that young and they think they can
do whatever the hell they want at such a young age."

Alter was a 2002 St. Louis University graduate who majored in marketing and
management information systems with a minor in Spanish, his mother said.

He returned 2 1/2 weeks ago from living for six months in Madrid, Spain, where
he taught English to adults. He lived 10 miles from the train station bombed by
terrorists on March 11, she said. He had regularly come through the station on
his way to and from work. But, fortunately, he wasn't there at the time of the
bombing.

"I called him and he said he was in line at a bank cashing a travelers check,"
Joan Alter said. It was a huge relief, she said.

She said her son had also traveled to Turkey, Italy and China. He also enjoyed
citizenship in Ireland, her family's ancestral home, she said.

But he loved the city of St. Louis. Before heading to Spain, he had lived near
Tower Grove Park. In another week, he was planning to move in with friends on
the Hill, she said.

"He accomplished a lot in 24 short years," Joan Alter said. "He always made me
proud."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: LOCAL

GRAPHIC: graphic, map and photo; (1) Photo headshot - Gary Alter, Dead at 24 (2)
Post-Dispatch Graphic/map - Crash chronology

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2014 Dumrath & Fassnacht KG (GmbH & Co.)
                              All Rights Reserved

                                   DufaIndex

                                29. Januar 2014

                             Solar Invest USA GmbH

                               Alte Landstraße 23
                                Ottobrunn 85521
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
HR-NUMMER: HRB 209804

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSFORM: Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
FIRMENART: Handelsregister
VEROEFFENTL-ART:
Registerliche Zuordnung; Neueintragung

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

FIRMENLEITUNG:

     ·    Geschäftsführer berufen: Florian Genssler
     ·    Geschäftsführer berufen: Ralf Jehle


* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *
GESCHAEFTSART:

   Verwaltung eigenen Vermögens sowie Entwickeln von und Investition in
Solar-Projekte in den USA

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *
GERICHT: 80315 München

80315 München Solar Invest USA GmbH 85521 Ottobrunn Alte Landstraße 23 HRB
209804 Neueintragungen 27.01.2014 In ( ) gesetzte Angaben der Anschrift und des
Geschäftszweiges erfolgen ohne Gewähr. Neueintragungen 27.01.2014 Solar Invest
USA GmbH, Ottobrunn, Landkreis München, Alte Landstraße 23, 85521 Ottobrunn.
Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung. Gesellschaftsvertrag vom 21.01.2014.
Geschäftsanschrift: Alte Landstraße 23, 85521 Ottobrunn. Gegenstand des
Unternehmens: Verwaltung eigenen Vermögens sowie Entwickeln von und Investition
in Solar-Projekte in den USA. Stammkapital: 25.000,00 EUR. Ist nur ein
Geschäftsführer bestellt, so vertritt er die Gesellschaft allein. Sind mehrere
Geschäftsführer bestellt, so wird die Gesellschaft durch zwei Geschäftsführer
oder durch einen Geschäftsführer gemeinsam mit einem Prokuristen vertreten.
Geschäftsführer: Genssler, Florian, München, *16.08.1976; Dr. Jehle, Ralf,
München, *04.02.1972, jeweils einzelvertretungsberechtigt; mit der Befugnis, im
Namen der Gesellschaft mit sich im eigenen Namen oder als Vertreter eines
Dritten Rechtsgeschäfte abzuschließen.

UPDATE: 30. Januar 2014


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 7, 2007 Wednesday

Alter star sinks Carroll, 40-39;
VandenBosch free throw, defensive play lift Knights in regional semifinal.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 358 words


VANDALIA - After twelve second-half lead changes and a frenzied 5.6 seconds to
end it, Alter outlasted Carroll, 40-39, in an electrifying girls high school
basketball regional semifinal on Tuesday.

Alter's Louise Vanden-Bosch made the first of two free throws with 5.6 seconds
left. Then, after Carroll's Shante Jones rebounded the second shot, VandenBosch
hustled down court to partially block Jones' last-second attempt several feet
inside half court. The Patriots had one time out left but elected not to use it.

"I told the girls if they got the rebound to fly down the floor," Carroll coach
Rob Berry said. "(Shante) wanted the shot but she didn't get the one she
wanted."

Alter (22-2) and Columbus Eastmoor Academy (18-4) are scheduled to decide the
Division II regional championship at 7:30 p.m. Friday at Vandalia's Student
Activity Center. Eastmoor's boys team creates a conflict, though, as it is
scheduled to play its D-II district final at 9 p.m. Friday in Columbus, so the
schedule could be changed.

No matter when, Alter - which battled to a 2-1 record against Carroll this
season - is just glad to still be playing. In a game where the raucous student
sections were positioned in the upper decks on opposite sides of the arena,
either team could have won.

Carroll's final lead came at 38-37 with 3:05 left. The Patriots also tied it at
39-39 with 1:08 to go, both on scores by Jones (11 points). The Knights ran the
clock down to 5.6 seconds when VandenBosch (18 points) was fouled inside.

"It took a lot of pressure off, making the first free throw," said VandenBosch,
who then applied some of her own at the other end of the floor. "I knew it was
Shante and she's able to make that shot. I just knew I didn't want to foul her."

Eastmoor Academy 74, Cincinnati McNicholas 64:

Major Division-I prospect Ayana Dunning, a 6-foot-3 junior, had 27 points and
five blocks. Teammate Lashawna Thomas, a crafty guard heading to Wright State,
added 19 for the Warriors (18-4). Amy Stultz kept McNicholas (14-11) close with
15 of her team-high 25 points in the fourth.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991 or
gbilling@daytondailynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Louise VandenBosch is all concentration before hitting the
go-ahead free throw with 5.6 seconds to play Tuesday night against Carroll.
Contributed photo by Brian Bergeron

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                              April 2, 2012 Monday

Route 95 Publications wins Alter auction

BYLINE: by Kelsey Butler

LENGTH: 1157 words


An affiliate of Washington Jewish Week owner on Monday, April 2, defeated two
other bidders for the assets of bankrupt magazine publisher Alter Communications
Inc. At a Monday auction, Route 95 Publications LLC agreed to acquire the assets
of the publisher of the Baltimore Jewish Times for $1.26 million, according to
Chapter 11 trustee Zvi Guttman of Law Offices of Zvi Guttman PA.  Route 95,
which has the same owners as WJW Group LLP, the publisher of the Washington
Jewish Week, bested a $1.25 million offer from Baltimore Community Publishing
LLC, Guttman said.  Alter's main creditor, H.G. Roebuck & Son Inc., also
participated in the auction, with a high bid of about $900,000, according to
Guttman.

Baltimore Community Publishing had made a $440,000 offer for Alter just ahead of
a March 29 bid deadline, so bidding at Monday's auction began at $450,000,
Guttman said. Baltimore Community Publishing is a newly formed entity formed by
a group of Baltimore investors led by Scott Rifkin.  "We are very pleased with
the result," Guttman said, adding that a sale hearing is scheduled for Thursday.
Monday's auction was originally set to take place March 28, but Judge Nancy
Alquist of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland in Baltimore
on March 23 signed an order rescheduling the auction to resolve certain
objections to the sale timeline. (Under the original bid procedures, qualified
bids were due by March 27.)  In court papers filed March 22, shareholder Lauren
Buerger, who holds a 9.71% stake in the company, objected to the bid procedures,
requesting that the deadline be extended to March 29.   Buerger said in court
papers that she had also assembled an investor group interested in buying Alter,
but said she needed additional time to submit the deposit and written offer.
Roebuck on March 21 had also submitted an objection to the bidding procedures,
claiming that the trustee did not provide sufficient information about the
existing bids and asserting that there was not a reasonable amount of time to
conduct due diligence before potential purchasers had to submit offers.  It is
unclear in court papers why Buerger didn't ultimately participate in the
auction. Counsel to Buerger, David Musgrave of Ober, Kaler, Grimes & Shriver PC,
declined comment.  Meanwhile, Guttman on March 30 filed a motion requesting that
the case be converted to a Chapter 7. The trustee said in court papers that the
case should be converted immediately following the closing of a sale, as there
will be no business to operate once Alter's assets are sold. Guttman said
converting the case would keep the estate from having to incur certain
administrative costs under a Chapter 11.  Objections to the conversion must be
submitted by an April 9 deadline. A hearing on the matter had not been set as of
Monday.  Alquist on March 16 appointed Guttman as Chapter 11 trustee in the
case.  The debtor had on March 14 requested that a confirmation hearing for the
company be continued to March 16 so it could work out a deal with Roebuck.
Alquist allowed the continuance, but stopped short of approving a deal that
would sell the publishing company within the week, asserting that there was not
enough time for due diligence.  Under the deal proposed by Alter in court on
March 16, the debtor would have sold substantially all of its assets to WJW
Group by March 14 so the company could publish its Baltimore Jewish Times on
March 16.   In schedules with its filing, the debtor listed $1.02 million in
assets and $1.64 million in liabilities.  Alter and Roebuck had been in
negotiations from March 12 through March 16 to devise a plan that worked for
both sides.  Before a March 9 confirmation hearing, both Alter and the creditor
had each filed reorganization plans that included investments from outside
parties.   Under Alter's plan, filed Dec. 30, Rifkin would have led a group of
investors willing to put up $600,000 to fund a reorganization plan.  The
investor group would have retained 80% of the equity interests in the
reorganized company. The Buerger family, the debtor's current shareholders,
would have held the remaining 20%.  On Feb. 22, Roebuck submitted a plan of its
own that would have all of Alter's equity go to a Roebuck-affiliated shareholder
in exchange for an $800,000 investment from WJW Group.   The investor groups had
hoped to reach an arrangement that could be confirmed in court by March 16.
Alter and Roebuck filed their plans after failing to reach a joint resolution
once before.  Judge James Schneider of the Maryland court had ruled Sept. 28
that the parties must submit a joint plan by Oct. 21. Schneider then extended
the deadline twice, first to Nov. 25 and then to Dec. 31 at the request of Alter
.   Alter and Roebuck failed to come to a compromise over the fate of the
publishing company and each submitted plans.  Following an appeal by Roebuck,
Judge Richard D. Bennett of the Maryland court on June 3 reversed confirmation
of Alter's reorganization plan and ended the debtor's exclusive right to file a
plan, citing issues involving shareholders' purchase of stock under the plan as
well as an inability of rival plans to surface.  Schneider had confirmed the
debtor's plan on Dec. 16.  Under the confirmed plan, the company's shareholders
were allowed to purchase 85% of new shares for $34,850 as part of Alter's newly
assessed value, court papers said. A certified public accountant assessed the
value of the reorganized debtor at $41,000 at the confirmation hearing, which
would qualify the Buerger family to maintain control of the company for that
amount.  Court documents said Buerger, Alter's CEO, reached out to 15 potential
buyers and received no interest. The debtor also placed eight advertisements in
various print media outlets soliciting interest in the company between Dec. 1
and Dec. 15, according to court papers.   Bennett said in court papers that the
ads didn't offer sufficient information to qualify as a fair market assessment
of the equity.  Alter was founded in 1919, when David Alter began publishing the
Baltimore Jewish Times, a newspaper that reaches 50,000 readers on a weekly
basis. The debtor also publishes Style magazine seven times per year.  Alter had
a 10-year printing contract with Roebuck that carried rates that were
significantly higher than market value once the economic downturn began. The
debtor asked the printer to adjust the pricing on its agreement and defaulted on
the contract after the creditor declined.  The printer sued Alter in February
2009 in Maryland state court for defaulting on the contract. A judge in that
case granted the printer a $326,125 judgment against Alter, and the debtor filed
for bankruptcy on April 14, 2010, because it didn't have the money to pay the
judgment.  Rifkin and counsel to Roebuck, William Hallam of Rosenberg Martin
Greenberg LLP, could not be reached for comment.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-25 Million

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              April 2, 2012 Monday

Washington Jewish Week has highest bid: $1.26M offer just tops Rifkin group's to
buy Baltimore Jewish Times

BYLINE: Ben Mook

LENGTH: 405  words


The company that owns the Washington Jewish Week will acquire the Baltimore
Jewish Times following its high bid of $1.26 million in a bankruptcy asset
auction that concluded Monday. Zvi Guttman, the appointed trustee in the case,
confirmed that Route 95 Publications LLC, an entity created by the owners of
Rockville-based Washington Jewish Week, was the top bidder for the assets of
Alter Communications Inc., including the Baltimore Jewish Times. Baltimore
Community Publishing, an investment group headed by Dr. Scott Rifkin, came in a
close second with a final bid of $1.25 million.

A third potential buyer, H.G. Roebuck & Son, remained in the bidding until
around the $900,000 mark, Guttman said. The deal still needs court approval,
which is expected to come on Thursday. Alter filed for Chapter 11 reorganization
bankruptcy on April 14, 2010, after Roebuck, its former printer, sued Alter and
its CEO, Andrew Alter Buerger, for breach of contract in 2009 and won a $362,000
judgment. In addition to the Jewish Times, or JT Magazine, Alter also publishes
Style magazine, Chesapeake Life magazine and a portfolio of custom publications.
"My goal was to keep the publications alive, and we did that," Buerger said
Monday afternoon. "But obviously, we're sad that the ownership stops here, after
four generations. " The paper was founded in 1919 by David Alter. Andrew Buerger
took over the company when his father, Charles A. Buerger, died in 1996. Andrew
Buerger changed the company name from Jewish Times Inc. to Alter Communications.
The Jewish Times, Maryland's largest Jewish weekly publication, publishes on
Fridays, averages more than 120 pages and has a paid circulation of nearly
50,000, according to its website. In an interview with the Baltimore Jewish
Times, Louis Mayberg, co-owner of Route 95 Publications, said it was the group's
intention to "continue to have Baltimore-based reporters dealing with Baltimore
issues and have staff to support its sales and Baltimore issues. " With his
contract voided, Buerger said he was not sure what role, if any, he would have
as an employee of the Baltimore Jewish Times under the new owners. At present,
Buerger writes a column and a blog for the paper. He said that after two years
of legal wrangling, he is glad to have the litigation behind him and the paper's
future secured. "I'm tired," he said. "It's been a long battle. I think it might
be time for a long vacation. "

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          December 28, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Casino settlement is top story

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 1402 words


1. Isle of Capri pays county more than $14 million

Jefferson County hit the jackpot this month, winning a $14.35 million payout
from Isle of Capri Casinos Inc. to settle a breach of contract suit over the
company's decision to scrap its plans for a gambling and entertainment complex
near Kimmswick.

County officials say the money will allow the county to start work on
much-needed capital improvement projects, possibly including a new juvenile
detention center, expansion of the County Jail and renovation of the county's
aging courthouse in Hillsboro.

The county filed suit against Isle of Capri in December 2002 over the company's
decision in 2001 to scrap plans for a casino, hotel and entertainment complex
north of the historic river town. Isle of Capri, based in Biloxi, Miss., had
planned a $105 million development on 46.5 acres along the Mississippi River but
withdrew from the project in September 2001 amid local opposition and regulatory
problems.

2. Alter wins bizarre Senate race

Bill Alter won a high-profile, four-way special election in April to succeed
Steve Stoll in the state Senate.

Stoll resigned the 22nd District Senate seat in January to become city
administrator of Festus. The county's political committees split over who their
nominees in the special election would be. Alter, of High Ridge, was nominated
by the Republicans, and state Rep. Rick Johnson, D-High Ridge, won the nod for
the Democratic ticket. Unhappy with the choices of their parties, state Rep.
Harold Selby, D-Cedar Hill, and former sportscaster Christopher "Zip" Rzeppa
both entered the race as independent candidates. Alter won with 6,880 votes to
6,808 for Johnson.

Alter and Johnson appeared to be heading for a rematch in next year's regular
election when Johnson, in November, announced that he was withdrawing from the
race. Johnson said he planned to endorse fellow Democrat and former state Rep.
Ryan McKenna, whom Johnson had edged out for the Democratic Central Committee's
nomination in the special election.

3. Pevely woman vanishes days before her due date

Police still don't know what happened to Amanda Jones, a pregnant woman from
Pevely who went missing Aug. 14, days before she was due to deliver her second
child.

Jones, 26, the divorced mother of a 4-year-old daughter, was a loan
administrator at Eagle Bank in Festus. She had gone to Hillsboro to meet with
Bryan Lee Westfall, the man her family says was the father of her unborn child.

Police found her unlocked car on the horse show grounds of the Hillsboro Civic
Center on Highway 21 but could find no evidence of a crime.

Police have described Westfall as a "person of interest" but say they have
neither identified nor eliminated anyone as a suspect.

4. Arnold gets new library, recreation center and college

It was a good year for community development projects in Arnold.

Construction of the new Arnold campus of Jefferson College began with a
groundbreaking in November near Highway 141 and Astra Way. The new campus is
scheduled to open in the fall of 2007 and will replace a much smaller Arnold
campus building operating for several years at 4500 Jeffco Boulevard.

The 5.5-acre development site is part of a 24-acre tract of land where the
Arnold Recreation Complex and the new Arnold branch of the Jefferson County
Library also are situated.

The $3.5-million library building opened in April, followed in August by the
long-awaited opening of the $16-million Arnold Recreation Center. The two
buildings are connected through an enclosed colonnade.

5. State opens another stretch of Highway 21

Jefferson County's infamous roadway took a turn for the better in December with
the dedication of an improved section of Highway 21.

Hillsboro Mayor Frank Roland, whose wife, Evelyn, was killed in an accident on
Highway 21 north of Hillsboro in 1997, helped cut the ribbon Dec. 19 on the new
2.33-mile, four-lane divided expressway between Highways A and B west of
Hillsboro. Construction on the $29.8-million improvement project started in the
summer of 2003 and was completed 10 months ahead of schedule.

A 4.5-mile gap of two-lane highway still separates the improved sections between
Lake Lorraine Road and Highway A. The Missouri Department of Transportation
plans to begin work on a $14-million project to improve the section between
Hayden Road and Highway A starting next spring.

6. County loses Eleanor Rehm

Longtime Jefferson County Clerk Eleanor Koch Rehm died on May 25 at age 74 after
having served more than 38 years in elected office.

Known as "Norie" to her friends and staff, Rehm had been hospitalized after
falling at her home in De Soto and died after undergoing surgery for abdominal
pain.

A lifelong Democrat, Rehm was hired as an assistant to County Clerk Wallace
Coleman in 1951 and won her first full term as county clerk in 1966. She saw
Jefferson County through not one but two major changes in voting procedure. In
1978, she introduced punch-card ballots, doing away with the old paper ballots.
In 2005, she ushered out punch cards in favor of new, optical-scan voting
machines.

Gov. Matt Blunt appointed Janet McMillian, 42, of Imperial, an active volunteer
in his Republican gubernatorial campaign, to fulfill the remainder of Rehm's
term through 2006.

7. Arnold turns on cameras at intersections

In October, the city of Arnold installed cameras at two busy intersections --
Jeffco Boulevard and Highway 141, and Richardson and Vogel roads -- and atop a
traffic light near Rockport Heights Elementary School to catch motorists running
red lights. Cameras also are expected to be installed at Highway 141 and Astra
Way, near the entrance to the city's new library and recreation center.

The devices photograph the license plates of cars speeding through red lights,
and car owners get tickets sent to them in the mail.

8. The police blues in Festus, Arnold

The city of Festus in December settled a suit filed by fired police Officer Sean
Cooper, who claimed he lost his job because he exposed a cover-up of a
late-night traffic accident involving a municipal judge. The terms of the
settlement were not made public.

Cooper, 37, said he was fired last year after he complained to members of the
City Council that the city's municipal judge received special treatment after a
car collision on Truman Boulevard, near the boundary of Festus and Crystal City.
The accident, on March 26, 2004, involved Michael Lowry, the municipal judge at
the time, who has since left office. No one was injured, and police made no
official report of the incident.

Festus wasn't the only department to have problems this year.

Arnold Police Chief Robert Shockey in August fired two dispatchers and
disciplined several other police employees for failing to follow departmental
procedures after Kurt Hartzell, 29, of St. Louis, committed suicide by hanging
himself in a holding cell in the city jail. Investigators said Hartzell, who was
being held on a warrant for unpaid traffic tickets, had complained to police
about his mental state and had unsuccessfully requested medical attention.

9. Adult store opens in Crystal City but not without a fight

The Pure Pleasure Megacenter adult book and video store in Crystal City opened
in March after winning a long-sought business license to sell sexually themed
books and videos.

Although community protesters tried to prevent the store from opening, and the
developer and city battled in circuit court, city officials eventually concluded
that they could not stop the business.

Six days after the store opened, the Crystal City Council enacted an ordinance
regulating sexually oriented businesses.

10. Highway 30 sniper wasn't a sniper after all

Jefferson County sheriff's deputies and Byrnes Mill police found themselves
pinned down for two hours on May 15 by what appeared to be a sniper taking shots
at drivers and deputies from a bluff overlooking Highway 30 in northwest
Jefferson County.

The "sniper" turned out to be Donald Christie, 19, of House Springs, who was
shooting into the air and at trees during an unsupervised party at his parents'
house. No one was injured in the incident, but it prompted fears among motorists
and nearby residents, who worried that a gunman might be on the loose.

Christie was arrested the next night on an unrelated traffic warrant and was
later charged with unlawful use of a weapon.

Sheriff Oliver "Glenn" Boyer described the incident as "a drunken teenage party
that got out of hand."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Looking back at 2005

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Myra Hill, a reference librarian, scans a book into the computer system
at the new Arnold Branch of the Jefferson County Library last spring. The
15,000-square-foot facility opened in April. Dawn Majors Post-Dispatch     PHOTO
- Alter Republican won  Senate seat     PHOTO - Mark Rodell, an employee with
Gerstner Electric Inc., adds a traffic sensor in October to the intersection of
Highway 141 and Jeffco Boulevard. The sensor triggers a camera to photograph
drivers running red lights. Dawn Majors Post-Dispatch     PHOTO - Jones Has been
missing since August     PHOTO - Rehm Longtime county clerk died in May

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 27, 1996 Friday SFCITY EDITION

JACOB R. ALTER

BYLINE: Andy Wallace, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 436 words


Jacob R. "Jack" Alter, 90, of Wyncote, who with $30 began a credit union that
led to the founding of Advanta, the multibillion-dollar financial corporation,
died Wednesday of heart failure at Abington Memorial Hospital.

Mr. Alter was teaching English, math and electric shop at Audenried Junior High
School in 1934 when he started the Philadelphia Teachers Credit Union to make
low-cost loans to teachers. For 15 years, he was the credit union's treasurer.

In 1949, he left the classroom and, two years later, founded Teachers Service
Organization (TSO), a for-profit corporation.

But he was still doing what he had done at the old, nonprofit credit union,
getting teachers to invest their savings in "thrift certificates" and lending
them money when needed. He operated on a thin margin, paying 4 1/2 percent
interest on deposits and charging 6 percent interst on loans.

Mr. Alter made TSO more attractive to teachers by offering to skip loan payments
in the summer months when schools were not in session and to make strike loans
when walkouts interrupted salaries.

In the early years, his office was a vacant room in his home in East Oak Lane,
where he lived until moving to Wyncote about 30 years ago. He did everything by
hand, posting accounts on ledger cards at night and having his children help out
by stuffing envelopes.

As the business grew, he moved it to a converted tool shed behind SEPTA's Fern
Rock station. Later, after Mr. Alter's son, Dennis, became chief executive, the
company moved to Willow Grove and then to Horsham.

When Mr. Alter retired in 1972 at age 65, TSO was doing business with teachers
and nurses in 25 states. It had 25 employees and assets of $25 million. That
year, it earned $26,000.

"He took his business seriously, never himself," said Allyn Jacobson, vice
president of Advanta, recalling Mr. Alter as a man with an "elfish" smile and
ready humor.

Said Dennis Alter: "Whatever successes we at Advanta have enjoyed have their
roots and heritage in the efforts of my dad."

Advanta now owns a bank, controls more than $18 billion in assets, has 3,000
employees, and is the country's ninth-largest issuer of credit cards. Its
earnings in 1996 were $136 million.

Mr. Alter was a graduate of Northeast High School and the Philadelphia Normal
School.

In addition to his son, he is survived by his wife, Helen Berman Alter; a
daughter, Linda L.; two sisters; a brother; and four grandchildren.

A service will be held at 10 a.m. today at Joseph Levine and Son, 7112 N. Broad
St. Burial will be in Roosevelt Memorial Park, Trevose.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OBITUARIES

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO (1)
1. Jacob R. "Jack" Alter

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             April 12, 2009 Sunday
                               N-j Final Edition

Nearly two decades later, woman wins second title

BYLINE: STEVE MASTER - CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 551  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


DAYTONA BEACH -- Jessica Langford has long cherished the memory of her Easter
Beach Run victory 18 years ago.

She was a 19-year-old freshman on Spring Break from the University of Minnesota,
and entered the 1991 event after spotting a race flier while dining with her
parents and best friend. "For 18 years I've talked about what a fun race that
was," Langford said.

Apparently little has changed -- about the race's appeal or Langford's ability
to dominate it.

Now 37 and the mother of four kids between the ages of 5 and 9, Langford made a
triumphant -- and long-awaited -- return, claiming a convincing victory Saturday
in the 42nd annual EBR.

Langford, from Rockford, Ill., shared top billing with men's champion Chris
Batista, a 27-year-old Flagler Palm Coast product who claimed his third
consecutive EBR win.

Batista prevailed despite a strong challenge from his former FPC teammate,
Jonathan Alter, and some unexpected pre-race adversity.

About five minutes before race time, Batista -- who works for EBR's timing
company, Alta Vista Sports -- bumped his head on a Main Street Pier support
beam. The blow knocked him to the ground and left a large bump atop his head.

It was still aching after the race. "Not a good start to the race," Batista
said. "It just came out of nowhere. But maybe it was good for me, because
sometimes you get worked up before a race. It worked out OK, I guess."

Batista completed the 4-mile, out-and-back course in 23 minutes, 36 seconds --
the slowest of his three EBR triumphs. He ran neck- and-next with Alter before
taking the lead for good at about the 3- mile mark.

Alter, the runner-up, finished 17 seconds back of Batista.

I was just happy to win because I was tired today," said Batista, who arrived
early at the race site to help set up the timing mechanism. "Jonathan's a good
runner, so I just decided to stick with him and wait for the right time to kick
it in.

That's been my philosophy for all three of my (EBR) wins."

The victory puts Batista in some prestigious company. Only four men have won the
EBR three times -- Steve Foster, the only four- time winner, Frank Shorter,
David Reid and Doug Butler.

Langford, meanwhile, made some history of her own, likely establishing the
longest time span between victories -- 18 years.

At 37, the former college cross country runner and coach is also believed to be
the oldest women's champ. And though she lamented that her time of 24:26 was
slightly slower than her 1991 winning time of 23:19, it was good enough for a
remarkable finish of sixth overall.

She finished only 50 seconds behind Batista and well in front of the female
runner-up, 18-year-old Sarah Wigmore (26.02) of England. The toughest part,
Langford said, was adjusting to the heat.

(In Rockford) we haven't seen 60 since October," said Langford, who planned the
race around a Spring Break trip to Orlando to visit her brother. "It was a tough
race for me -- quite a bit slower than I wanted to be.

There was a headwind every once in a while, but it wasn't bad. It wasn't
snowing."

Oliver Kraemer, 39, of Germany, finished third overall, followed by 48-year-old
Paul Holyko of Port Orange and 38-year-old Kayle Fisher of Holly Hill. The
third-place women's finisher was Kathy Rink, 42, of Davidson, N.C.

Two-time defending women's champ Mallory Dunn did not enter.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photos 1-2: LEFT:In 1991, 19-year-old Jessica Langford won the
Easter Beach Run by 23 seconds with a time of 23:19. RIGHT: Eighteen years
later, Langford, now 37 and a mother of four, won the race again in Daytona
Beach. Her time was slower (24:26) but her margin of victory (96 seconds) was
bigger. News-Journal file photo/ PAM LOCKEBY News-Journal photo/ NIGEL COOKPhoto
3: Chris Batista won the men's race for the third time in a row, becoming just
the fifth man to win three or more EBRs. Steve Foster won four. News- Journal
photo/ NIGEL COOKPhoto 4: Chris Batista, Saturday's overall male 4-mile run
winner, is now one of only four men who have won the EBR three times.
News-Journal/ NIGEL COOK

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2009 News-Journal Corporation


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

Alter star to play hoops at Mount St. Mary's U.;
Ashley Christie helped the Knights reach the state final four three times.

BYLINE: By Dave Lamb Contributing Writer

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD6

LENGTH: 527 words


Her college basketball team may have it backwards with its team motto, but Alter
senior Ashley Christie should fit right in at Mount St. Mary's University.

The Division I school, located in Emmitsburg, Md., says of its close-knit
basketball program: "Started as teammates, became friends, now family."

Based on her experience at Alter, the Miamisburg resident started with family.

"Winning the state championship with my sisters was definitely the highlight of
my career," said Ashley, who played with older sister Nicole and younger sister
Courtney in the title season her sophomore year.

Ashley scored a game-high 20 points in the championship win over Hathaway Brown.

While it was difficult to surpass that milestone achievement, Christie's career
is filled with other highlights.

The 5-foot-8 guard helped the Knights reach the Division II Final Four each of
the past three seasons. Only a one-point loss to Columbus Eastmoor in the
regional final her freshman season prevented four straight appearances in
Columbus.

After falling in the state semifinals last year, the Knights returned to the
championship game this year. Alter fell to its old nemesis, Hathaway Brown,
48-35.

The Christie sisters led the way in a 57-46 semifinal win over Miami Trace with
Courtney scoring 13 and Ashley adding 12.

Plenty of trophies

The Alter girls are a big reason why the school's athletic program has earned 20
state titles or runner-up trophies in the past 10 years.

This year's state runner-up finish was more improbable than the previous trip to
the championship game.

Ashley Christie and Ali Migrants were the team's only seniors, and talented 6-1
sophomore Megan Courtney was lost to a knee injury. The Knights still compiled a
24-3 record.

Christie led the way by pacing a balanced attack with 11 points per game. She
earned second-team All-Ohio honors.

"I've enjoyed my four years at Alter," she said. "I was fortunate to be there."

She's headed to another young team next year at Mount St. Mary's. Seven of the
team's 11 players this year were freshmen or sophomores.

While the young team struggled to a 10-18 record, Christie saw a close-knit
bunch when she visited earlier this year.

"The freshmen and sophomores lived on the same floor in the same dorm," she
said. "They're with each other all the time."

More hoops ahead

Christie will see a few familiar faces from rival Chaminade Julienne next season
in Northeast Conference competition. Shene Fleming plays at St. Francis and
Rachel Chandler is at Central Connecticut.

Christie will continue working out over the summer, but she'll have her first
summer off from formal competition in a decade.

"I started playing AAU when I was 8," she said. "It'll be good to have that
little break."

Younger sister Courtney, who has one year left at Alter, will play AAU ball this
summer for Cincinnati's Finest.

Dan and Margie Christie's youngest, Kevin, will follow a different path to high
school. He'll be a freshman next year at Fen-wick, where former University of
Dayton coach Don Donoher helps out as a volunteer assistant. Donoher coached
Kevin's dad with the Flyers.

Contact this writer with story ideas at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ashley Christie (14) of Alter High School is guarded by Mileah Walker
(24) of Chaminade Julienne High School during the Division II regional
championship basketball game at Springfield High School on March 12. Alter won
the game 36-34. Christie will play basketball at Division I Mount St. Mary's
University. Staff photo by Barbara J. Perenic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

Alter star to play hoops at Mount St. Mary's U.;
Ashley Christie helped the Knights reach the state final four three times.

BYLINE: By Dave Lamb Contributing Writer

SECTION: MIAMISBURG WEST CARROLLTON MORAINE WAYNESVILLE AND LEBANON; Pg. RG4

LENGTH: 527 words


Her college basketball team may have it backwards with its team motto, but Alter
senior Ashley Christie should fit right in at Mount St. Mary's University.

The Division I school, located in Emmitsburg, Md., says of its close-knit
basketball program: "Started as teammates, became friends, now family."

Based on her experience at Alter, the Miamisburg resident started with family.

"Winning the state championship with my sisters was definitely the highlight of
my career," said Ashley, who played with older sister Nicole and younger sister
Courtney in the title season her sophomore year.

Ashley scored a game-high 20 points in the championship win over Hathaway Brown.

While it was difficult to surpass that milestone achievement, Christie's career
is filled with other highlights.

The 5-foot-8 guard helped the Knights reach the Division II Final Four each of
the past three seasons. Only a one-point loss to Columbus Eastmoor in the
regional final her freshman season prevented four straight appearances in
Columbus.

After falling in the state semifinals last year, the Knights returned to the
championship game this year. Alter fell to its old nemesis, Hathaway Brown,
48-35.

The Christie sisters led the way in a 57-46 semifinal win over Miami Trace with
Courtney scoring 13 and Ashley adding 12.

Plenty of trophies

The Alter girls are a big reason why the school's athletic program has earned 20
state titles or runner-up trophies in the past 10 years.

This year's state runner-up finish was more improbable than the previous trip to
the championship game.

Ashley Christie and Ali Migrants were the team's only seniors, and talented 6-1
sophomore Megan Courtney was lost to a knee injury. The Knights still compiled a
24-3 record.

Christie led the way by pacing a balanced attack with 11 points per game. She
earned second-team All-Ohio honors.

"I've enjoyed my four years at Alter," she said. "I was fortunate to be there."

She's headed to another young team next year at Mount St. Mary's. Seven of the
team's 11 players this year were freshmen or sophomores.

While the young team struggled to a 10-18 record, Christie saw a close-knit
bunch when she visited earlier this year.

"The freshmen and sophomores lived on the same floor in the same dorm," she
said. "They're with each other all the time."

More hoops ahead

Christie will see a few familiar faces from rival Chaminade Julienne next season
in Northeast Conference competition. Shene Fleming plays at St. Francis and
Rachel Chandler is at Central Connecticut.

Christie will continue working out over the summer, but she'll have her first
summer off from formal competition in a decade.

"I started playing AAU when I was 8," she said. "It'll be good to have that
little break."

Younger sister Courtney, who has one year left at Alter, will play AAU ball this
summer for Cincinnati's Finest.

Dan and Margie Christie's youngest, Kevin, will follow a different path to high
school. He'll be a freshman next year at Fen-wick, where former University of
Dayton coach Don Donoher helps out as a volunteer assistant. Donoher coached
Kevin's dad with the Flyers.

Contact this writer with story ideas at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ashley Christie (14) of Alter High School is guarded by Mileah Walker
(24) of Chaminade Julienne High School during the Division II regional
championship basketball game at Springfield High School on March 12. Alter won
the game 36-34. Christie will play basketball at Division I Mount St. Mary's
University. Staff photo by Barbara J. Perenic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                               SPOTME Holding SA;

                            boulevard de Grancy 19A
                                 Lausanne 1006
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  13. Februar 2013
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne

DATUM:  11. Juni 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Ecublens VD
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0215101170
TELEFAX: 0215101171
INTERNET: www.shockfish.com
E-MAIL: shockfish@shockfish.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406652060

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 12.10.1998
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 15


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  24. Januar 2017
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
FIRMENNAME:  Shockfish Communication Sàrl
FIRMENORT:  Ecublens/VD
AKTIVA:  CHF 0.00
PASSIVA:  CHF 0.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 0.00
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Transfert de patrimoine: selon contrat du 13
avril 2016, la société a transféré des actifs pour CHF 1'782'436.33 et des
passifs envers les tiers pour CHF 1'157'982.65, à SPOTME SA
 AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Spotme Inc.,

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  lic.oec. HSG Heinz Winzeler
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Thayngen, Barzheim SH
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.01.2001

NAME:  Karl Nicklaus
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Weinfelden
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.01.2001


NAME:  Thomas Reimann
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wald ZH
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.01.2001


NAME:  Directeur James Pulcrano
ORT:  Buchillon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Thônex
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.02.2002 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Bendicht Bänz Ledin
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Ecublens (VD)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schüpfen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.02.2002, précédemment membre



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Pierre Métrailler
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Sion
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Nax, MontNoble

NAME:  Bendicht Bänz Ledin
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Ecublens (VD)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schüpfen


NAME:  Christian Saucedo
STELLUNG:  Generaldirektor
ORT:  San Francisco (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Roger Meier
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Küssnacht am Rigi
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.02.2005


GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  David William Hayward
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Versoix
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.02.2002 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.05.2003 ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.

NAME:  Lawrence Picard
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Coppet
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zurich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.05.2003 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.02.2005 ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  Kai Oliver Arras
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
16.01.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. Er/Sie war nicht zeichnungsberechtigt.

NAME:  Rémy Blank
ORT:  Ecublens VD
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bâle
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. et gérant. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 16.01.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Roland Siegwart
ORT:  Schwyz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Altdorf UR, Oberkirch LU
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
16.01.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. Er/Sie war nicht zeichnungsberechtigt.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


L'entreprise s'occupe principalement de développement, création, vente et
installation d'un système (hard et software) pour le management de
participants ou networking aux événements.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
26300 - Herstellung von Geräten und Einrichtungen der Telekommunikation
N - ERBRINGUNG VON SONSTIGEN WIRTSCHAFTLICHEN DIENSTLEISTUNGEN

   la société a pour buts; la prise, la détention et la gestion de
participations sous toutes ses formes dans toutes entreprises commerciales,
industrielles, financières et immobilières en Suisse et à l'étranger, à
l'exception de toute opération soumise à la Loi fédérale sur l'acquisition
d'immeubles par des personnes à l'étranger (LFAIE); la recherche, le
développement, la consultation et le transfert de technologie en microtechnique,
notamment dans le domaine de la communication numérique ainsi que la production
et le commerce de produits en rapport avec ces activités (pour but complet cf.
statuts).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 3.60
2015                   CHF 3.80
2014                   CHF 3.80
2013                   CHF 3.80
2012                   CHF 3.80

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung. Umsatzzahlen werden
nicht veröffentlicht.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Spotme Inc.
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Chicago

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  BDO SA
ORT:  Epalinges
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. April 1983

NAME:  Andreas Bodenmann
ORT:  Schwyz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lax VS


NAME:  Intermandat SA Société Fiduciaire
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  13. November 1970
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum am Domizil
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 426'680.00
LIBIERUNG:  426'680.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  42'668
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 10.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. November 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 376'680.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 426'680.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 364'130.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 376'680.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. Dezember 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 183'500.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 364'130.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Januar 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 181'010.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 183'500.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Februar 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 179'790.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 181'010.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. März 2003
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 178'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 179'790.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  8. September 2016
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Shockfish SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  SPOTME Holding SA

DATUM:  16. Januar 2001
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Shockfish Communications Sàrl
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Shockfish SA

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                Bluehill ID AG;

                              Dreikönigstrasse 45
                                  Zürich 8002
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  10. November 2014
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Wallisellen
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich

DATUM:  7. Juli 2010
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  St. Gallen
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Wallisellen


DATUM:  11. Juni 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  St.Gallen
NEUES DOMIZIL:  St. Gallen

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 408730320

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 30.03.2007
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  10. November 2014
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Die Gesellschaft übernimmt 400'000 NA zu CHF
1.- der Multicard AG, in Wallisellen, und weitere Geschäftsanteile von
verschiedenen Firmen.Qualifizierte Tatbestände neu:

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Werner Vogt
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Remetschwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Allschwil

NAME:  Manfred Müller
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Landshut (DE)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Dr. Cornelius Boersch
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St.Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Felix Marx
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Graz-Andritz (AT)
LAND:  Oesterreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Oesterreich


NAME:  David Wear
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Teddington (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Ayman Said Ashour
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Feusisberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Ayman Said Ashour
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Feusisberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Melvin Charles Denton-Thompson
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Feucherolles (F)
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Daniel Sebastian Charlo Wenzel
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Melvin Charles Denton-Thompson
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Feucherolles (F)
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Früher: Holdinggesellschaft.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  inaktiv
ENTWICKLUNG:  inaktiv
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften

   Halten und Verwalten von Beteiligungen, Förderung, Unterstützung und
Finanzierung von Privaten und Unternehmungen im Technologiesektor und
Finanzierung von verbundenen Unternehmen; sie kann ebenfalls Lizenzen halten,
verwerten und veräussern sowie immaterielle Projekte entwickeln und Handel mit
Waren aller Art betreiben. Die Gesellschaft kann Zweigniederlassungen im In- und
Ausland errichten sowie Immobilien im In- und Ausland erwerben.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 2.80
2015                   CHF 2.80

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Dezember 1998

NAME:  Deloitte AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. Januar 1984
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Zürich



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Die Angaben über Grundeigentum beschränken sich auf
das Domizil.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 32'023'797.00
LIBIERUNG:  32'023'797.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Inhaberaktien
ANZAHL:  32'023'797
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. September 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 27'765'797.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 32'023'797.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. Februar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 26'712'297.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 27'765'797.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. Februar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Nachlib.
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 26'712'297.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 27'765'797.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 25'265'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 26'712'297.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Nachlib.
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 25'265'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 26'712'297.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  2. September 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 23'600'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 25'265'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. August 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 19'200'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 23'600'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. Juli 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 17'650'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 19'200'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. März 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'550'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 17'650'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  7. August 2007
ALTES DOMIZIL:  ATON Identification Technology
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bluehill ID AG

DATUM:  26. Juni 2007
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Mountain Identification T...
NEUES DOMIZIL:  ATON Identification Techn. AG


DATUM:  7. Juni 2007
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Mountain Identification Techno
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Mountain Ident. Technology AG
BEMERKUNG ZU NAMENS/DOMIZIL WECHSEL:  vollständige alte Firmierung: Mountain
Identification Technology AG; Vollständige alte Firmierung (07.08.2007): ATON
Identification Technology AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              May 23, 2010 Sunday

Keeping a 'Promise'

BYLINE: SUSAN L. RIFE

SECTION: E; ARTICLE; Pg. E06

LENGTH: 552 words


Most surprising to journalist Jonathan Alter about President Obama's first year
in office was not the president's inability to shake up the entrenched political
bureaucracy.

Instead, it was Obama's failure "to connect to the American middle class and
convince them that he's really looking out for them. A lot of the power of the
presidency is the power to persuade. If you can't persuade, you've got a
problem," said Alter. "What was most surprising to me was we expected him to ace
communications and struggle in executive leadership, making the tough decisions.
Instead, what happened is he scored very well in doing things and inhabiting the
role of the president, and he struggled when it came to persuading the public to
come along."

Alter, the author of "The Promise: President Obama, Year One" (Simon & Schuster,
$28), will discuss the book and Obama's presidency at a Forum Truth lecture at
7:30 p.m. May 25 at Holley Hall in Sarasota.

For nearly 20 years, Alter has written a column on politics, media and social
and global issues for Newsweek magazine. His 2006 book, "The Defining Moment:
FDR's Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope," was a national bestseller. He has
covered seven presidential elections for Newsweek and is a correspondent for NBC
News and MSNBC.

Still, writing a book about the first year -- actually, he begins with the
transition period between the election and inauguration and continues through
the passage of the health care reform bill -- put "very intense deadline
pressure" on Alter.

"I was very intent on writing the first book on Obama's presidency," he said in
a telephone interview from New York.

"The Promise" combines the immediacy of daily journalism -- the reporting of
what happened on a day-by-day basis -- with perspective, analysis and history.
What that meant as Alter was doing his reporting was that his sources, who
included major players throughout the administration, from the president himself
through his staff, wouldn't necessarily want to tell Alter what had happened
that day.

"I realized fairly quickly that if I tried to report on events that happened
that day or that week, I would not be able to get the real story. I'd have to
circle back two weeks or a month later and then I could find out what happened,"
he said.

The book is absolutely jammed with names, dates, facts and figures as Alter
answers three questions: What happened, what is the president like and how well
did he do in the crucial first year.

Alter's conclusion is that despite the rocky year, made worse by partisan
fighting, Obama will ultimately stand alongside Franklin Delano Roosevelt and
Lyndon B. Johnson for his domestic achievements.

"I think if he'd lost health care, he would have been done domestically," said
Alter, who notes in the book that Obama went against the advice of everyone on
his staff in his pursuit of health care reform in the first year of his
presidency. "But having won on health care, he has plenty of chances to recover
on other issues."

FAX BOX

Interested?

Jonathan Alter will speak at a Forum Truth lecture at 7:30 p.m. May 25 at Holley
Hall, 709 N. Tamiami Trail, Sarasota, followed by a Q&A session and book
signing. Tickets are $25 for members and include a copy of "The Promise," $40
for member couples; $30 and $45 for nonmembers. www.forumtruth.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jonathan AlterNEWSWEEK / DAMIEN DONCK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                            Addex Therapeutics Ltd;

                               chemin des Aulx 12
                              Plan-les-Ouates 1228
                              Schweiz/Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0228841555
TELEFAX: 0228841556
INTERNET: www.addextherapeutics.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 408723081

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 23.03.2007
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  23. September 2016

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Timothy Dyer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Begnins
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Raymond Hill
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Vincent Lawton
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Francesco De Rubertis
ORT:  Collonge-Bellerive
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.10.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alexandra Goll
ORT:  Munich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.10.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Déborah Harland
ORT:  Redbourn
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.05.2009 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Werner Henrich
ORT:  Binningen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.05.2009 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Jacques Theurillat
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Les Breleux, SaintBrais, Breuleu
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.05.2009 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Bharat Chowrira
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Andrew Galazka
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Veyrier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.03.2007


NAME:  Hoyoung Huh
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  San Carlo
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dr.Ing.ETH Beat E. Lüthi
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lauperswil BE
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.04.2007


NAME:  Oleg Nodelman
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  San Francisco
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Antoine Benjamin Papiernik
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Sceux
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.03.2007


NAME:  André Mueller
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Therwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.03.2007


NAME:  Vincent Muttel
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Coppet
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.03.2007



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Sonia Maria Poli
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Onex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien

NAME:  Vincent Muttel
STELLUNG:  Generaldirektor
ORT:  Coppet
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.03.2007


NAME:  Bharat Chowrira
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Graham Dixon
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Grand-Saconnex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Timothy Dyer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Begnins
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.03.2007


NAME:  Mark Epping
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Nyon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
29.10.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Charlotte Keywood
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Genthod
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Timothy Dyer
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Begnins
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Vincent Lawton
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Grossbritannien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Sonia Maria Poli
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Onex
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Sofinnova Capital IV FCPR
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Paris


NAME:  BVF Partners L.P.
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitseigentümer
ORT:  San Francisco USA


NAME:  Addex Pharma SA
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Plan-les-Ouates
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  31. Mai 2002
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'987'492.00


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Groupe Addex Therapeutics
ORT:  Plan-les-Ouates
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Addex Therapeutics est une société biopharmaceutique axée sur les
développement innovateurs, disponibles par voie orale, les petites molécules
modulateurs allostériques pour les troubles du système nerveux central.  La
société est surtout active dans le développement de traitements de la
schizophrénie et de la maladie de Parkinson.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  stagn. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften

   Acquisition, détention, gestion, aliénation et financement de participations
dans toutes sociétés ou entreprises à l'exclusion de participations
immobilières, sauf dans les cas où la législation suisse le permet.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 0.68
2015                   CHF 0.72
2014                   CHF 0.73
2013                   CHF 0.14
2012                   CHF 0.10
2011                   CHF 3.70
2010                   CHF 4.00
2009                   CHF 4.50

BEMERKUNGEN:  Angaben Firmengruppe konsolidiert.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Timothy Dyer
ORT:  Begnins
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Vincent Lawton
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Grossbritannien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Sonia Maria Poli
ORT:  Onex
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Sofinnova Capital IV FCPR
ORT:  Paris


NAME:  BVF Partners L.P.
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitsakt.
ORT:  San Francisco USA


NAME:  Addex Pharma SA
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Plan-les-Ouates
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  31. Mai 2002
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'987'492.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Genève Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.03.2007


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 13'454'553.00
LIBIERUNG:  13'454'553.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  13'454'553
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  31. Mai 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'699'612.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 13'454'553.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. März 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'173'576.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'699'612.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. August 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 9'002'964.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'173'576.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. April 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'992'590.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 9'002'964.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Oktober 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'835'878.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'992'590.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. März 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'464'809.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'835'878.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. September 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'871'292.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'464'809.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  14. April 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'862'492.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'871'292.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  25. Mai 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'987'492.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'862'492.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. Mai 2012
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Addex Pharmaceuticals Ltd
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Addex Therapeutics Ltd

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     January 19, 2017 Thursday 8:30 PM GMT

Uma Thurman's lawyer takes shots at ex during custody trial testimony

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


The actress' lawyer wanted to expose Arpad Busson's troubled relationship with
his ex, Elle Macpherson.

Uma Thurman's ex-fiance Arpad Busson was quizzed about an alleged addiction to
prostitutes and reports suggesting he once threatened his former girlfriend Elle
Macpherson as his custody trial with the actress continued.

The Kill Bill star and the French businessman have been embroiled in a legal
wrangle over four-year-old Rosalind, aka Luna, since 2014, when Busson went to
court to demand regular access to his daughter following their split.

An initial deal was agreed in September, 2015, but the former couple has since
fallen out again, with Busson objecting to Thurman's request to take Luna with
her to Europe while she works on a movie.

The custody trial kicked off at New York's Manhattan Supreme Court last week
(13Jan17), and on Thursday (19Jan17), Busson took the stand, where he was
cross-examined by Thurman's lawyer, Eleanor Alter.

During the session, Alter highlighted questionable incidents from Busson's past,
which he allegedly shared with Thurman during their relationship.

After Busson admitted to hiring someone to help him cheat on a college
admissions test, Alter asked, "Did you also tell Ms. Thurman you had been
addicted to prostitutes?", to which he firmly replied, "No."

Judge Matthew Cooper refused to allow Alter to go further with the topic,
claiming the "playing field" had been levelled after his attorney, Peter
Bronstein, had accused Thurman of frequently taking prescription pills with
alcohol to help her cope with a mental illness - allegations she denied.

Alter also broached the subject of Busson's rocky relationship with supermodel
Macpherson, with whom he shares two sons.

"You had threatened Ms. Macpherson which caused her to wear a wire," Alter
stated, prompting Bronstein to object.

His motion was sustained, but Alter defended her line of questioning,
explaining, "He testified to his wonderful relationship with Ms. Macpherson. I
think I have a right to inquire that it has not been so wonderful."

During the court hearing, it was also revealed that Busson had demanded to know
whenever Macpherson spoke to Thurman, urging his Australian ex to divulge
anything the two women discussed.

Busson and Macpherson dated from 1996 to 2005 and are parents to 13-year-old
Aurelius and 18-year-old Flynn, who had earlier testified on his father's
behalf.

The trial is expected to last two weeks.

© Cover Media

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2017 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

Alter grad Holiday at Home queen;
Volunteerism award goes to a current student at Alter.

BYLINE: ByAdele U. Koehnen

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD2

LENGTH: 239 words


Alter grad Nancy Walters will be a freshman at UC in the fall.

KETTERING - Nancy Walters, 19, of Kettering, an Alter High School graduate, was
named Queen of the 2012 Holiday at Home Labor Day festivities.

She is enrolled as a freshman at the University of Cincinnati, where she intends
to major in business.

"I was surprised and thrilled to be named queen,'' said Walters, who is the
daughter of Mark and Laura Walters of Kettering.

"I look forward to the many planned activities leading up to the coronation ball
and the parade," she said.

As a student at Alter, she participated in marching band for four years as a
percussionist and was drum major in her junior and senior years.

Named Holiday at Home princesses were: Jessica Prior, 17, of Miamisburg; Anne
Weidner, 21, of Miamisburg; Justine Templin, 18, of Bellbrook; and C.C. Salzman,
18, of Centerville.

After writing an essay and being interviewed, Bryan Von Der Vellen, 17, of
Centerville, was named the 2012 Skip Lowe recipient for outstanding volunteerism
and community service.

He is a senior at Alter High School and the son of Chris and Jeff Von Der Vellen
of Centerville.

"I'm interested in enrolling in pre-med when I go to college next year," Von Der
Vellen said.

Fairmont High School Auditorium was the scene of the queen competition. The
evening began with the Day Tones barbershop quartet singing "The Star-Spangled
Banner."

Contact this reporter at: adel eauk@roadrunner.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths
ALTER, IRVING J.

SECTION: Section 1; Column 3; Classified; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 272 words


ALTER--Irving J. On March 29, 2006, at 73. Survived by wife Marion, brother
Milton, sister Florence (Bob), sons Kevin (Rachel) and Torin (Elizabeth),
daughter Ann and granddaughter Rebecca. Preceded in death by sister Shirley, and
Janet, mother of his sons. Cherished father, husband, uncle, brother, cousin,
colleague and friend. A brilliant, just and courageous man. No one had a bigger
heart. Service Sunday, April 2, 11:30AM, Riverside Memorial 180 W. 76th St, &
Amsterdam.

$(6$)ALTER--Irving J. With great sadness, we learned of Irving's death. Long a
member and senior attorney at our firm, Irving will be remembered and admired
for his strength, wisdom, tenacity, leadership and vision. Until his retirement
in 1995, he was a counselor and advocate for affordable cooperative housing in
New York City, as well as attorney for the Amalgamated Clothing Workers and its
successor, ACTWU, Amalgamated Bank, and numerous commercial companies. He will
be sorely missed by us and those he served. Alan G. Blumberg Ezra N. Goodman
Burt Allen Solomon Dean M. Roberts Szold & Brandwen, P.C.

$(6$)ALTER--Irving. We have lost our good friend and colleague. Irv's wise
counsel guided us throughout the years. We will miss him. We send our warmest
condolences to his loving wife Marian and his adoring children Torin and
Elizabeth, Kevin and Rachel, and Ani. David Smith, Ed Yaker and Harvey Sigelbaum
United Housing Foundation

$(6$)ALTER--Irving. We mourn the passing of Irving Alter of Szold Brandwen, a
brilliant counselor for our cooperatives and for those who have less, not more.
Amalgamated Houses Park Reservoir Houses Bronx, NY

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                 AC Immune SA;


                                 Lausanne 1015
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  24. Februar 2014
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Ecublens VD
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne

DATUM:  26. Januar 2004
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  St-Légier/Chésiaz, Fenil 16A
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Ecublens/VD, EPFL PSE-B


DATUM:  6. Juni 2003
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Bâle
NEUES DOMIZIL:  St-Légier-la-Chésiaz

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0216939121
TELEFAX: 0216939120
INTERNET: www.acimmune.com
E-MAIL: info@acimmune.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406810454

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 2003
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 20.02.2003
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 55


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  27. Dezember 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
FIRMENNAME:  AC-Immune S.àr.l.
FIRMENORT:  Saint-Légier-La Chiésaz
AKTIVA:  0.00
PASSIVA:  0.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  0.00
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Selon bilan de transformation du 31.07.2003

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Dr.oec. Peter Bollmann
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lenzburg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Männedorf, Lenzburg

NAME:  Thomas Graney
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Boston (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Andrea Pfeifer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St-Légier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Detlev Riesner
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Düsseldorf
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.01.2004


NAME:  Dr. Friedrich von Bohlen und Halbach
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Heidelberg (Allemagne)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Martin Velasco
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Perroy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 04.12.2003, précédemment présidentGem.
HRPublikation vom 29.08.2003


NAME:  Dr. Matthias Staehelin
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Binningen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.08.2003


NAME:  Steve Gorlin
ORT:  Destin
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.08.2003 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 18.05.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Hans-Beat Gürtler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lupsingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Allschwil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.08.2003


NAME:  Christof Hettich
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Schwetzingen
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.06.2005


NAME:  Mathias Hothum
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Walldorf (Allemagne)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland



BETRIEB:
NAME:  AC Immune SA
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Betrieb

DIREKTION:
NAME:  Fabien Jean Monin
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

NAME:  Andreas Muhs
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Pully
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.08.2005


NAME:  Andrea Pfeifer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  St-Légier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 25.05.2005, préc. membre du CA


NAME:  Christophe Broggi
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Le Chable VS
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Mervelier
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.09.2007 Er/Sie fungierte als
Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 01.10.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Philipp Goppelsroeder
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
01.10.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr. med. Armin Mäder
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Lachen SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Galgenen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 04.12.2003 Er/Sie fungierte als
Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.09.2007 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Claude Nicolau
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Boston
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
26.08.2005 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  George A. Pavey
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Cazis


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Dievini Hopp Biotech
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitseigentümer
ORT:  Allemagne

NAME:  Andrea Pfeifer
STELLUNG:  Minderheitseigentümer
ORT:  St-Légier
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Varuma AG
STELLUNG:  Minderheitseigentümer
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. Oktober 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  Roscoe Brady
ORT:  Bethesda (ML)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. (SFr. 15'000.-) et gérant de
la SARL Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.08.2003*59

NAME:  Ruth Greferath
ORT:  Strasbourg
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. (SFr. 15'000.-) et la SARL
Gem. HRPublikation vom 29.08.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Prof. Dr. Jean-Marie Lehn
ORT:  Strasbourg
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. (SFr. 15'000.-) et la SARL
Gem. HRPublikation vom 29.08.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr. Wolfgang Stoiber
ORT:  Grünwald
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. (SFr. 10'000.-) de la SARL
Gem. HRPublikation vom 29.08.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Fred van Leuven
ORT:  Leuven
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. (SFr. 15'000.-) de la SARL
Gem. HRPublikation vom 29.08.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Guter Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
72 - Forschung und Entwicklung
72190 - Sonstige Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Natur-, Ingenieur

   le but de la société est la recherche, les études, le développement, la
fabrication, la promotion, la vente et le marketing des produits et des
substances au sein de l'industrie pharmaceutique et de la nutrition ainsi que
l'achat, la vente et l'exploitation de brevets et de licences dans ce domaine
(pour but complet cf. statuts).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2015                  CHF 39.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Dievini Hopp Biotech
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitsakt.
ORT:  Allemagne

NAME:  Andrea Pfeifer
STELLUNG:  Minderheitsakt.
ORT:  St-Légier
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Varuma AG
STELLUNG:  Minderheitsakt.
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. Oktober 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Lancy

NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.07.2009
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'062'085.84
LIBIERUNG:  1'062'085.84 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  3'538'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.02

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  16'782'500
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.02


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  9'619'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.02


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  4'122'500
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.02


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  4'515'042
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.02


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  14'527'250
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.02
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  toutes avec restrictions quant à la transmissibilité selon
statuts.


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Juni 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 956'085.84
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'062'085.84

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. April 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 928'050.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 956'085.84


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Februar 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 918'675.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 928'050.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Februar 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 916'165.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 918'675.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. November 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 853'900.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 916'165.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. April 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 853'475.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 853'900.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  10. Juli 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 812'250.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 853'475.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Mai 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 811'470.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 812'250.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  10. Januar 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 770'245.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 811'470.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. April 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 724'710.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 770'245.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. März 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 628'520.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 724'710.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Mai 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 626'020.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 627'595.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. April 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 625'220.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 626'020.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 529'030.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 625'220.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Mai 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 514'320.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 529'030.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  25. Mai 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 172'260.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 514'320.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. Januar 2004
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 163'665.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 172'260.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. August 2003
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 163'665.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  29. August 2003
ALTES DOMIZIL:  AC-Immune S.àr.l.
NEUES DOMIZIL:  AC-Immune SA

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday

Alter girls golf team joins boys at state;
The squads will vie for Division II titles on adjoining OSU courses on the same
days for the first time.

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-8

LENGTH: 552 words


KETTERING - Going to the state Division II golf tournament is almost considered
part the regular season for the boys team at Alter High School.

They've made the trip to Columbus 17 times, with state champions in
1992-93-98-99.

Last year, they finished eighth at state. This season, they are hoping for a
higher place in the D-II gathering Friday and Saturday, Oct. 10-11, on the Ohio
State Scarlet course.

What is different this trip is that the Alter girls golf team will be competing
for first time in the first DII girls tournament on the adjoining OSU Gray
course on the same days.

Both teams are made up of players from throughout the southern suburbs.

In the past, there has only been one division for girls. Alter, which had sent
Lynn Grunkemeyer and Kathleen Glavin to state as individuals, never qualified as
a team.

"It's a pretty exciting time around here," Alter Athletic Director Chris Hart
said. "The guys have that mindset it's a bad season if they don't get to state.

"We had no idea what to think about the girls because of the splitting into two
divisions. But I hope they develop the same attitude as the guys."

The Alter girls were second in the district with a 361 team score. Tippecanoe
won it at 353 while Graham was third at 364.

"I have no feel of where we fit into the mix at state," said girls coach Doug
Orange. "I don't think any D-II girls coach at state does. Scores vary so much
from course to course and the competition is different. Plus when you get to
state, the weather can be cold and rainy and kids aren't used to playing 18
holes on back-to-back days under pressure conditions.

"I feel good that we were the only team at the sectional or district that didn't
have a player at 100 or higher. If we could have four scores in the 80s both
days, I'd hope we'd be in the running."

Junior Grace Nikolai has been the Knights most consistent player, averaging 42.0
per nine holes. She shot at 86 in the district meet as did sophomore Kelsey
Auditore, who has taken 10 strokes off her game in the last year.

Seniors Julie Stoermer, Nikki Brown and Emily Kaylor complete the squad. Brown
shot a 93 at district, Kaylor a 94 and Stoermer at 98.

This is the third team Orange has taken a state tournament. In the spring, he is
the girls softball coach at Brookville, which made state two of the last three
years. The picture is much clearer for the boys. Defending champion Hunting
Valley University School from suburban Cleveland, led by last year's medalist
Mac McLaughlin, is the team to beat. Alter shot a 313 at Weatherwax in
Middletown to win the district. Chaminade-Julienne, last year's runner-up, was
runner-up at 318, which gives the Eagles a pass to state again. Jim Metter, a
senior, was the Greater Catholic League North Division player of the year and
medalist at sectional with a 74. He struggled a bit a district with an 83.
Sophomore Jon Neroni picked up him with a 74. Senior John Muir came in at 77 and
junior Andy Henehan at 79. Senior Pete Gmeiner was the fifth man with a 95.
"I'll be fun having both boys and girls team at state," said first year boys
coach John Sherman. "I know the parents have some things planned, and we'll have
a lot of people around both the Scarlet and Gray courses following the kids."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2251 or dlong@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jim Metter
Grace Nickolai

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          December 22, 2010 Wednesday

Dunbar puts an end to Jefferson's win streak

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 251 words


Jefferson High School's winning streak in boys basketball came full circle
Tuesday.

Dunbar's Deontae Hawkins scored a career-high 32 points, and the Wolverines
ended the Broncos' 14-game winning streak, 72-63.

The streak started late last season against, who else, Dunbar.

Clutch down the stretch

Fairborn junior Kendrick Williams took control in the fourth quarter with 12 of
his 21 points to hold off Miamisburg.

And in doing so, the Skyhawks stayed atop the Greater Western Ohio Conference
South Division standings.

Girls call next

Consider it an early Christmas present today for basketball junkies. Chaminade
Julienne at Alter. Fairborn at Springboro. CJ (5-2) and Alter (5-1) resume their
Girls Greater Cincinnati League grudge match after splitting the regular-season
series last year and sharing the GGCL Grey North title. Alter won bragging
rights by knocking CJ out of the postseason. The Eagles had their four-game
winning streak snapped by Fairborn on Monday, while the Knights look to stretch
their current streak to five in a row.

Over in the GWOC, it's a battle for the top spot in the South Division as
Fairborn (6-0) travels to Springboro (4-0). Both teams are 2-0 in the division.

No snap decision

Alter's Joe Thuney - a 6-foot-5, 245-pound lineman - weighed his football
options and settled on North Carolina State earlier this week.

He wasn't the only one to give a verbal commitment. Jefferson's Cody Latimer
chose Indiana for football, while also considering Connecticut, Western Kentucky
and Ohio.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Centerville's Will Hobby leans in for the basket with teammate Michael
Clark and Fairmont's Aaron Abbott on defense at Centerville High School on
Tuesday, Dec. 21. Staff photo by Teesha McClam

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Drywall from China blamed for problems;
Homeowners, especially in Florida, report sulfur issues

BYLINE: Julie Schmit

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1481 words


Real estate agent Felix Martinez thought he'd found his dream house when he
bought the 3,500-square-foot beauty in Homestead, Fla., two years ago.

Then, he says, his large-screen TV mysteriously failed. Next, the air
conditioner went. His bath towels smelled like rotten eggs. Visitors noted an
odor in the house. Martinez says he's suffered new sinus problems and sleep
apnea. His wife and son sneeze a lot.

The walls in the home, a recently filed class-action lawsuit alleges, were built
with the same kind of Chinese-made drywall that tests have shown emit sulfur
gases that corrode copper coils and electrical and plumbing components.

Similar problems have been linked to hundreds of Florida homes. Tens of
thousands of homes there and in other states could be affected, say lawyers who
have filed lawsuits on behalf of Florida homeowners. The discovery has created a
firestorm that's engulfed an international building supplier, large and small
home builders and dozens of subcontractors. The issue also has revived concerns
about quality-control procedures of U.S. companies that use Chinese-made
products, following episodes in recent years involving contaminated toothpaste
and pet-food ingredients, lead-tainted toys and defective tires imported from
China.

A leading U.S. home builder, Lennar, and a Chinese drywall manufacturer, Knauf
Plasterboard Tianjin, say tests show the gases given off by the drywall pose no
health hazards. Florida regulators and the federal Consumer Product Safety
Commission are investigating.

Lawyers say far more testing needs to be done.

"If it can put holes in metal coils, how do we know it doesn't cause problems in
children or adults?" asks attorney Jeremy Alters of Florida-based law firm
Alters Boldt Brown Rash Culmo.  Alters says he has clients who developed
respiratory ailments "out of the blue" after moving into allegedly affected
homes.

Knauf says Chinese drywall imports started in significant amounts in 2005 as a
result of a shortage driven by the booming housing market and rebuilding after
Hurricanes Katrina and Wilma.

In addition to lawsuits on behalf of Florida homeowners, a class-action lawsuit
was recently filed by an Alabama home builder that has made air conditioning
repairs on two dozen Alabama homes, says attorney Steven Nicholas. A
class-action lawsuit has also been filed on behalf of Louisiana homeowners.

Lawyers say they're investigating more complaints in other states and Florida.

"We know for a fact that this product is in Virginia, Louisiana and California,"
says Charles LaDuca, of Washington, D.C.-based law firm Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca.
"The breadth of the problem is just unfolding."

Investigations began in 2004

So far, Florida is ground zero. Up to 1,000 homes in the southern part of the
state may be affected, says Jack Snider, president of American Management
Resources Corp. (AMRC). Working for homeowners and builders, the environmental
consulting firm has tested drywall for gases and checked homes for odors and
corrosion.

AMRC first began investigating odor complaints in 2004 and found drywall to be
the cause. Because most drywall doesn't identify its origin, Snyder says, it
took until 2006 before foreign-made drywall became the focus.

Homeowner lawsuits allege that the drywall has corroded air conditioning and
refrigerator coils, microwaves, computer wiring, faucets and copper tubing.

Tests paid for by  Lennar say the drywall appears to emit sulfur gases  that can
damage air conditioning coils, electrical plumbing components and other
material.

In one test, copper pipe turned black after four weeks when placed in a sealed
container with a piece of affected drywall, according to a lawsuit filed Jan. 30
by Lennar against Knauf Gips of Germany and its Chinese affiliate,  Knauf
Plasterboard Tianjin, and others. The pipe then started to corrode, Lennar says.

Lennar alleges that Knauf produced "defective" drywall. It also says
subcontractors put it in homes without Lennar's knowledge. Lennar has said it
has more than 80 affected homes in Florida and dozens more under review. It is
relocating residents while it installs new drywall in homes.

"Lennar stands alongside its homeowners as a victim," its lawsuit says.

Plaintiffs' attorneys say residents have suffered a host of health issues,
including rashes, new allergies, asthma and sore throats. Along with receiving
compensation, they should be monitored long-term for health issues, says
attorney Ervin Gonzalez of Colson Hicks Eidson. "This has been an economic,
physical and emotional problem for victims," he says. Based on import records,
he estimates that up to 60,000 U.S. homes may be affected, with about half in
Florida.

Testing air

Drywall is made from gypsum, a mineral. Manufacturers also make synthetic gypsum
by processing residues produced by coal-burning power plants.

Normally, drywall doesn't smell or emit sulfur gases, says Nancy Spurlock,  a
spokeswoman for National Gypsum. It doesn't import drywall or ingredients from
China, she says.

Lennar, which refused interview requests, says it discovered the issue after
noticing frequent air conditioning problems in homes.

Its consulting firm, Environ International, tested air in 79 affected  Florida
homes late last year and found sulfur compounds at levels well within health and
safety limits or on par with outdoor air.

Knauf's testing firm, the Center for Toxicology and Environmental Health in
Arkansas, recently tested 20 Florida homes with discolored wiring.

It found results similar to Environ's, says toxicologist Phillip Goad, who
oversaw his firm's testing. Levels of carbonyl sulfide were in the range of salt
marsh air. Exposure to carbon disulfide were well within safety levels set by
The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health.

At higher concentrations than found in the homes, carbonyl sulfide can irritate
eyes and the respiratory system, and have other effects, says Goad. Carbon
disulfide can produce symptoms including irritated eyes, headaches and fatigue.

The Consumer Product Safety Commission dispatched staffers to Florida late last
month  to investigate and will do health hazard testing, says spokesman Joe
Martyak.

The Florida Department of Health is also testing. Its website says it has not
"identified data suggesting an imminent or chronic health hazard at this time."

In January, the state inspected 12 homes built from 2004 through 2008 to assess
possible health hazards and set up more sensitive testing protocols. Results are
pending, it says.

Mine was changed in 2006

Knauf says odor complaints about its Chinese drywall surfaced in 2006. Its
investigation determined that the drywall smelled like drywall made from natural
gypsum in China. The drywall from one China mine used by Knauf contained iron
disulfide, a naturally occurring mineral. That would account for the smell, Goad
says.

Knauf says it stopped using the mine -- which other manufacturers also used --
in late 2006 after the issues arose. It says it's being "unfairly" tainted
because it labels its imported drywall from China while others do not.

Knauf says it was responsible for just 20% of the Chinese drywall that came to
the U.S. in 2006. It also says that Lennar has identified homes with odor and
copper issues that included non-Knauf drywall.

Consultant Snider, too, says that other drywall makers "have not been as noticed
as Knauf."

Lennar and Taylor Morrison, a home builder based in Arizona with a dozen
affected Florida homes, say they're absorbing the expenses of relocating
residents for the several months it can take to repair affected homes.

Lennar says it used the Chinese-made drywall in a small percentage of Florida
homes built from November 2005 through November 2006. It's not being used in new
homes, it says. Lennar and Taylor, both of which build homes outside of Florida,
say they're not aware of homes outside of Florida being affected.

South Kendall Construction of Florida built Martinez's home. The company is
still assessing the situation, according to its attorney, Kieran Fallon. It has
tested several dozen Florida homes and expects about 50 to have problems, he
says.

Martinez says he can't afford to rent another place while South Kendall figures
out what to do. "We're caught between a rock and a hard place," he says.

Karin  Vickers, a 45-year-old certified public accountant, is in the same
situation.

She bought her Homestead, Fla., home across the street from Martinez, also in
2006, for $485,000. "I love the house," she says. But the air conditioning
didn't work properly and was just replaced. Her TV also failed after a year. Her
wall sockets  turned black, and her bathroom smells like burned matches, she
says.

Even if her house is repaired, she worries that issues could crop up again.

The real estate crash has knocked her home's value down about one-third, Vickers
estimates. "It's dropped more now because of this," she says.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Allison Diaz for USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Allison Diaz for USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 14, 2009 Saturday

Chapel, labs to get first upgrades;
Initial improvements at Alter will also target parking and a football field.

BYLINE: By Tim Tresslar and Kelli Wynn Staff Writers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 703 words


KETTERING - A raft of improvements proposed for Archbishop Alter High School are
aimed at shoring up enrollment and keeping Alter competitive with its publicly
funded counterparts, many of which are adding new school buildings, better
science labs and other amenities.

Tom Frericks Jr., an Alter trustee, said in many regards the school operates as
a business and it must improve its facilities if it wants to retain its workers
and its customers.

"We've got good kids, we've got good teachers, we have inadequate facilities,"
said Frericks, an Alter alumnus and president of Copp Systems Integrator, a
Dayton-based company.

Plans call for Alter on Sunday, March 15, to launch its Answering the Call
campaign, part of a larger drive to raise $15 million over the next few years.

An initial round of improvements planned for the spring will include renovation
of the school's chapel and science wing, construction of six new labs, parking
improvements, replacement of first-floor windows and creation of a dedicated
football field. Within the next couple of years, the school also plans to add a
performing arts center to its campus. The school decided to pursue the proposed
changes because it didn't want to wait until it raised the entire $15 million,
nor did it want to go into debt so it could pay for all the changes at once,
said principal Nicole Brainard.

Alter's enrollment this year stands at 651. During the 2007-2008 school year,
the roster of students reached 639, versus 691 during the 2006-2007 school year,
a dip caused by the graduation of a largerthan-usual senior class during the
earlier year, Frericks said.

Ideally, school officials would like enrollment to stand somewhere between 700
and 750 students, Frericks said.

Building improvements aside, Brainard said the school also wants to use some of
the money it raises for tuition assistance and to beef up its faculty
compensation.

Currently, Alter has about $250,000 in scholarships and financial aid for
students, thanks to donations from family funds and other sources, said Kirsten
MacDougal, communications director for the school.

In February, the school announced that it would freeze tuition for the 2009-2010
school year. The institution bases tuition on a scale that weighs family income
and whether the family has a parish affiliation. It ranges from $5,500 to $7,395
a year, the school has said.

Brainard said the school wants to create a $1 million endowment aimed at
providing tuition assistance to students who want to attend Alter, but cannot
afford it. Additionally, officials want to channel some of the donations into
raising teacher compensation so the school can retain instructors who often
could make more working for public schools, Brainard said.

The school also is collaborating with Kettering on improvements to the softball
and soccer practice fields at neighboring Ernst Park, a municipally owned
facility used by Alter's athletes.

Al Fullenkamp, assistant city manager, said Alter wants to continue to use the
city parks for their school and after-school activities.

For example, Alter's softball team plays in one of the city's parks. The
"negotiations" have to do with reserving dates and times, Fullenkamp said. There
is no unique agreement that Alter has with the city right now, he said.

Alter is just one of many organizations or schools that ask to use the city's
park facilities for functions, Fullenkamp said.

William Pflaum, president of the Ernst Park Neighborhood Association, said his
group has supported the majority of Alter's proposal from the outset and has
worked with the school as the project wound its way through the zoning appeals
process.

Ultimately, improving the school and adding a performing arts center to the
campus would benefit the entire neighborhood, said Pflaum, whose children
attended Alter. But with money tight, he hopes that the proposed performing arts
center will remain as much a priority as improvements to the school's athletic
facilities.

Pflaum said the association hopes "there will be as much support for stage
lights as stadium lights, for theater plays as football plays, for orchestra
music as for pep band music and for the athleticism of dance as for the
athleticism of basketball."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School principal Nicole Brainard (left), the Rev. Jim
Manning (middle), president, and board of trustee member Tom Frericks Jr. are
overseeing the capital campaign at the school. The group is in the chapel, which
will be renovated.
Archbishop Alter High School has proposed several improvements to the school
including upgrading the science rooms, which are currently equipped with
outdated science room sinks. Staff photos by Jim Noelker

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            April 9, 2003 Wednesday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

Run for the MONEY FPC athletes earn scholarships

BYLINE: ANDREW MIKULA STAFF WRITER

SECTION: C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: PALM COAST


Four seniors described by their coach as the cornerstones of Flagler Palm
Coast's track and field/cross country programs plan to sign partial athletic
scholarships and letters of intent to attend college next fall.

Jon Alter is committing to Florida Southern College in Lakeland and Tina DeYoe
will be headed to Presbyterian College in Clinton, S.C. Brandon Anderson and
Matt Briedenstein are both going to attend the University of North Florida.

Coach Peter Hopfe said the quartet all earned spots as team captains this year.
All four participated in the two running programs all four years of high school.

"They're the backbone of the team. They're major players at every meet we go
to," Hopfe said.

Alter and Anderson both scored for the Bulldogs in their back-to- back state
cross country championships of 2001 and 2002. Alter ran varsity all four years,
while Anderson came to the varsity in his sophomore year. Anderson was third on
the team (10th in the field) at 16:26, while Alter placed fourth (16th overall)
at 16:33 at the state meet in Tampa last November.

Briedenstein has been, in Hopfe's words, someone who pushes the other members of
the team and was made a co-captain this fall. He got a start in FPC's District
4-3A cross country championship run at Belleview and was seventh on the team in
18:09 at that meet.

"Matt's kind of been an on-again, off-again member of the varsity, and he's
always there hanging around pushing the others and keeping them on their toes,"
Hopfe said.

DeYoe, who also played varsity basketball for the Lady Bulldogs for four years,
became a varsity runner in her sophomore year. The FPC girls cross country team
placed ninth in the state, and DeYoe was 53rd at the state meet (third on the
team) with a time of 21:27.

All four runners are participating in track this spring.

andy.mikula@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 PHOTOS
Caption: Photo 1: Flagler Palm Coast runner Tina DeYoe practices the relay on
Monday. DeYoe and three other FPC runners plan to sign partial athletic
scholarships. Photo 2: Jon Alter works out at the track last August.
News-Tribune photos/BRIAN MYRICK

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

A pahadi-American story

BYLINE: Eunice de Souza

SECTION: EUNICE DE SOUZA

LENGTH: 604 words


Stephen Alter has lived and created under the tranquil assurance of the
Mussoorie mountains. His books trace a journey inwards, towards the constants of
beauty and peace.

It's possible that the phrase 'pahadi-Americans' has been around for some time.
I've only just come across it in an interview with Stephen Alter who was born
and raised in Mussoorie and continues to live there.

Kamla Bhatt, who is based in Silicon Valley and conducts an internet radio show
says, "Stephen Alter is a second generation Pahadi American, just like his first
cousin Bollywood actor Tom Alter."

The term could be extended to include the many writers, actors and artists who
live in the same area: Bill Aitken, Ruskin Bond, Victor Bannerjee, Shiv Sharma
who now lives in Mumbai, and many others. Finally, however, it hardly matters
whether you are purple with yellow spots, as long as you write well.

Stephen Alter considers himself an atheist. But his fascination with the
Himalayas verges on the mystical. It is when exploring them that he finds peace,
beauty and meaning. In his latest book, Becoming a Mountain (Aleph 2014) this is
particularly true for him after a horrendous and pointless attack on him and his
wife Ameeta, by four masked men who broke into their home and knifed them
repeatedly. They demanded money despite the fact that Stephen Alter kept saying
there was no money in the house. Their attackers have never been caught.

The peak the Alters can always see from their home in Mussorie is Bandarpunch,
"a broad massif with twin summits rising 6,316 metres above sea level." When his
father died of cancer, his ashes were buried in the cemetery on the north side
of Landour ridge. Two uncles were already buried there, "on a terrace
overshadowed with deodar trees." "During our last conversation, on the morning I
left for Bandarpur," Alter writes, "My father could barely speak, though he told
me to be careful on the mountain. He was worried about my safety, even as he
faced his own mortality."

What is the meaning of mountains for us? Alter writes, "If we were to break down
our bodies into the basic elements out of which we are made, we would understand
that we are simply a resurrection of chemicals in the earth we tread. And the
ashes that remain after a cremation are no different from ancient carbons in the
soil. In turn, those carbons are reconfigured into an organic whole every time a
living plant or creature is conceived."

Alter faults mankind for thinking we are different from all forms of life on
earth, plants, animals, water, fire and so on. "We have dreamed up gods so that
we can reassure ourselves that somewhere, someday, somehow, after this life is
over, something awaits us: a presence that recognizes who we are. But if we
approach a mountain instead, accepting that we are nothing more or less than an
integral part of its existence, our ego merges with the nature of the mountain."

Wordsworth writes some wonderful lines on the subject in one of his 'Lucy'
poems:

No motion has she now, no force;

She neither hears nor sees;

Rolled round in earth's diurnal course,

With rocks, and stones, and trees.

I don't know how many people are likely to find these attitudes reassuring.
Death is frightening, the afterlife even more so. Is it blank and empty? Will
our friends, parents, relatives and pets be there? Life is empty enough without
them. Why should we suffer in the afterlife as well?

At the moment, my main concern is that I should outlive my two dogs. They are so
babyish even though they are seven and ten years old, that if I am away for ten
minutes they behave as if I have been away for a century.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 13, 2008 Saturday

QB reopens recruiting process;
Toledo's coaching change allows Alter's Boucher a second look.

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 647 words


Alter High School quarterback Austin Boucher has no football scholarship offer
from Ohio State and he's still verbally committed to Toledo.

But both those things could change. After leading the Knights to the Division IV
state title, the 6-foot-1, 207-pound senior has talked to Ohio State and Georgia
Tech, and will chat with Iowa.

"Right now, I'm still committed to Toledo. My loyalty is there," Boucher said.
"At the same time, especially after the state (title) game, a lot of other big
schools have jumped on the bandwagon. I'm just kind of playing things by ear."

Boucher is in a group of 2009 quarterback recruits Ohio State is considering,
but not at the top of that list.

"They said most likely if they want to take a quarterback from Ohio, I'm their
man," Boucher said. "They said I'm the No. 1 quarterback they're looking at in
Ohio, but there's two guys that they're looking at ahead of me.

"That's fine. They're one of the most elite programs in the nation. The fact
that they've shown me some love is kind of exciting. Nonetheless, I'm just
taking it for what it is."

Boucher opened up his recruitment after the resignation of Toledo coach Tom
Amstutz. The Alter QB has already had dinner with new Rockets coach Tim Beckman.

Toledo plans to use a similar spread offense to that at Missouri and Oklahoma
State. That made Boucher happy.

"When it was first announced, I opened up recruiting again just because if the
new coach at Toledo wasn't going to run the style of offense I thought I would
fit into, obviously I would want to look elsewhere," said Boucher, who has
already gone through the recruiting process once.

"It's exciting, but I'm just taking it for what it is."

Alter's offense now has four Division I recruits, and that number could climb.

Running back/linebacker Chris Borland is headed to Wisconsin, center Evan Neff
to Ball State and tackle Max Plunkett recently committed to Kent State. Boucher
said fullback Justin Hall is getting some interest from the Mid-American
Conference.

Toledo's trump card to keep Boucher could be an offer for his twin brother,
Collin, who was hurt in the first game of the season. Collin has offers from
Army and Air Force, but his brother said Toledo might be in the mix.

"Right there would be the biggest Christmas present, being able to play college
ball with my brother," Austin said. "But he's got other things going on."

The quarterback said he has no timetable for a decision since he doesn't yet
have any offers to consider. National signing day is in February.

Ohio State looking for a quarterback

Ohio State, which already has 24 commitments to its 2009 recruiting class, is in
the market for a quarterback, and the Buckeyes are in the running for these
three prospects:

Tajh Boyd, 6-foot-2, 210 pounds, Hampton (Phoebus), Va.: He is ranked fourth
nationally among QB prospects by Scout.com because of his playmaking ability as
a runner and a passer. He guided his team to a Virginia state championship last
weekend, throwing three TD passes in the title game. Among schools he is
considering: OSU, Oregon and Penn State.

Kevin Newsome, 6-3, 215, Chesapeake, Va.: Ranked fourth nationally among
dual-threat QBs by rivals.com, he played at Hargrave Military Academy this
season. He has since gone back to high school in his hometown so he can graduate
early and enroll in college in January. Though he hasn't publicly said OSU is no
longer a candidate, he's thought to be more serious about Virginia Tech, Penn
State and Boston College.

Austin Boucher, 6-1, 207, Alter: Ranked 159th nationally by Scout.com, but he
turned heads in his senior season while leading Alter to the Division IV state
championship, its first. He ran for 111 yards and one TD, and passed for another
TD in the title-game win over Steubenville. He was 29-1 as a starter for Alter.
Boucher committed to Toledo, but has since been in conversations with OSU
coaches.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter quarterback Austin Boucher ran for 111 yards and a touchdown, and
passed for 81 and another score during the Division IV state championship game
against Steubenville in Canton. The Knights won 21-6. Staff photo by Jim Witmer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             October 1, 2004 Friday
                                  All Editions

Makeover suits Alter Bridge (formerly Creed) just fine

SECTION: TIME OUT!; Album Reviews; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 774 words


Alter Bridge, "One Day Remains" (Wind-Up) @* @* @*

What is it about rock bands ditching their lead singers as a sure step to
improvement? Velvet Revolver and Audioslave meet Alter Bridge, the second coming
of Creed minus vocalist Scott Stapp. This makeover is not so extreme:
Replacement Myles Kennedy and guitarist Mark Tremonti touch upon Creed's
favorite themes - vague spiritual imagery and self-improvement blather. But
Kennedy is a much more compelling singer. His voice soars higher and mightier
than Stapp's, and on the more subtle blues exotica, he summons the snakecharm
technique of Robert Plant.

But Alter Bridge is truly all Tremonti. A known guitar shredder live, he steps
front and center here with solos that are fast, fluid and finessed but never,
amazingly, over the top. He brings control and fireworks to these songs. They
may connect to the same old cliches lyrically, but even on a song with the high
concept title "Metalingus" (hopefully not STD between robots), Tremonti sounds
rooted and ready.

Alter Bridge plays the House of Blues in Chicago tonight. See Concert Picks
tonight.

- Mark Guarino

Interpol, "Antics" (Matador) @* @*

Dark suits, nice hair, a poise of indifference. That snapshot is the essence of
Interpol, the New York City band with a visionary debut album from 2002. Their
revitalization of '80s synth mopes like the Cure and Joy Division injected jolts
of cool into the new rock landscape two years ago, something this second album
lacks. The details are the major payoffs - pretty twinkling from guitarist
Daniel Kessler is juxtaposed against riffing sludge from bassist Carlos D.
("Length of Love"), sort of like a street fight between Korn and the Strokes.
Also, Kessler has a way of seesawing guitar sounds so every song is never tilted
the right way, leaving every mood on edge.

If all that filtered into actual melodies, Interpol would rule. The exotic sound
of Interpol still isn't enough to trump their lifeless songwriting abilities.
The icy robotic singing of Paul Banks puts this album on deep freeze halfway
through. He plays the role right on a song titled "Public Pervert" ("you move
with me/I'll treat you right," he sings). But for anything brighter than bleak,
you're out of luck.

- Mark Guarino

Talib Kweli, "Beautiful Struggle" (Rawkus-Geffen) @* @*

On "The Black Album," Jay-Z spit: "If skills sold/Truth be told/ I'd probably
be/Lyrically/Talib Kweli."

On "Beautiful Struggle" Kweli attempts to live up to Jigga's lyrical pound,
balancing underground cred and radio-ready singles that stress Black awareness.

Opener "Going Hard" acts as Kweli's dissertation - he says the things other
emcees don't a have the heart to say, and is dope not by acting hard, but
through intellect. Throughout the album, topics hop from playful ("I'm
surrounded by more 'baby's' than an Ashanti song") to controversial (Blacks
"ain't become American 'till 9/11") - but are always on point.

Like Kweli's skillful ebb and flow, the album is airtight, not bogged down by
bloated tracklists or play-once-and-skip skits that flag so many hip-hop albums.
The varied production ranges from forums that invite verbal jousting to soulful
throwbacks that satisfy Talib's love jones.

The most surprising backdrop is the digi-funk of the Amadeus- penned "A Game,"
which plays like a sped-up gem from the early '80s Downtown New York scene. The
Neptunes somehow manage to show up all the A-team producers (Kanye West, Just
Blaze) and emcees/divas (Common, Faith Evans) with the jumpy, dancehall frenzy
of "Broken Glass" - even saving the disc's one tired lyrical theme (girl moves
to city looking for fame becomes crack addict/prostitute).

Beat-wise, the only lapse is the rock 'n' soul-by-numbers of "We got the Beat,"
with its guitar antics seemingly clipped from something like Michael Jackson's
"Dirty Diana."

No matter how large Kweli gets (a Kanye/Mary J. collabo pretty much cements his
arrival) he never forgets where he's from. On "Around My Way" he advises: "When
you make it out the hood make sure you holla back/the hood's where my heart is
at." Later on "The Ghetto" he counters Hova, "If lyrics sold/ Truth be told/ I'd
probably be/ Just as rich and famous as Jay-Z."

On the closing title track, Kweli determines that he speaks "in schools a lot
cause they say I'm intelligent/No it's cause I'm dope if I was wack I'd be
irrelevant." It's the truth, and what makes Kweli's success in blurring the line
between independent and mainstream hip-hop so critical. When "the label want a
song about a bubbly life" it's the one he can't deliver, the perfect paradox,
like a beautiful struggle.

- Jake O'Connell, Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 20, 2013 Sunday

FTs lift Knights by rival Eagles;
ALTER 46, C. JULIENNE 41

BYLINE: By Dave Long

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 328 words


DAYTON - It doesn't seem to matter what venue Alter and Chaminade Julienne meet
for boys high school basketball games.

The story line never seems to vary. The old rivals engage in a physical,
defensive contest where points are scarce and free throws are usually the
deciding factor.

Such was the case Saturday night in Alter's 46-41 win. The Knights hit eight
straight free throws in the final 2:16 to help them keep the lead in the North
Division of the Greater Catholic League at 5-0. They are 11-1 overall, bouncing
back from their first loss Tuesday night, 53-51 in overtime to Centerville.

CJ is 2-4 in the GCL North, 5-9 overall with three straight losses. The Eagles'
play was similar to their 46-43 loss to Alter in December. They were in the game
until the final five minutes and then hit a massive sinking spell shooting the
ball, hitting 1 of 11 chances in the final 5:02.

The main difference from the December meeting at Trent was the setting. This one
was played in the new 1,900 seat gym at Belmont High School. An estimated crowd
of 1,200 seemed to enjoy the facility.

The crowds for these games outgrew the 800-seat gyms at Alter and CJ. Coaches
Joe Staley of CJ and Joe Petrocelli of Alter agreed to play at neutral sites,
usually Kettering Fairmont's Trent Arena.

Trent was unavailable this weekend due to the Flyin' To The Hoop event. So CJ,
which was the host school, decided to take advantage of the Belmont gym that was
opened this year. "Beautiful place," said Staley. "Our kids and fans love it. A
lot of our families live in this part of Dayton so it's not far for them.

"Plenty of seating and parking. Great lighting. Just too bad we couldn't make
shots (unofficially 16 for 56) when we needed to."

Jaaron Simmons led Alter with 16 points including six straight free throws in
the final 1:30. As a team Alter was 16 of 20 from the line. Jus-tin Clark had 20
for CJ, which was 3-of-4 from the line.

Contact this contributing writer at davelong299@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 11, 2007 Wednesday

Alter's Hausfeld one of two new volleyball recruits

BYLINE: UD INSIDER MARK GOKAVI

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 346 words


The University of Dayton volleyball team recently added to their 2007 recruiting
class with a pair of players who are used to winning.

Coach Tim Horsmon brought in Alter setter Kacie Hausfeld and Rachael Broerman, a
graduate of St. Mary's High School in Colorado Springs, Colo.

Hausfeld, an All-Ohio selection, helped lead Alter to its third state
championship in five years. Broerman, an honorable mention All-Colorado libero,
helped St. Mary's to its fourth straight state tournament.

Hausfeld and Broerman join Becky Novacek (Aliquippa, Pa.), Yvonne Marten
(Fortville, Ind.) and Tiffany Gaerke (Fort Recovery) in the recruiting class.
UD, 22-11 last fall, has had 12 consecutive winning seasons and six straight
with at least 20 victories.

"We couldn't be any happier with Kacie's and Rachael's decision to play here at
the University of Dayton," Horsmon said. "We love having great character players
here, and both of these players exemplify this. Both know how to win and will
work hard to make our program better."

Flyer notes

Baseball: Ex-Flyer pitcher and Versailles native Craig Stammen won the
season-opener last week for the Class A Potomac Nationals, 11-4 against the
Lynchburg Hillcats.

Stammen, a right-hander, gave up four runs (three earned) and six hits with four
strikeouts and three walks in five innings. Stammen was a 12thround pick by the
Washington Nationals in 2005.

Baseball: The UD baseball office has announced the summer baseball camp
schedule. The camps are for ages 7 to 14 at UD's baseball field at Time Warner
Cable Stadium.

The hitting and fielding camp is from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 12-14. A pitching,
catching and hitting camp is from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. June 19-21. For more
information, call the UD baseball office at (937) 229-4456.

Basketball: UD radio play-by-play voice Larry Hansgen will be the featured
speaker at tonight's Flyers Club meeting at Kennedy Union. The 8:15 p.m. event
is open to the public.

Softball: UD lost a doubleheader against Morehead State on Monday, but third
baseman Blair Crabtree did her part, hitting a home run in each game.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 23, 2004 Thursday

Alter's alumni honored

BYLINE: Dave Lamb

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-14

LENGTH: 522 words


The third induction class for Alter High School's Athletic Hall of Fame will
feature four distinguished athletes and a pioneering coach.

Julie Schaefer Myers, Jim Stangle, Nancy Janco-Budde, Bob Schaefer and the late
Kathleen Duchak will be recognized at the Presidential Banquet Center in
Kettering on Jan. 28.

The evening also includes the induction of Michael Kunesh, Father Mark R.
Soehner, Jill Reiling Markey and the late Kevin Lannon into Alter's
Distinguished Alumni Hall of Fame. Honorees were selected for their professional
accomplishments and community service.

* Julie Schaefer Myers: The 1980 graduate earned her greatest acclaim in
basketball. After collecting 1,267 career points, she was named District Player
of the Year and selected first-team All-Ohio.

She also earned all-conference honors three times in volleyball and once in
softball.

She played basketball all four years at the University of Dayton and later
toured Japan, Hong Kong and China with an Athletes in Action team.

Myers, who obtained her D.O. from Ohio University, has been in practice in
Kettering since 1993.

* Jim Stangle: A member of Alter's first graduating class of 1966, Stangle
earned first-team All-Ohio football honors. Stangle became a three-year starter
at offensive tackle for the University of Dayton. He was named UD's most
valuable player his senior year and selected as the Dayton Agonis Club's
outstanding senior athlete.

* Nancy Janco-Budde: The 1974 graduate lettered in track, basketball and
volleyball, but is best known for her exploits in tennis.

A walk-on with the women's tennis team at Arizona State University, Janco-Budde
landed a scholarship. She became a first-team All-American in singles.

She served as head coach for Purdue University's women's tennis team and coached
Alter's girls tennis team to a state team championship in 2001. She also has
claimed six Montgomery County women's open singles championships.

* Bob Schaefer: The 1975 graduate helped Alter's basketball team to its first
Final Four appearance in the state tournament. He was also an all-area baseball
player.

He continued his basketball career at Wright State University, where he finished
as the program's career scoring leader.

Schaefer, who still holds several Raider records, was inducted into Wright
State's Hall of Fame in 1988. He has served as a director at Reynolds and
Reynolds for 25 years.

* Kathleen Duchak: She is credited with starting the Alter girls soccer program
in 1978 and served as its coach until 1987.

She guided the Knights to more than 100 wins and never experienced a losing
season. She was also noted for her perspective on athletics, which included a
pre-game prayer: "Holy Spirit of God, enlighten my mind, strengthen my will and
give me the grace to pass this hour fruitfully. Amen."

She taught her players that sports was not an end in itself, but a means to live
a better life through hard work, sportsmanship, teamwork and learning from
mistakes.

Tickets cost $45 per person or $78 per couple. For more information, contact
Tina Lammers at 428-5335 or tlammers@alterhighschool.org.

Contact Dave Lamb at 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 16, 2011 Friday

Alter routs Purcell, shining in spotlight;
Knights rely on strong defense, running game to dominate GCL foe.

BYLINE: By John Cummings Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 323 words


SPRINGBORO - Alter High School quarterback Malik Zaire stood 10 yards away from
the Knights' postgame huddle being interviewed by the Ohio News Network on
Thursday night at Care-Flight Field.

"It was interesting," Zaire said of the attention after scoring twice and
leading the state's second-ranked Division III football team to a 35-6 win over
Cincinnati Purcell Marian in a game broadcast live on ONN. "It was a new
experience, but I was just talking like it is."

For most of the night, the Knights' talking had been done on the field.

Alter rushed for 424 yards on 43 carries with Joe Penno going for 145 yards on
13 carries and Zaire finishing with 92 yards on 10 carries. While Alter was
cranking up 447 yards in total offense and 14 first downs, the Cavaliers managed
just 176 yards in total offense and seven first downs.

"They (the defense) played well," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said after the Knights
improved to 4-0. "Anytime you hold a (Greater Catholic League) team to one
touchdown, it's a good night. It's only week four, so there are still some
things we can work on."

After Tommy Ruff found the end zone on Alter's second possession, Zaire took
over.

Zaire scored with 11 minutes left in the half on a 14-yard run to push the lead
to 14-0 before busting loose for a 37-yard run as the fourth quarter started for
a 28-0 lead.

"Our first possession, we are just looking at what the defense is doing," Zaire
said. "Then, we do what we can to play on their weaknesses. I think we were
being too impatient at first. We just had to calm down, and once we did, we
executed pretty well."

Purcell finally got on the board with 7:46 left in the game, but crossed into
Alter territory just twice on the night.

Zaire admits he never looked at the state poll until Domsitz mentioned it at
practice.

"I know what we are striving for," Zaire said. "We needed to come out and prove
to people (that we are good). But, we still have a lot to work on."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School quarterback rushed for 92 yards and two touchdowns
during Thursday's game. STAFF PHOTO BY TEESHA MCCLAM

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              March 7, 2008 Friday

Huge day for Alter basketball teams;
Christie girls want to win state for Dad

BYLINE: TOM ARCHDEACON DAYTON DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 259 words


COLUMBUS - Some 30 minutes after the game - when most of the Alter girls were
back by their dressing room in the inner reaches of the Schottenstein Center -
Dan Christie finally was able to work his way down to the edge of the court
where his three daughters, all guards on the Knights basketball team, waited for
him.

He handed them a big bouquet of white carnations that his wife, Margie, had
dipped in brown paint and yellow - Alter colors.

"This has become a good luck tradition," said Nicole, a senior guard for the
Knights. "My parents give each player on our team a flower after a tournament
victory."

And Nicole - along with sisters Ashley, a junior guard, and Courtney, a freshman
- as well as the rest of the 24-3 Knights, were celebrating a great victory
Thursday, March 6.

Using a smothering defense that forced 26 turnovers, Alter overwhelmed Columbus
Mifflin, 45-31, in a Division II state semifinal. The Knights will face Hathaway
Brown in the title game Saturday.

Twenty-five years ago this week, there was another Christie trio in the state
title game. The 26-0 Oak Harbor boys team was led by senior guard Dan Christie
and his younger brother Don. The team was coached by their dad, Dave.

But they lost to Columbus Bexley, and while they all went on to other great
basketball memories - Dan at UD - they never forgot that title disappointment of
1983.

"We've heard bits and pieces of all that from Dad and Grandpa," said Nicole.
"Saturday we want them to share in a state championship victory."

? Christie family enjoys

the moment Article on B4

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter sophomore Ashley Christie drives to the basket as Columbus
Mifflin's Patricia Mack applies pressure. Christie scored six points as the
Knights won the Division II state semifinal 45-31 Thursday, March 6 at the
Schottenstein Center. They will face Hathaway Brown at 10:45 a.m. Saturday for
the state championship. Staff photo by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 19, 2015 Tuesday

Agonis honors area athletes and coaches;
Kennard, Siebert, Triceare, Mingo get awards from group.;
Preps Insider

BYLINE: Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 467 words


The Dayton Agonis Club honored four area athletes, a coach and former University
of Dayton men's basketball coach Don Donoher during its 62nd annual awards
banquet on Monday at the Presidential Banquet Center in Kettering.

? Luke Kennard, Franklin High School senior (boys basketball): He received the
Beno Keiter/Russ Guerra Memorial Award for a Dayton-area high school athlete.

? Travis Trice, Michigan State University (men's basketball) and Wayne grad: He
was given the Dave Hall Memorial Award for a Dayton-area athlete attending
school out of the area.

? Tay'Ler Mingo, Wright State (women's basketball): She received the Dr. Dave
Reese Memorial Award, which recognizes a WSU athlete.

? Jordan Siebert, Dayton (men's basketball): He received the Joe Gavin/Joe Quinn
Memorial Award for a UD athlete.

? Pete Pullen, Dunbar High School (boys basketball coach): He was given the Mike
Kelly/Don Donoher Award that recognizes an area coach.

CBS Sports college basketball analyst Clark Kellogg was the featured speaker.
Donoher was given special recognition for his impending induction into the
College Basketball Hall of Fame in November.

? Patrick Hemmert (Carroll), Nick Coleman (Alter) and Sean Sherman (Fenwick)
were named the Greater Catholic League Coed boys athletes of the year following
the recent GCL track and field meet at Fenwick. Carroll coach Mike Triola was
the boys coach of the year.

Abby Nicholas (Alter) and Keryn Lumpkin (Alter) were the girls athletes of the
year and Alter's John Davalos the girls coach of the year.

Carroll's boys won their seventh straight GCL title and Alter girls their third.

? Seniors Sean Lorton (Milton-Union) and Daniel Meyer (Chaminade Julienne) both
have been awarded Chick Evans Scholarships and will attend Ohio State this fall.

Sponsored by the Western Golf Association, more than 10,000 caddies have been
awarded scholarships and graduated through the privately funded program. Evans
Scholars are selected based on caddie record, academics, character and financial
need. Both Lorton and Meyer were sponsored by the Moraine Country Club.

? Defender Cierra Stevenson (CJ) recently signed to play women's soccer at
Wright State. She makes the fourth area player to sign with the Raiders, joining
Aaliyah Patten (Fairborn), Brinna Price (Tippecanoe) and Lexie Ulrich
(Beaver-creek).

? Miamisburg grad Macey Riese recently was named the defensive MVP for the
Youngstown State women's soccer team. A co-captain of the Penguins, the junior
biology major has been a fixture in the starting lineup since midway through her
freshman season.

? Tom Wiseman has been promoted to the Lehman Catholic boys soccer head coach.
He succeeds Tom Thornton, who resigned after three seasons.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc. Pendleton@coxinc.com
Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              April 2, 2012 Monday

Washington Jewish Week high bidder for Baltimore Jewish Times

BYLINE: Ben Mook

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 403  words


The company that owns the Washington Jewish Week will acquire the Baltimore
Jewish Times following its high bid of $1.26 million in a bankruptcy asset
auction that concluded Monday.

Zvi Guttman, the appointed trustee in the case, confirmed that Route 95
Publications LLC, an entity created by the owners of Rockville-based Washington
Jewish Week, was the top bidder for the assets of Alter Communications Inc.,
including the Baltimore Jewish Times.

Baltimore Community Publishing, an investment group headed by Dr. Scott Rifkin,
came in a close second with a final bid of $1.25 million. A third potential
buyer, H.G. Roebuck & Son, remained in the bidding until around the $900,000
mark, Guttman said.

The deal still needs court approval, which is expected to come on Thursday.

Alter filed for Chapter 11 reorganization bankruptcy on April 14, 2010, after
Roebuck, its former printer, sued Alter and its CEO, Andrew Alter Buerger, for
breach of contract in 2009 and won a $362,000 judgment.

In addition to the Jewish Times, or JT Magazine, Alter also publishes Style
magazine, Chesapeake Life magazine and a portfolio of custom publications.

"My goal was to keep the publications alive, and we did that," Buerger said
Monday afternoon. "But obviously, we're sad that the ownership stops here, after
four generations. "

The paper was founded in 1919 by David Alter. Andrew Buerger took over the
company when his father, Charles A. Buerger, died in 1996. Andrew Buerger
changed the company name from Jewish Times Inc. to Alter Communications.

The Jewish Times, Maryland's largest Jewish weekly publication, publishes on
Fridays, averages more than 120 pages and has a paid circulation of nearly
50,000, according to its website.

In an interview with the Baltimore Jewish Times, Louis Mayberg, co-owner of
Route 95 Publications, said it was the group's intention to "continue to have
Baltimore-based reporters dealing with Baltimore issues and have staff to
support its sales and Baltimore issues. "

With his contract voided, Buerger said he was not sure what role, if any, he
would have as an employee of the Baltimore Jewish Times under the new owners. At
present, Buerger writes a column and a blog for the paper.

He said that after two years of legal wrangling, he is glad to have the
litigation behind him and the paper's future secured.

"I'm tired," he said. "It's been a long battle. I think it might be time for a
long vacation. "

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Mergers and acquisitions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

ALTER TAKES TWO;
Miller stars as Knights win second straight D-II state title.;
GIRLS BASKETBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIPS

SECTION: ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 817 words


Alter's Haley Combs (30), Ty Markoff (middle) and Braxtin Miller celebrate the
team's second straight D-II girls high school state basketball championship.

Alter's Braxtin Miller celebrates with teammate Hayley Combs (30) after Alter
defeated Ottawa-Glandorf, 74-48, to win its second straight girls high school
basketball D-II state championship on Saturday.

COLUMBUS - They wouldn't admit it, but the Alter girls basketball season
wouldn't be complete without earning another state title. That would be their
underlying driving force and the only way the Knights could measure up to last
season's sensational unbeaten champs.

"I just really, really wanted to win state," beamed Alter junior Braxtin Miller,
who ignited a second-half surge that resulted in a 74-48 defeat of overmatched
Ottawa-Glandorf in Saturday's girls high school basketball Division II state
championship at Ohio State University's Schottenstein Center.

"As a team, we had a refuse-to-lose attitude. We weren't going to go down easy.
We wanted this more than anything. I was just trying to do anything I could to
help the team accomplish that."

That would be plenty. Miller tallied 15 points in the third quarter, 26 in that
title-clinching second half and a game-high 33 in super-charging the Knights to
their second straight D-II state title. And that wasn't all.

The highly recruited 5-foot-11 guard - she's uncommitted - also hit 13 of 18
shots, three 3-pointers, and had 10 rebounds, four steals and three assists in
the final four's most awesome individual effort in any division.

"Braxtin took it to another level," Alter co-coach Chris Hart said. "They
couldn't match her athleticism. She took full advantage of that. It was almost
like when an animal smells blood. Braxtin smelled that blood."

It was a dominating Alter display of championship hoop, especially after OG
pulled within four midway through the third quarter. But that's when Kadie
Hempfling, a rugged 5-9 inside player, got tangled with Alter's Ty Markoff along
the baseline and left with a broken finger.

The Knights immediately went on a game-changing 16-1 run, and the rout was on.

"We ran up against a buzz saw and at the end of the game we didn't have enough
to finish," Titans coach Troy Yant said. "We were holding our own ... but every
time we broke down, they scored. They've played at a high level for a long time.
You can't simulate that kind of stuff in practice. It's definitely the most
quality and well-balanced team we've seen."

Glandorf (26-3) also lost in the D-III state title game last season and was
since reclassified as D-II. Erin Kaufman led the Western Buckeye League champs
with 12 points and Kylie white added 11.

Alter's other three-year backcourt guard, Libby Bazelak, added 10 points, nine
assists and seven rebounds. Kara Stephenson also hit a couple of threes and
produced 10 points for Alter (28-2), which will take a 16-game win streak into
next season. Alter hit nine 3s, also getting one each from Bazelak, Hayley
Combs, Lauren Lush and Markoff.

It was the third straight state title game Alter has played in and pushed its
combined overall record to 87-3 in that span.

Besides the last two, Alter also won the 2008 D-II state title. The 74 points
set an all-time D-II state title game high, eclipsing Dunbar's 73-59 defeat of
Canfield in the 1991 title game.

"What a ride it's been these last three years, honestly," said Hart.

Waterford 29, Fostoria St. Wendelin 27: Megan Ball hit a game-winning layup with
13 seconds remaining as Waterford earned an offensively challenged D-IV title.
Waterford led 17-16 after three quarters; the teams were deadlocked at 12-12 at
the half.

Ball led Waterford (28-1) with 10 points. Ali Kern added five points, 10
rebounds and six steals for the Wildcats, who lost the D-IV title game last year
to Fort Loramie. Allie Rutter led Wendelin (26-4) with 11 points. Wendelin's 6-4
senior center Kamryn Troike had seven points, 10 rebounds and four blocks.

Col. Africentric 59, Marion Pleasant 37: Kynnedy Azubike scored 15 points to
lead a balanced offense as the Nubians won their fifth state title since 2007,
capturing the D-III title in Saturday's opener. Leah Morrow added 12 points and
Jordan Horston 11 for Africentric (24-5).

Pleasant (27-3) was forced into 36 turnovers and wilted in the second half when
it was outscored 40-14.

Wadsworth 60, Mason 51: The Grizzlies (28-1) scored the first 10 points, mounted
a 16-1 lead and held off the Comets' second-half comeback to win their first
state title in the D-I nightcap. Mason (26-3) closed within four midway through
the final quarter before Wadsworth pulled away.

Jodi Johnson tallied 28 points to lead the Grizzlies. Lauren Van Kluenen led the
Comets with 15 points.

? The boys state final fours are Thursday through Saturday this week also at the
Schott.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc. Pendleton@coxinc.com
Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 24, 2008 Friday

Football games we'd like to see

BYLINE: PREP INSIDER MARK GOKAVI

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. VA1

LENGTH: 518 words


The high school football playoffs are nearly here and we'll be treated to some
interesting matchups. But there are area contests we'd love to see - some we
might, many of which we likely won't - in the coming seasons.

Here's a few of them:

* Wayne vs. Alter: Actually, this game was discussed. In Week 3, Alter traveled
all the way to Ashland while Wayne invited Parma Padua Franciscan in suburban
Cleveland to come down.

The Knights' defense against a then-healthy Braxton Miller? Wayne trying to
handle Chris Borland and Austin Boucher? That would be fun.

The names may change, but this matchup would probably be a good, competitive
game most years. And playing a Division IV team like Alter that rarely loses in
the regular season wouldn't kill Wayne's playoff points. For Alter, it would
mean more D-I points with victories.

* Valley View vs. Northmont: Coaches Jay Niswonger and Lance Schneider get along
pretty well and scrimmage sometimes. The run-and-shoot against the spread. Gang
Green against the Spartans' defense.

With Valley View being D-IV (and sometimes D-III), it probably doesn't make
sense from Northmont's point of view. But on the field, the Spartans might hang
with the Bolts at times.

* Alter vs. Centerville: Won't happen. The Knights play the GCL Central along
with their GCL North rivals Chaminade-Julienne, Fenwick and Carroll. If they
didn't, that would open up a lot of possibilities like Centerville, Northmont
and Valley View.

The Elks' scheduling strategy is more about facing Cincinnatiarea D-I teams. But
an Alter-Centerville matchup would be a circle-the-calendar game every year.

* Troy vs. Tippecanoe: Sure, the Trojans have a numbers edge, but that's true in
almost all these cases. These bordering districts play in other sports and a
football game would be fun. Troy would still do well in computer points if Tipp
continues to roll off 8-, 9- and 10-win years.

* Marion Local vs. Carroll: Bruising football at its best. The Flyers are
contenders nearly every year and the Patriots will rebound from a rare down
season. Plus, the game is closer than Carroll driving to Indiana to play Center
Grove, like happened in Week 1 this season. That same weekend, Marion Local
played (now 0-9) Elida.

* Chaminade-Julienne vs. Dunbar: These nearby schools have students who know
each other well. Plus, the schools are similar in enrollment numbers and would
often be a competitive game, especially with Dunbar's resurgence.

* Piqua vs. Coldwater: Maybe this one could happen because neither team shies
away from anybody. The Cavaliers only have two non-conference dates available,
and those are the same weeks Piqua played St. Marys Memorial and Fairfield this
year.

* Bellbrook vs. Beavercreek: Another worthy Greene County matchup - teams could
play for a meal at The Greene.

* Others: Franklin vs. Miamisburg; Anna vs. Sidney; Alter vs. Trotwood; Oakwood
vs. C-J; Piqua vs. Lehman.

If things break just so, we'll see Alter and Coldwater soon.

Who would you like to see play? Contact this reporter at (937) 225-6951 or mgoka
vi@DaytonDailyNews.com and suggest a matchup you'd like to see and why.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 29, 2012 Saturday

Simmons paces Alter to win;
HIGH SCHOOL ROUNDUP

BYLINE: Staff reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 457 words


Alter High School's Jaaron Simmons led the Knights to a 65-48 win over Brewbaker
Tech (Ga.) in boys basketball Friday. The game was part of the Bobcat Classic in
Bluffton, S.C.

Simmons had 38 points, 6 rebounds and 4 assists. Kraig Howe had 11 points, 10
rebounds.

Alter will continue in the tournament today at 7:30 p.m.

Milton-Union 36, Bethel 34: Caleb Poland led Milton-Union with 10 points. Dakota
Albaugh's last-second putback won it for the Bulldogs. Patrick Bain had 13 for
Bethel.

Thurgood Marshall 70, Bosse (Ind.) 57: Mark Alstork led Thurgood with 26.

Tippecanoe 62, Sidney 55: Nick Fischer scored 14 and Michael Landwehr had 10 to
lead a balanced attack for the Red Devils (7-1).

Xenia 69, Graham 47: Cody Phillippi scored 23 for Xenia. Dominique Tucker scored
16, while David Roberts had 13.

Wiatt Hanlin led Graham with 14 points, six rebounds. Grant Goddard had nine
points, four assists. Devon Allen also scored nine.

Magnolia (W. Va.) 69, Chaminade Julienne 63: Magnolia is 8-0 and a top-five team
in the state of West Virginia.

Justin Clark scored 23 to lead CJ. Tim Riley scored 11 while C.J. Riazzi scored
10. Clark made five 3-pointers.

Troy Christian 57, Riverside 29: Troy Christian has won six of seven to start
the season.

Nathan Kirkpatrick led Troy Christian with 18. He made four 3-pointers.
Christian Salazar scored 11.

The game was part of the Bradford Holiday Tournament. Troy Christian plays again
today at 8 p.m.

Miami East 53, Brookville 56: Undefeated Miami East will play Versailles in the
finals of the Versailles Holiday Tournament today at 8 p.m. Versailles is No. 1
and Miami East No. 2 in the DDN Division III area rankings.

A.J. Hickman had 15 points, seven rebounds for Miami East. Garrett Mitchell had
14 points, six steals.

St. Henry 59, Celina 56: Kyle Stahl made a 3- pointer at the buzzer to give St.
Henry the win. Stahl had 29 points, 10 rebounds and three assists. He shot
14-of-22 from the field. Alex Post scored 10.

Minster 67, Houston 49: Adam Niemeyer scored 18 to lead Minster. Brandon Hoying
scored 16 and had four 3-pointers. Devon Poeppelman scored 13.

Girls basketball

Centerville 66, Se-ton-LaSalle (Pa.) 63: The Elks defeated the defending
large-division state champion in Pennsylvania, which was 30-0 last season.

Tecumseh 71, Oak-wood 55: Bianca Quisenberry led Tecumseh with 36 points, 11
steals and eight rebounds. Tecumseh has won 11 in a row since losing its season
opener Nov. 24 to Westerville South.

Fairmont 66, Potter's House Christian (Fla.) 36: Alona Skipper led Fairmont
(9-0) with 17. Makayla Waterman had 11 points, 10 rebounds, four assists and
four steals.

Carlisle 45, Riverside 34: Kelsey Minton led the Indians (4-5) with 19 in the
opening round of the Bradford Holiday Tournament.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 11, 2006 Saturday

'Deceptive' style lifts Alter girls;
Best is yet to come from heralded Knights as they prepare for Walsh, the coach
says.

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 303 words


FAIRBORN - Alter's Knights have left many opponents shaking their heads this
season.

"I think it's kind of hard to figure out why we're so good," Alter volleyball
coach Tina Jasinowski said. "I think when people watch us walk into the gym, we
don't look all that impressive. I think we're very deceptive."

While they may not have intimidated anyone walking into the gym, the Knights
impressed many at the Nutter center before they left Friday, making quick work
of West Holmes High School, 25-18, 25-18, 25-11, in the Division II state
volleyball semifinals.

"What you saw was what we planned to accomplish," Jasinowski said. "It wasn't
the best performance Alter volleyball has given this season, we're saving that
for tomorrow."

Balance has been a key to the Knights success this season, and Friday was no
exception. Senior outside hitter Sarah Fisher led Alter's scoring with 21 kills,
and four players reached double figures in digs in the strong defensive
performance.

"Alter volleyball is rarely a one-woman show," Jasinowski said. "We have a
balanced attack and really play as a team." Another factor in the postseason
success is tough regular-season competition. "Our first year in the (Girls
Greater Cincinnati League), we went 0-11 and I was fearful we'd get hammered
every night," Jasinowski said. "I think it is the strongest league in the state
in girls volleyball, and it pushed us to a higher level. The Knights (25-3) will
put their experience to the test today in the final. It will be a battle of Ohio
powers when Alter, which has been ranked second in the state all season, faces
No. 1 Walsh Jesuit (27-1). The Warriors, who were state runners-up to Roger
Bacon last year, toppled Big Walnut in four games.

? Can you dig it?

Find more photos from the

state tournament on our

Web site.

DaytonDailyNews.com/preps

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday

Coaching change heats GGCL rivalry;
Fenwick assistant Javier Iriart is taking the helm at former rival Alter.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 556 words


In the Girls Greater Cincinnati League - one of the top conferences in the state
- soccer teams don't need extra incentives to prepare for one another.

Fenwick and Alter, though, found some.

Javier Iriart takes over as head coach for the Knights after serving as a
Fenwick assistant the past four seasons.

Fenwick won the GGCL North and beat Alter 2-1 last season.

"They're coming up to (Kettering to play) us, so that kind of alleviates some of
that pressure," said Iriart, who takes over the Alter program from Corrie
Weckesser. "I have nothing but good memories of Fenwick. Those girls are
awesome. I had a great time coaching them and being with Tom McEwan. It'll be
full of emotion, but exciting nonetheless."

That, of course, isn't the only change in high school girls soccer this season.
The biggest? The addition of a third division. The three divisions are set, but
the ripple effects will continue to be felt.

Carroll drops to Division II for the first time and so does 2010 DI state
champion - and five-time overall champ - Cuyahoga Falls Walsh Jesuit.

And then there's Milton-Union. Milton is one girl over the enrollment limit to
quality for D-III. So instead of being the largest DIII school in the state,
Milton is the smallest D-II school. Division numbers are based on students
enrolled in grades 9-11 as of October 2010 and are in effect through the 2012-13
season.

Alter, meanwhile, remains in DII. The Knights return six seniors - including
captains Beth Ruff, Kara Ruffolo and Mary Switala - and eight juniors. The
Knights expect to challenge Fenwick, Carroll and Chaminade Julienne for the GGCL
title.

Iriart grew up near Akron and graduated from Miami University. He was a
sophomore at Miami when he joined Fenwick's coaching staff. Alter is his first
head coaching job.

"I'm not going to lie, it did cross my mind at some point," Iriart said of the
difficulty of taking over an established program as a first job. "How am I going
to present myself to beat out the big names?"

So far he's 1-0.

Scouting report

* Beavercreek boasts 12 returning starters - including All-Ohio Micaela Powers -
from a 13-4-3 team that finished second to Centerville in the GWOC Central and
fell to the Elks in a district final.

* Both Wayne and Northmont return seven starters from 10-win seasons in 2010.
Wayne gets an added confidence boost after tying Centerville and Beavercreek in
the regular season.

* Expect Oakwood to pick up a few more than four wins this season. The Jills
return seven starters from a 4-12-2 team and get a big boost with the return of
senior Claire Davis, who broke her leg early last season.

* Carroll returns four starters from last year's 11-4-3 team that lost in
penalty kicks to Centerville in the district semifinals. The Patriots, keyed by
senior forward and leading scorer Emily Baldwin, drop to Division II this
season.

* Doug Rabe returns to Tippecanoe this season, previously guiding the Red Devils
in 2004 and 2005 and serving as an assistant from 1995-2003. Rabe, who coached
at Bethel last season, inherits a team that returns six starters. Brandon Baker,
meanwhile, takes over at Bethel.

* Miami East returns 12 letter-winners, which all have started at some point, to
a team that went 13-4-2. That was one win shy of the school record. East opens
the season today against Wilmington at Columbus Crew Stadium.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Micaela Powers is one of 12 returning starters for Beavercreek. STAFF
FILE PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                    Oped AG;

                              Hinterbergstrasse 26
                                   Cham 6330
                              Schweiz/Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417485335
TELEFAX: 0417485340
INTERNET: www.oped.ch
E-MAIL: contact@oped.ch

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406467332

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 07.01.1994
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 20


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  11. Januar 2017

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Stefan Geiselbrechtinger
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Grasbrunn (D)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Andreas Hassler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Weyarn (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Ausgeschieden als Direktor am 05.11.2003 und wieder einge-tragen
als VR am 06.08.2008.


NAME:  Steven Murray
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  München (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Dr. Dirk Ippen
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Gräfelfing (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Thomas Helmut Knorr
ORT:  Bad Wiessee (D)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 19.05.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Stephan Habermeyer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Chestnut Hill (USA)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Armin Landtwing
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Unterägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zug
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie hat/te weitere Engagements inne, ob als Vertreter in
eigener Sache oder für Dritte ist nicht bekannt.



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Stefan Geiselbrechtinger
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Grasbrunn (D)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Armin Landtwing
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Unterägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zug


NAME:  Christian Puritscher
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Unterhaching (D)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Stefan Geiselbrechtinger
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Grasbrunn (D)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Stephan Habermeyer
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Chestnut Hill (USA)
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Patrick Hürlimann
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Cham
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Walchwil

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Susanne Caillier
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Cham
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Aristau

NAME:  Armin Landtwing
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Unterägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zug


NAME:  Markus Müller
ORT:  Udligenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Luzern, Uitikon
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
17.11.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Thomas Müller
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bürglen UR, Hettlingen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
03.07.2007 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
46460 - Grosshandel mit medizinischen, chirurgischen und orthopädischen

   Produktion und Vertrieb von Erzeugnissen des Medizinalbereichs; kann
Schutzrechte aller Art erwerben, halten, verwerten und veräussern, sich an
Unternehmen ähnlicher Art beteiligen, Grundeigentum erwerben und veräussern
sowie Finanzierungen durchführen

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 12.00
2015                  CHF 12.00
2014                   CHF 9.00
2013                   CHF 9.00
2012                  CHF 13.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Stephan Habermeyer
ORT:  Chestnut Hill (USA)
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Steinhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. November 2005

NAME:  Acton Revisions AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  23. Dezember 1975
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 13.12.2007
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Intercontrol AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1971
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.10.1999
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Angaben über Grundeigentum sind nicht erhältlich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'172'016.00
LIBIERUNG:  1'172'016.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  293'004
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 4.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Dezember 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'152'432.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'172'016.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Dezember 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'143'788.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'152'432.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Februar 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'139'400.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'143'788.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. Januar 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'137'960.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'139'400.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Februar 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'131'200.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'137'960.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. Dezember 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'828'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'131'200.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Dezember 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'800'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'828'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Dezember 2000
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'500'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'800'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. August 1999
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'500'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. September 1998
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 940'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Dezember 1996
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 940'000.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                  Covagen AG;

                                Gubelstrasse 34
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  22. Januar 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug

DATUM:  7. Januar 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug


DATUM:  17. Dezember 2010
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0447324660
TELEFAX: 0447324664
INTERNET: www.covagen.com
E-MAIL: info@covagen.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 408159239

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 12.01.2007
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  29. Dezember 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Die Gesellschaft übernimmt Lizenz für die
Patentfamilien EP 04761950.0 und EP 06017336.6 gegen eine jährliche Gebühr von
CHF 10'000.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Claudio Cescato
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Schaffhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Val Müstair GR

NAME:  Ludo Ooms
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Adliswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Belgien


NAME:  Susan Beth Dillon
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Bryn Mawr (PA/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Andrea Ostinelli
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Menzingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Jonathan Hepple
ORT:  London (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Julian Bertschinger
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Ottenbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Pfäffikon


NAME:  David Bruce Bancroft
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Schaffhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Stein am Rhein SH


NAME:  Jonathan Toll Edelson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  New York City (NY/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Abraham Kometz
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  New York
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Israel


NAME:  Anja König
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Gilles Nobecourt
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  La Celle-Saint-Cloud
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Daniel O'Mahony
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Dublin (IE)
LAND:  Irland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Irland


NAME:  Mounia Roulleau-Chaoui
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Puteaux (FR)
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Dr. Ruedi Gygax
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Bottmingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bern, Seeberg


NAME:  Franz Hefti
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Bernardsville (NJ/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Karl Nägler
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  München (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Frank Walsh
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Montgomery (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Raymond Hill
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Royston
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  William Roy Strohl
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Bridgewater (NJ/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Cilag GmbH International
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. November 1984
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00

KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Johnson & Johnson Group
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Julian Bertschinger
ORT:  Ottenbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Pfäffikon

NAME:  Dr. Elizabeth Furter
ORT:  Dürnten
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Staufen


NAME:  Locher Ursula
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meilen


NAME:  Sandra Wälchli
ORT:  Riedholz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Seeberg


NAME:  Gaby Egli
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Nottwil


NAME:  Livia Hofer
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Etziken


NAME:  Marco Edoardo Vitali
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Eggenwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  St. Antönien GR, Luzein


NAME:  Dragan Grabulovski
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Winterthur


NAME:  Ilias Papatheodorou
ORT:  Tübingen (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Griechenland


WEITERES GESCHÄFTSLOKAL:
NAME:  Covagen AG
ORT:  Schlieren
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  weiteres Geschäftslokal

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Entwicklung von Proteinwirkstoffe für die Behandlung von Krankheiten /
Entwicklung von Pharmazeutika für die Behandlung von Krebs und
Entzündungskrankheiten

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
ENTWICKLUNG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
47740 - Detailhandel mit medizinischen und orthopädischen Artikeln
72190 - Sonstige Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Natur-, Ingenieur

   Erforschung, Entwicklung, Herstellung und Vertrieb von pharmazeutischen und
diagnostischen Produkten und Technologien; vollständige Zweckumschreibung gemäss
Statuten.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 6.40
2015                   CHF 6.40

BEMERKUNGEN:  Detaillierte Zahlen werden nicht veröffentlicht.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Cilag GmbH International
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. November 1984
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Cilag AG
ORT:  Schaffhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Oktober 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 22'100'000.00

NAME:  Cilag Holding AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Mai 1936
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 21'006'100.00


NAME:  Cilag Products GmbH
ORT:  Schaffhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Februar 2013
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00


NAME:  Janssen Vaccines AG
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Januar 1898
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 15'397'095.20


NAME:  Janssen-Cilag AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  31. August 1979
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'700'000.00


NAME:  Johnson & Johnson AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  18. November 1969
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 4'300'000.00


NAME:  Medos International Sàrl
ORT:  Le Locle
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. Juni 2004
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Medos Sàrl
ORT:  Le Locle
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Februar 1983
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00


NAME:  Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics Switzerland GmbH
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. Mai 2014
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00


NAME:  Synthes GmbH
ORT:  Oberdorf BL
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. April 1954
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Synthes Holding AG
ORT:  Zuchwil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. Dezember 1989
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 23'687'355.60


NAME:  Cilag Advanced Technologies GmbH
ORT:  Schaffhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  31. Dezember 2002
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00


NAME:  Synthes Produktions GmbH
ORT:  Hägendorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Januar 1949
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 350'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00

NAME:  Treuhandbüro Norbert Hutter AG
ORT:  Elgg
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. Juli 1997
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Die Angaben über Grundeigentum beschränken sich auf
das Domizil.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'159'155.00
LIBIERUNG:  1115548 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  1'159'155
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. Mai 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'115'548.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'159'155.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Januar 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 421'728.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'115'548.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. März 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 376'268.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 421'728.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Dezember 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 278'546.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 376'268.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  8. März 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 226'954.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 278'546.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Dezember 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 201'346.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 226'954.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. Oktober 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 160'588.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 201'346.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Juni 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 132'420.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 160'588.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Februar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 104'250.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 132'420.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 101'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 104'250.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. Juli 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 101'000.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

Alter Communications' plan confirmation gets reversed

BYLINE: by Kelsey Butler

LENGTH: 785 words


A Maryland judge has reversed confirmation of newspaper publisher Alter
Communications Inc.'s reorganization plan, citing issues involving shareholders'
purchase of stock as well as an inability for rival plans to surface.   Judge
Richard D. Bennett of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland in
Baltimore on June 3 reversed the decision and ended the exclusivity period that
had barred other parties from filing plans of their own.   Judge James F.
Schneider confirmed the debtor's plan on Dec. 16.  According to William L.
Hallam of Rosenberg Martin Greenberg LLP, counsel to the debtor's largest
creditor, H.G. Roebuck & Son Inc., the judge "reversed confirmation of [the
debtor's] plan because it gave the pre-bankruptcy shareholders the exclusive
right to own 85% of the stock in the reorganized company at a price selected
without any meaningful marketing to determine what the stock was worth."

Hallam also said that the court confirmed the plan "without allowing creditors
to submit competing plans or to submit competing bids for the stock in the
reorganized company."  Under the previous plan, the company's shareholders were
allowed to purchase 85% of the company's reorganized stock for $34,850, as part
of the company's newly assessed value, court papers said. A certified public
accountant assessed the value of the reorganized debtor at $41,000 at the
confirmation hearing, which would qualify the Buerger family, Alter's
shareholders, to maintain control of the company for that amount.  Court
documents said that Andrew Buerger, Alter's CEO, reached out to 15 potential
buyers and received no interest. The debtor also placed eight advertisements in
various print media outlets soliciting interest in the company between Dec. 1
and Dec. 15, according to court papers.   Bennett said in court papers that the
ads didn't offer sufficient information to qualify as a fair market assessment
of the equity.  According to court documents, all plans affording old equity the
exclusive opportunity to purchase new equity in the reorganized company were not
"doomed," but would just have to be subjected to market valuation.  Alter on
June 9 filed a request for a status conference so that deadlines for the filing
of disclosure statements and objections could be set. As of June 13, a
conference had not yet been scheduled, according to court documents.  "I hope it
will move fairly quickly but I don't have in mind what the court will have for
scheduling," Hallam said.   He noted that H.G. Roebuck will be filing a
reorganization plan in the near future.  In an interview with The Daily Deal on
Monday, June 13, Buerger said Alter will also be filing an amended plan in the
coming weeks.  "Obviously, H.G. Roebuck is going to file a plan and creditors
can decide which one they prefer," Buerger said.  The CEO added that all the
company's publications remain in circulation and will continue to publish
throughout the bankruptcy.  Alter will continue to operate using cash collateral
from secured lenders Wells Fargo Bank NA and shareholders Andrew and Ronnie
Buerger, according to court papers.  Schneider originally granted Alter final
cash collateral use on May 14, 2010. The judge on June 10 extended cash
collateral use through July 2 so that the debtor could fund its operations and
preserve the value of its assets, court papers said.   Alter was founded in
1919, when David Alter began publishing the Baltimore Jewish Times, a newspaper
that reaches 50,000 readers on a weekly basis. The debtor also publishes Style
and Chesapeake Life magazines.   In addition, Alter in 2002 started Alter Custom
Media, a publishing division that provides publication, production, editing, web
design and other services.  The debtor filed for Chapter 11 on April 14, 2010,
due to cash flow issues stemming from ongoing litigation with H.G. Roebuck, its
former printer.   Alter had a 10-year printing contract with H.G. Roebuck that
carried rates that were significantly higher than market value once the economic
downturn began. The debtor asked the printer to adjust t the pricing on its
agreement and defaulted on the contract after the creditor declined.  The
printer sued Alter in February 2009 in Maryland state court for defaulting on
the contract. A judge in that case granted the printer a $326,125 judgment
against Alter and the debtor filed for bankruptcy because it did not have the
money to pay the judgment.  In schedules, the debtor listed $1.02 million in
assets and $1.64 million in liabilities.  Debtor counsel is Alan M. Grochal and
Maria Ellena Chavez-Ruark of Tydings & Rosenberg LLP.   Kevin J. Pascale of
Rosenberg Martin Greenberg is also counsel to H.G. Roebuck.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday

Elks roll; No. 1 Colerain next

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 250 words


Centerville blasted Mason 34-7 in a Division I football playoff opener Saturday
night, setting up second-round regional clash with top-ranked Colerain.

The Elks, ranked No. 3 in the state, got 303 combined rushing yards from Brent
Middleton and Tommy Tamaska on their home field.

Colerain blasted Elder 38-3. The two 11-0 teams will meet next Saturday at 7
p.m. at Miami University's Yager Stadium.

In Division III, Alter and Chaminade-Julienne both won Saturday night, setting
up a rematch of the Knights' hard-fought 21-14 victory over the Eagles last
week. Alter stopped Circleville 21-7 on Saturday while C-J routed Miami Trace
42-14.

Other local prep highlights:

* Middletown's Jeff See defended his Division I boys cross country title while
leading the Middies to the team title at Scioto Downs in Columbus. Troy's Levi
Fox finished second in the 3.1-mile race. In Division II, Alter's Paul Krebs
placed third.

* Alter's girls hoisted the state championship trophy, then found out later
Saturday they'd finished second in the Division II girls cross country finals.
Time chips were switched inadvertently prior to the race, causing a scoring
snafu at the finish line. Freshman Mary Untener paced the Knights with a
13th-place finish.

* Beavercreek's girls soccer team advanced to the Division I state semifinals
with a 1-0 shootout victory over Lakota East. Brittany Skaleski delivered the
winning goal in the shootout. Next up for the Beavers: No. 1 Dublin Coffman on
Wednesday.

MORE HIGH SCHOOLS, C6-C7

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JAY LAPRETE/FOR THE DAYTON DAILY NEWS TROY'S LEVI FOX finished second
in the D-I boys state cross country meet Saturday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Treasurer Edward Alter

                             March 5, 2001, Monday



Although Utah did not authorize or issue any new-money bonds last year, state
Treasurer Edward Alter said that is likely to change in 2001, though it is too
early to how much debt is on the horizon.

Gov. Mike Leavitt has proposed the issuance of $10.5 million in liquor revenue
bonds to finance several new stores for the state's liquor control commission.
He also proposed the sale of $107 million of general obligation highway bonds to
construct a 14-mile section of Legacy Parkway north of Salt Lake City.

Both recommendations were presented to the Legislature as part of Leavitt's
proposed fiscal 2002 budget. Alter said the answer likely will come around March
1, when legislative session ends.

"If the Legislature approves, we'd be looking to sell in June and close in early
July," he said.

The highway project would come on the heels of the completion of a $1.6 billion
program begun in the mid-1990s and expected to be completed this May. That
project, partly financed by $908 million of bonds, was a massive undertaking
that saw every interchange and bridge in the Salt Lake City area rebuilt and the
expansion of major arteries from two lanes in each to direction to up to six,
Alter said.

Because of a "healthy surplus" from last year's budget that would probably be
used for capital projects, Alter said the state would probably not pay for the
construction of new government buildings using bond proceeds this year. The
liquor commission stores are an exception, he said, because the commission uses
its profits to build its facilities.

Alter, who was elected to a sixth term in November, said state officials
continue to be pleased with Utah's variable-rate demand note program. The rates,
which fluctuate weekly, have been as low as 1.65%. The state's outstanding
balance is $358 million, he said.

"We have the option to call the entire amount on short notice, literally every
week," Alter said. "But we keep it outstanding because it's worked so well for
us. We've saved a lot of money."

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: STATE OF THE STATE: FAR WEST: UTAH; Pg. 88

LENGTH: 352 words

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Edward Alter

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                              Guest Immobilien AG;

                               Gewerbestrasse 10
                                   Cham 6330
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  24. Februar 1992
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Urdorf
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Cham

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417414748
TELEFAX: 0417413966

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406456699

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 06.07.1982
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  30. Oktober 2015
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  SHAB 241 (15.12.2003): Kapitalherabstzung
durch Vernichtung von 27'220 Namenaktien zu CHF 50.00. Die Herabsetzung erfolgte
im Betrag von CHF 523'000.00 durch Verechnung mit
 AKTIONÄRE: Weitere Aktien werden von amerikanischen Aktionären
BETEILIGUNGEN: Elchrom Scientific (USA) Inc., USA

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Jörg Wisser
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  St. Georgen (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Dr.jur. Leo Weiss
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich, Nesslau, Stein SG
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er hat noch weitere div. VR-Mandate


NAME:  Dr. Richard E. Blum
ORT:  Walchwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schwyz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.08.1999 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Bruno Bolliger
ORT:  Dietikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.06.l992 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als VR.


NAME:  Dr. Urs Heimgartner
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Augst
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.02.1997 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als VR.


NAME:  Roland Inderbitzin
ORT:  Vaduz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Morschach
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.06.l992 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als VR.



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Hans Walter Schlund
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Aesch b. Birmensdorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Aesch ZH und Zürich
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Ausgeschlagene Verlassenschaft
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  23. Januar 2012
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  29. Juni 2012; Schluss
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 19.01.1998 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in.

NAME:  Adrian Hugo Teuscher
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Schindellegi
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Thun, Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Ausgeschieden als Direktor am 21.06.2002 und neu eingetragenam
24.07.2008.


NAME:  Jakob Trochsler
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Aesch
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.08.1993 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in.


NAME:  Jörg Wisser
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  St. Georgen (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Dr. Branko Kozulic
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Kroatien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 30.09.1998 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als VR.

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Maria Claus
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Rotkreuz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelprokura
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Ruth Kappeler
ORT:  Emmenbrücke
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hildisrieden
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.08.1997 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.
Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied.


NAME:  Amerigo Montefiori
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Rotkreuz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelprokura
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Unter den Erwartungen
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
68320 - Verwaltung von Grundstücken, Gebäuden und Wohnungen für Dritte

   Halten und Verwalten von sowie Handel mit Liegenschaften; kann sich an
anderen Unternehmen beteiligen sowie Unternehmen erwerben oder errichten.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.40
2015                   CHF 1.50
2014                   CHF 1.50
2013                   CHF 1.50
2006                   CHF 2.50

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Dr. Branko Kozulic
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Kroatien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 30.09.1998 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als VR.

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Guest Scientific AG
ORT:  Cham
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. April 2006
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 400'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  UBG Unternehmensberatungs- und Treuhandgesellschaft AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juli 1988
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 25.05.2009
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Angaben über Grundeigentum sind nicht erhältlich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100 % liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  500'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. Dezember 2003
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'861'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. Februar 1994
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'750'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'861'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Dezember 1992
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'750'000.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  21. April 1994
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 942'017.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 831'017.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 111'000.00

FUSIONDATUM:  5. Juni 1992
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 0.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 0.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 0.00
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  Uebernahme sämtlicher Aktiven und Passiven.


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  4. April 2006
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Guest Scientific AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Guest Immobilien AG

DATUM:  24. August 1999
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Guest Elchrom Scientific AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Guest Scientific AG


DATUM:  21. April 1994
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Guest Medical AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Guest Elchrom Scientific AG


DATUM:  7. Juli 1992
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Inter-Orbis Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Guest Medical AG


DATUM:  24. Februar 1992
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Inter-Orbis Handel AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Inter-Orbis Holding AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 20, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Councilwoman Sues on District Boundaries

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 203 words


Councilwoman Susan D. Alter of Brooklyn went to court yesterday to challenge the
new City Council boundaries, asserting that she was discriminated against
because she is white.

In her suit, filed in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, Ms. Alter charged
thatthe Districting Commission, which created the new lines, "deliberately and
intentionally" excluded her from predominantly minority districts and placed her
in a predominantly white district. She said the result was a violation of the
Constitution, which provides for equal protection under the law.

The old district represented by Ms. Alter, a Councilwoman for 14 years, included
Flatbush and East Flatbush and was 82 percent black and Hispanic. In her new
district, in which she is pitted against a Council incumbent, Noach Dear,
three-quarters of the residents are white. The new district includes Flatbush,
Borough Park, Bensonhurst and Midwood.

The suit was the first filed by a Council incumbent against the districting
plan, which has been submitted to the Justice Department for approval before the
November election. That election, expanding the Council to 51 members from 35,
is intended to increase the number of minority members.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            March 16, 2006 Thursday

Baltimore-based publishing company adds two specialized publications to its
roster

BYLINE: Kara Kridler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 491  words


A Baltimore-based publishing company is growing its roster with the addition of
two specialized publications: an upscale quarterly magazine dedicated to
shopping; and the pending launch of a weekly newspaper targeting Baltimore's
Orthodox Jewish community.Alter Communications recently became co-owner of Paper
Doll, a shopping magazine launched by Baltimore resident Susan Dunn last fall.
Meanwhile, the publishing company has also been developing plans to start the
Baltimore Orthodox Times this spring.The company is primarily known as the
publisher of the Baltimore Jewish Times, Style and Chesapeake Life magazines. It
also operates a full-service custom publishing division.

"This is a very busy and exciting time for us," said Andrew Buerger, chief
executive of Alter Communications. Buerger's great-grandfather, David Alter,
founded Alter Communications in 1919. Alter's custom publishing division has
produced Paper Doll since the magazine was launched in September. Under the new
agreement, Alter will handle all business aspects for the quarterly publication
including advertising sales, distribution and production, Buerger said.Dunn will
continue as Paper Doll's editor-in-chief and manage all editorial matters. The
magazine has about 15,000 subscribers in Greater Baltimore, and the magazine
targets shopping experiences in the area.Dunn could not be reached for comment
yesterday. "Paper Doll is a great publication," Buerger said. "[Dunn] did a
fabulous job of retaining a strong product visually, as well as its features and
packaging. "It was really the perfect marriage for us. She has the vision and we
have the business experience. "With the addition of Paper Doll, Alter will have
an opportunity to reach a slightly different demographic. "Its readers are a
little younger than Style's," Buerger said. "And it is really geared toward
shopping. We do well with shopping in Style but this does better. "In the
meantime, Alter is gearing up for the launch of the Baltimore Orthodox Times in
May. "It's something we feel is needed in the community," Buerger said. "There
is a certain segment of the Jewish community here that is more religious and
more right-winged ... that does not read the Jewish Times. I would say 75
percent of the Jewish community in Baltimore reads the Jewish Times and we are
trying to reach that other 25 percent with" the Baltimore Orthodox Times.The
tabloid-size weekly newspaper will be delivered free to religious neighborhoods,
which are mainly concentrated in the Pikesville and Upper Park Heights areas of
Baltimore county and city, he said. Buerger expects an initial circulation of
about 5,000 with a mix of home deliveries and drop-offs at synagogues and
businesses. Alter also recently launched an online job board,
www.jewishcareers.com, as a device for people, including rabbis and teachers,
looking for jobs in the Jewish nonprofit industry. The site already has nearly
300 jobs posted. </p>

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Mergers and acquisitions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Hawaii: China's Largest Construction Firm Working With Saipan Casino Developer

LENGTH: 486  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The biggest construction firm in China is on Saipan and working with Alter City.

Alter City Group executive vice president Ken Lin told Variety that three
Chinese construction firms arrived on Saipan with them including China's largest
construction firm which he called China Construction Group.

On Tuesday, Alter City officials met with the visiting construction firms,
William Hofschneider Consulting Engineering, and other local experts to discuss
details of their plan relating to the integrated resort to be built at Puntan
Diablo on Tinian.

William Hofchneider told Variety that they are "refining the master plan."

Lin said they will start filing their applications with the Bureau of
Environmental and Coastal Quality beginning in March.

"We have been talking with various construction companies about assisting us and
we are learning about local law and regulations," he said.

Hofschneider said that they are also working with APEC here and on Guam as well.

As for the archaeological work, Hofschneider said they will be retaining the
services of PCSI out of Honolulu.

Lin said the same group of construction and engineering people will be working
with them on the renovation of the Alter City Group Building across from the
Bank of Saipan in Garapan.

Alter City Group acquired the Family Building in December on a 55-year-lease.

For Alter City, this shows their commitment to remaining invested in the CNMI.

Rather than touting what else they plan to do on Tinian, or elsewhere in the
Northern Marianas, they did something concrete. Lin told Variety, "Seeing is
believing."

He said they will buckle down to work and prove that they are serious about
their investments here.

As to their lease of 155 hectares of public land at Puntan Diablo, Lin said
following clearance from the regulatory agencies, they will focus their work on
Phase I of the project which covers roughly about 150,000 sq. m. for
construction.

When asked about the price tag for the project, Lin declined to offer specifics.

But he did say the first phase of the construction alone would require "a lot of
money."

He acknowledged, however, that there are hurdles to be overcome as they
anticipate facing labor, construction and basic infrastructure issues.

They will need a huge labor force given the massive project they intend to
undertake.

The site itself on Tinian is a challenge as it is "virgin land."

He said they will be needing electricity, water, sewage, and backup generators,
among other things.

"That is something that we are also working closely with the local engineers and
international experts to find out about," he said before he joined the rest of
the ACG officials on Tuesday for a meeting with the construction firms at the
ACG Building.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday

Bexley eliminates Alter in second OT, 1-0;
Despite a couple of great early chances, Knights exit tourney with 11-2-7
record.

BYLINE: By Marc Katz Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 294 words


FAIRBORN - A full moon, a slightly muddy field, some frost on the pumpkin and
two excellent high school soccer teams were enough to lure about 300 hearty
souls to a regional semifinal Division II game Tuesday, Nov. 3, and they were
rewarded for their attendance.

Two determined teams battled into a second overtime before Bexley senior Ross
Friedman whipped his leg into a header from teammate Eric Hollis from just
inside the penalty area with 13:07 left to play in the second 15-minute
overtime, beating Alter 1-0.

Bexley will play Carroll in the regional final Saturday at Hilliard.

"Someone has to win, someone has to lose," said a stoic Bob "Wiz" Ellis, the
Alter coach, whose team finished at 11-2-7. "It was a 0-0 game. We've got
nothing to be ashamed of."

Early on, Alter carried the play over the group from suburban Columbus, and
within the first four minutes, had two excellent shots on goal. Timmy McCarthy's
sent just wide right and Alex Fiehrer's sailed just over the net.

After that, both sides had their chances, but neither could find the goal and a
first 15-minute overtime was ordered.

It was in the first overtime Bexley, now 16-2-2, began to carry the play a
little more, although a shot by Alter just cleared the cross bar as time
expired. In the second overtime, Alter appeared a little tired.

"Our thinking was, we've got to find a way to get a goal," Bexley coach Greg
Kullman said. "Ross is fast, he's a captain and a leader on this team."

Bexley also appreared to have a more upperclass group, while Alter's lineup
included four sophomores.

Ellis said his teams have faced Bexley twice before and won - the last time in
overtime.

"We've been here before," Ellis said, "but they've got a great team, too. We
can't walk out of here with our heads down."

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Sky willing to take a chance with Stocks

BYLINE: By Patricia Babcock McGraw pbabcock@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 331 words


Winning a championship gives a player credibility, panache.

It does the same thing for a coach.

It's certainly one of the reasons Michael Alter was attracted to Amber Stocks.
When the Chicago Sky owner began to look for a new head coach last month, he put
championship experience near the top of his wish list.

Stocks was an assistant coach last season for the Los Angeles Sparks, who won
the 2016 WNBA championship after winning just 14 of 34 games in the previous
season.

On Tuesday, Alter introduced Stocks as the Sky's new head coach, replacing Pokey
Chatman, who was not retained after six seasons in Chicago.

"We are extremely excited to hand over the leadership of the team to Amber,"
Alter said. "(She) brings a youthful, positive energy along with a wealth of
basketball knowledge.

"She brings essential experience from assisting the evolution of the Los Angeles
Sparks from contenders to champions."

Stocks, who played college ball at Cincinnati and got her most extensive
coaching experience as an assistant at Xavier for seven seasons, is excited for
a homecoming of sorts.

"As a native of the Midwest, I feel fortunate to return to the region with my
family," Stocks said. "I look forward to sharing my passion for basketball with
this talented team of true professionals. I am excited to build on the recent
momentum and grow our team's success."

Stocks has no head coaching experience, and that fact was not lost on Alter. But
as he got to know Stocks more, he worried about that less.

"Amber certainly started out as a longshot," Alter said. "But the first time I
spoke with her and as she moved through the process she continued to stand out
and impress us and her star just kept rising and rising.

"Any time you make a hire, there's a risk involved and certainly this is the
case here (due to Stocks' lack of head coaching experience), but it's a risk
that we're extremely comfortable with. We have a very strong belief in Amber and
think she is a perfect candidate for our team."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             October 9, 2011 Sunday

Zimmerman goal gives Knights win

BYLINE: Staff reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 366 words


Joe Zimmerman scored a goal off a pass from Daniel Yuhas to give the Alter High
School boys soccer team a 1-0 win over La Sal-le on Saturday.

It was the 14th goal of the season for Zimmerman and his 35th point. Zimmerman
led the Greater Catholic League in points heading into the game.

Alter is ranked sixth in the Division II state poll. The Knights will finish
their regular season this week against Cincinnati McNicholas on Tuesday and at
No. 1-ranked Carroll on Thursday.

Dayton Christian 4, CHCA 1: Alex Lupinek had two goals for Dayton Christian,
which won its 10th game of the season.

Joshua Alexander had two assists for the Warriors, who are ranked eighth in the
Division III state poll.

Vandalia 2, Chaminade Julienne 1: The game was tied at halftime. Senior Zenus
Franklin scored the winning goal with three minutes left.

Keegan Burgmeier had a goal for Vandalia. Christian Knight scored for CJ.

Beavercreek 4, Walnut Hills 0: Matt Carnes had two goals while Jacob Butman had
a goal and an assist for Beavercreek. Carnes leads the Greater Western Ohio
Conference with 21 goals.

The Beavers, ranked second in the Division I state poll, have 11 shutouts.

Girls soccer

Alter 3, Greeneview 0: Sophomore Avalee Hagerty scored all three goals for Alter
. Freshman Abbey Helm had three saves.

It was the eighth shutout for Alter, which is ranked No. 6 in the Division II
state poll.

Beavercreek 8, Graham 0: Micaela Powers had two goals and two assists for the
Beavers, who are ranked sixth in the Division I state poll.

Wayne 1, Troy 0: Kelsey Lipscomb scored the winner off an assist from Alexa
Edwards.

Goalie Josie Mason had seven saves for Wayne.

Vandalia 1, CJ 0: Emily Mow-bray's early goal in the second half was the winner.

Stivers 3, Middletown Christian 1: Senior Paige Stoermer scored three goals for
her first career hat trick.

Lebanon 2, Kings 1: Morgan Gibson and Alyssa Plowman scored for Lebanon, which
won its eighth game.

Cross country

Centerville Stampede: Stephanie Mee of Miamisburg took first in the girls open
division individual standings with a time of 21: 20.28. Tabitha Nolan of West
Carrollton was third.

Oakwood was first in the boys black division while Bellbrook won the girls
black.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Alter corrals state crown;
Knights top DeSales 3-2 for fourth of the past five Division II titles.;
BOYS VOLLEYBALL

BYLINE: By DebbieJuniewicz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 473 words


COLUMBUS - Alter coach Craig Erford was true to his word.

"At the beginning of the season, I told them it wasn't going to be easy but it
would be worth it," he said.

The Knights coach was right on both counts as Alter made it two in a row with a
3-2 win (26-24, 20-25, 20-25, 29-27, 15-12) over DeSales in the Ohio High School
Boys Volleyball Association Division II State Championship Sunday at Capital
University.

The Knights have won four of the past five D-II state titles.

Alter set the tone early, leading by as many as eight points in the opening set.
But the Stallions, making their second state appearance, fought back, evening
the contest at 22-22 before the Knights closed it out.

DeSales quickly wrestled away and maintained the momentum for the next two sets
in front of a crowd largely clad in the Stallions purple and white.

"DeSales is a great team and we knew it wouldn't be easy," Alter outside hitter
Matt Vandenbrock said. "We knew they'd be going to (Evan) Feltz. You can't
really stop him. We just tried to contain him."

Feltz led the Stallions with 30 kills while Vandenbrock did the same for the
Knights with 34 kills - adding 18 digs and nine blocks.

"These guys just kept fighting back," Erford said.

It was a team effort for the 22-3 Knights with setter Michael Von Der Vellen
posting 60 assists and 21 digs, and middle blocker Matt Mancz adding 18 kills
and 11 blocks.

? Division I: While a championship eluded them, the Beavercreek Beavers still
made history by making their first appearance in the D-I state championship
match.

Hilliard Darby edged out Beavercreek 3-2 (27-25, 20-25, 20-25, 25-21, 15-12)
Sunday to claim their second state title in the past three years.

"At the beginning of the season, I don't think anyone thought we would be here
today," Beavercreek coach Carol Bysak said.

It was the tournament-tested Beavers' second five-set match of the day. Down two
sets and facing match point against the third-ranked team in the state,
Beavercreek battled back to an improbable 22-25, 19-25, 31-29, 25-21, 15-5
semifinal win over Moeller in the morning.

"We went into every timeout and said 'do what we do,'" Bysak said. "We weren't
talking about winning the match, we were talking about winning the next point."

The Beavers fought off the Crusaders' match point, 24-23, stealing the momentum
with a 31-29 third-set win.

The Elks didn't fare as well in the other D-I semifinal match as Centerville
fell to eventual state champion Darby in straight sets, 25-22, 25-18, 25-18.

? Net notes: The 2015 state championship marked the first time since 2002 that a
Greater Catholic League team was not playing for a D-I state championship. The
Cincinnati conference has been so dominant that in eight of the past 12 years,
GCL teams battled each other for the D-I title.

Contact this contributing writer at

djuniewicz@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

Court to weigh competing plans for Baltimore Jewish Times

BYLINE: Andy Marso

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 503  words


A bankruptcy judge will begin hearing arguments Tuesday from Baltimore Jewish
Times owner Alter Communications Inc. and its former printer, H.G. Roebuck & Son
Inc., to decide whose vision for the future of the company will prevail.

Alter filed a Chapter 11 petition in April 2010 after its printer sued for
breach of contract and won a judgment of $362,000. The bankruptcy filing listed
nearly twice that amount, $650,000, in debts.

Last December the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved Alter's plan, but Roebuck
challenged the plan, questioning whether it was in the best interest of Alter's
creditors.

That set up Tuesday's courtroom clash between the two local, family-owned
companies, both of which were established in 1919.

"It's out of my hands now and it's in the hands of the judge," Alter owner
Andrew A. Buerger said Friday. "We're certainly anxious to put it behind us and
hopeful that the company will be allowed to stay in the family. "

Neither Roebuck nor his attorney, William L. Hallam at Rosenberg | Martin |
Greenberg LLP, returned calls for comment last week.

Lawrence D. Coppel, who is not involved in the case but chairs the bankruptcy
and reorganization group at Gordon, Feinblatt, Rothman, Hoffberger & Hollander
LLC, said it was rare to have two competing bankruptcy plans in a Chapter 11
case, but the hearing itself should be straightforward.

"Ultimately, each side is going to present evidence in support of its plan, and
argue why its plan is better than the other party's plan," Coppel said.

The arguments will be presented to Judge James F. Schneider, who approved
Alter's bankruptcy blueprint in December before Roebuck appealed it to the U.S.
District Court. There, Judge Richard D. Bennett sent the matter back to
Schneider for a new hearing.

Under Roebuck's plan, the printer would take control of the publishing company.
In addition to the weekly Jewish Times, which has a paid circulation of nearly
50,000 according to its website, Alter also publishes STYLE magazine and
Chesapeake Life magazine.

Under the plan approved in December, operations at Alter would continue under
the family's control and creditors would receive 85 percent of the company's net
revenue over a four-year period.

Alter's attorney, Alan Grochal of Tydings & Rosenberg LLC, said the company had
"between 12 and 15" creditors besides Roebuck who had been given the option to
weigh in on both bankruptcy plans. The results of their votes, cast this month,
will be discussed during the hearing.

"You could have a situation where both plans are confirmed - meaning they both
meet the statutory requirements," Grochal said. "At the end of the day, the case
law is clear that the judge makes the decision. "

Grochal said he expects the hearing to last at least two days and agreed with
Coppel on the uncommon nature of the circumstances.

"It certainly is unusual," Grochal said. "I haven't been doing this stuff as
long as Larry, but only a few years less, and I've only been involved in one or
two where there were competing plans. "

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday

Alter pressure cracks Big Walnut;
The Knights intercept four passes in a shutout that earns them a berth in the
state semifinals.

BYLINE: By Ron Jackson Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 376 words


HILLIARD - Sunbury Big Walnut discovered there aren't many chinks in the Alter
Knights' armor.

Alter remained unscathed on the season (13-0), notching its third postseason
shutout in a row, 28-0 in the Division IIIRegion 10 final before a crowd of
3,000 at the Hilliard Davidson Sports Complex.

More importantly, the state's No. 2-ranked team advances to the state semifinals
next Saturday at a site to be determined by the state today. Alter will play
unranked New Albany (9-4), a team that lost to Big Walnut 10-6 last month. Both
are members of the Ohio Capital Conference.

An impenetrable defense and an efficient wishbone attack were the key
ingredients once again, but Alter added another spice to the recipe - thievery
in the secondary. The ball-hawking Knights produced four interceptions,
including two by Jeff Laumann.

"Our defensive pressure made their quarterback (Ethan Wetzel) run for his life
all afternoon and forced him to make passes he didn't want to make," said
Laumann, who added a 28-yard punt return that also set up a score. "When he
scrambled, I made the right jump and breaks on the ball. I recognized their
routes immediately thanks to our scouting reports."

Tony Lima and Tony Boyle also added picks against 10-3 Big Walnut. Wetzel
completed only 5 of 13 for 41 yards. The Golden Eagles mustered only 13 yards on
21 carries against Alter's "Brown Hole" defense (allowing only six points a
game).

"Alter wore us down with their two-platoon system," said Walnut coach Scott
Wetzel, who fields six two-way players on his sophomore-laden roster. "They
created turnovers with their fast, physical defense that flies to the football.
They showed us why they're at the elite level state-wide."

Sparking the balanced wishbone attack was junior fullback Corey Roark (15
carries for 73 yards and a touchdown). His older brother Chris Roark added 68
yards on eight carries and Michael Shaw had 50 yards on 13 attempts. Both
halfbacks produced touchdowns.

"We have a lot of things to be thankful for - the opportunity to still be
playing in Week 14 and pretty much a healthy roster," said Alter head coach Ed
Domsitz, whose school is making its fifth appearance in the final four.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2478 or rjackson@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Jeff Laumann (right) intercepts a ball intended for Big
Walnut's Joe Reed during the second quarter of Saturday's Division III football
regional final at Hilliard Davidson High School in Hilliard. The Knights
defeated the Golden Eagles, 28-0. Associated Press photo by Paul Vernon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                Tecan Group AG;

                                 Seestrasse 103
                                 Männedorf 8708
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  8. Mai 2001
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Hombrechtikon, Feldbachstr.80
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Männedorf, Seestr. 103

DATUM:  13. März 1990
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Hombrechtikon Landhaus Holgass
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Hombrechtikon, Feldbachstr. 80

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0449228888
INTERNET: www.tecan.com
E-MAIL: info@tecan.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406565595

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1980
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 22.01.1986
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 01


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  27. April 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  HR 07.06.99: Die Bestimmung über die
Sacheinlage bei der Gründung ist aus den Statuten gestrichen worden.
 WEITERE BETEILIGUNG(EN): diverse im Ausland
WEITERE AKTIONÄRE: Streubeseitz
SIX: Das Unternehmen ist börsenkotiert

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Oliver S. Fetzer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Needham (MA/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Heinrich Fischer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Rüschlikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Büron


NAME:  Lars Erik Holmqvist
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Västra Frölunda (SE)
LAND:  Schweden
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweden


NAME:  Dr. Karen Jane Hübscher
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Rheinfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dottikon


NAME:  Christa Anny Kreuzburg
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Duisburg (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Gerard Vaillant
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Fort Lauderdale (FL/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Rolf Classon
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Martinsville (NJ/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweden


NAME:  Timothy B. Anderson
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.05.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  lic.oec.HS Günter Bauer
ORT:  Oberägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.05.01 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Cleto De Pedrini
ORT:  Thalwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Arvigo
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.05.09 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Hans Kummer
ORT:  Meggen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Etziken
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.10.03 ist
er/sie infolge Todes ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Prof. Armin Seiler
ORT:  Greppen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Niederwil AG
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.05.09 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Emile Sutcliffe
ORT:  Uetikon am See
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.08.03 ist
seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen. ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Heinz Norbert von Prondzynski
ORT:  Einsiedeln
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.04.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dominique F. Baly
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Boston (MA/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dr. Lukas Braunschweiler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Risch
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  IllnauEffretikon


NAME:  Dr. Jürg Meier
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Innsbruck
LAND:  Oesterreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Winterthur


NAME:  Dr.phys. Peter Ryser
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Morges
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dürrenroth


NAME:  Erik Johan Lennart Walldén
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Uppsala (SE)
LAND:  Schweden
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweden


NAME:  Mihran Baronian
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Toffen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wileroltigen BE
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
14.05.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  APG Algemene Pensioen Groep N.V.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Niederlande
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  BlackRock Inc.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Chase Nominees Ltd
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Grossbritannien
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Credit Suisse Funds AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Mai 1984
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Beteiligung unter 3%


NAME:  ING Groep N.V.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Niederlande
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Pictet Asset Management SA
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. November 1996
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 21'000'000.00


NAME:  UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Dezember 1959
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Tecan Sales Switzerland AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. November 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00


NAME:  Tecan Schweiz AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  6. Juni 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00


NAME:  Tecan Trading AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. April 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 300'000.00


NAME:  SIAS AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Hombrechtikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. Februar 1999
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'113'000.00


GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  David Roy Martyr
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Feusisberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Ing. Thomas Bachmann
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Zollikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Buchholterberg


NAME:  Dr. ing. Aitor Galdos
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Triesen FL
LAND:  Liechtenstein
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 21.01.05 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen. ist er/sie
ausgeschieden.


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  TECAN GRUPPE
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Andrea Maria Beccari
ORT:  Freienbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien

NAME:  Rudolf Eugster
ORT:  Uetikon am See
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Altstätten SG


NAME:  Klaus Lun
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Stefan Günter Traeger
ORT:  Feusisberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Beat Utzinger
ORT:  Bachenbülach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bachenbülach


NAME:  Andreas Wilhelm
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Uetikon am See
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ipsach


NAME:  Ing. Jörg Borer
ORT:  Widen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kleinlützel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
06.06.06 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Reto Brun
ORT:  Merenschwand
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Littau, Romoos
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
06.06.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  lic.jur. Dieter Buser
ORT:  Magden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel, Läufelfingen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
17.02.09 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  lic.oec.HSG Gion Camenisch
ORT:  Romanshorn
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bonaduz


NAME:  Jürg Dübendorfer
ORT:  Wetzikon ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bassersdorf


NAME:  Martin Dubs
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich, Aesch b. Birmensdorf ZH
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
06.06.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Matthias Düchting
ORT:  Stäfa
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Hansruedi Eggler
ORT:  Jona
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wollerau
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
06.06.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Bernhard Grob
ORT:  Gossau ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Neckertal SG


NAME:  Christopher Hanan
ORT:  Zumikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zumikon


NAME:  Josef Kälin
ORT:  Stäfa
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Einsiedeln
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
12.02.03 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Sarah Kreienbühl
ORT:  Schindellegi
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Realp
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.10.04 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Bruno Portmann
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Emmen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
13.07.07 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Charles Reber
ORT:  Aarau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schangnau


NAME:  Matthew Simon Ernest Robin
ORT:  Liestal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Disentis/Mustér


NAME:  Franz Rutzer
ORT:  Widen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Flums SG
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
01.09.04 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Michael Thüler
ORT:  Diepoldsau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Landiswil BE
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
23.08.05 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Jan Timmers
ORT:  Breda
LAND:  Niederlande
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland


NAME:  Frédéric C.P.M. Vanderhaegen
ORT:  Anif
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Belgien


NAME:  Günter Karl Weisshaar
ORT:  Benken ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dietlikon


NAME:  lic.oec. Markus Zürni
ORT:  Uster
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel, Laufenburg
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
06.06.06 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Halten von Beteiligungen an Unternehmen der "Tecan"-Gruppe

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften

   Erwerb, Finanzierung und Verwaltung von Beteiligungen im In- und Ausland;
kann Kredite gewähren und Kapitalien verwalten, Lizenzen und andere
Immaterialgüterrechte erwerben und verwerten sowie Grundstücke erwerben,
verwalten und veräussern.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 23.00
2015                  CHF 25.02
2014                  CHF 52.02
2013                  CHF 22.53
2012                  CHF 13.22
2011                  CHF 42.05
2010                  CHF 55.82
2009                  CHF 90.28
2008                  CHF 70.70

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  APG Algemene Pensioen Groep N.V.
LAND:  Niederlande
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  BlackRock Inc.
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Chase Nominees Ltd
LAND:  Grossbritannien
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Credit Suisse Funds AG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Mai 1984
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Beteiligung unter 3%


NAME:  ING Groep N.V.
LAND:  Niederlande
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Pictet Asset Management SA
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. November 1996
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 21'000'000.00


NAME:  UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Dezember 1959
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Tecan Sales Switzerland AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. November 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00


NAME:  Tecan Schweiz AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  6. Juni 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00


NAME:  Tecan Trading AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. April 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 300'000.00


NAME:  SIAS AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Hombrechtikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. Februar 1999
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'113'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Dezember 1998

NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Die Angaben über Grundeigentum beschränken sich auf
das Domizil.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'146'757.70
LIBIERUNG:  1'146'757.70 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  11'467'577
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. März 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'144'457.60
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'146'757.70

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. März 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'143'673.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'144'457.60


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. März 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'141'259.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'143'673.50


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  2. März 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'138'603.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'141'259.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. August 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'208'282.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'138'603.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Juli 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'643'109.55
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'207'838.10


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  31. März 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'603'083.85
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'643'109.55


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Juli 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 12'005'607.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'603'083.85


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. März 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'891'823.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 12'005'607.00
BEMERKUNG ZU KAPITALÄNDERUNG:  Bei der Gründung betrug das Grundkapital SFr. 1.3
Mio.


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  25. Juni 1993
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 0.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 0.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 0.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  6. Juni 2000
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Tecan AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Tecan Group AG

DATUM:  25. Juni 1993
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Tecan Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Tecan AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                             Global Steel Dust SA;

                             avenue de la Rasude 2
                                 Lausanne 1006
                              Schweiz/Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0216016303
TELEFAX: 0216016302
INTERNET: www.globalsteeldust.com
E-MAIL: information@globalsteeldust.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 420853772

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 29.11.2010
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 03


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  7. Juni 2016
 AKTIONÄRE: 10% détenus par la banque Macquarie (Australie)
ZWEIGNIEDERL.: es bestehen keine
FILIALE(N): USA , Thailande, Arabie Saoudite, Korée
RAYON D'ACTIVITÉ: International

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Maxime Arnaud
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

NAME:  Thomas B. Gaffney
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Tetbury
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Gary Stein
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Houston
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Morris Robinson
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Houston
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Maxime Arnaud
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Eduardo Alverde Villarreal
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  San Pedro Garza Garcia (Mexique)
LAND:  Mexiko
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Mexiko


NAME:  Maxime Arnaud
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Jeffrey Hepper
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Houston (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Maxime Arnaud
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

NAME:  Maxime Arnaud
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Global Steel Dust Ltd (GSD) est une société privée axée sur le recyclage des
déchets dangereux four à arc électrique (EAF) de la poussière en utilisant la
dernière technologie Waelz Kiln. Deux personnes à Lausanne.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
46720 - Grosshandel mit Erzen, Metallen und Metallhalbzeug

   L'acquisition, l'administration, la gestion de participations, en particulier
dans le domaine du recyclage des métaux; le commerce et le négoce de matières
premières, notamment de métaux, de poussières et autres déchets d'aciéries ainsi
que d'oxyde de Waëlz et autres sous-produits; la prestation de tous services en
rapport direct ou indirect avec son but (pour but complet cf. statuts).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 2.40

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young SA
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  18. Januar 1999

NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Av. de la Rasude 2, 1006 Lausann
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'787'650.00
LIBIERUNG:  7'787'650.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  155'753
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 50.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. April 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'768'950.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'787'650.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  30. September 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'716'100.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'768'950.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Juni 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'944'450.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'716'100.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. Juli 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'250'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'944'450.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. Juli 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'450'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'250'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. Juni 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'950'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'450'000.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 2, 2012 Saturday

Alter relay stays in step, finishing second;
GIRLS STATE TRACK

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 392 words


COLUMBUS - Alter's odd/even years of winning the state Division II 3,200-meter
relay and placing second remains intact.

"Yes it is; sadly," said super senior Olivia Albers at Friday's high school
state track and field meet.

Sophomore Alex Groene made up most of a 30-meter deficit in the Knights' third
leg, but Albers couldn't close on Akron St. Vincent St. Mary anchor Tessa
Weigand. The Knights were second (9:25.42).

Alter has been the state runner-up in this relay in 2008, '10 and '12. The
Knights won the state race in 2007, '09 and '11.

Austin Borton and Kyly Borton were other relay members. Albers and Austin Borton
helped the Knights qualify their 1,600 relay for today's finals. Albers adds the
1,600 today and Borton the 800.

Albers will run track and cross country at the University of Dayton.

The meet concludes today at Ohio State University's Jesse Owens Memorial
Stadium.

* Versailles had almost as good a start as hoped for by placing second in the
D-III 3,200 relay.

The Tigers (9:28.13), were anchored by OSU-bound senior Tammy Berger. Last year
Versailles was second to Steubenville Catholic Central in the DIII team
standings, 41-37.

"At Versailles it's all about team," said Berger, who made up nearly a 30-meter
deficit on her anchor leg before fading.

"Every point counts, and for a second place, that's eight valuable points."

Joining Berger on the relay were Chloe Warvel, Natalie Grillot and Hannah Wenig.

Minster was fifth (9:41.06).

The 3,200 relay was the only running final in all three divisions.

* Chaminade Julienne's shot at a D-II team title took a hit when its 400 relay
dropped a baton and finished last in its heat.

That was the same fate its 800 relay endured at the regional.

"I was really worried about that," said senior Cierra Brown.

Instead, Brown will carry the Eagles' best individual hopes after sweeping her
100 (14.54) and 300 (44.32) hurdles heats. Camille Dickens also won her 100
hurdles heat (14.75).

* In D-I, Lebanon was sixth in the 3,200 relay. Also, Meadow-dale's Oksana
Lawrence (400) and Troy's 800 relay qualified for the finals.

* Leah Dunivan pulled off a rare double. The Miami East junior was fourth in the
D-III high jump (5-4) and sixth in the shot put (38-3).

* Fairlawn's Olivia Cummings was third in the D-III shot put (39-11?).

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2381 or mpendleton@DaytonDaily News.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 9, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Lack of Compliance Plagues Lobbying Law

BYLINE: By BRUCE LAMBERT

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 33, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 684 words


New York City's new lobbying law, which took effect this year as an
anti-corruption safeguard, is encountering problems.

The law was passed last year by the City Council and requires lobbyists who
receive $2,000 or more in fees to file with the City Clerk's office detailed
quarterly reports on their clients, fees and lobbying activities.

Councilwoman Susan D. Alter, Democrat of Brooklyn, who has studied the law,
charged that some prominent law firms involved in lobbying have failed to file
the required reports, or have filed them late or incomplete. City Clerk Carlos
Cuevas, who administers the law, acknowledged that some lobbyists were
delinquent and that they had complained of difficulties in interpreting the law.
After consulting with city lawyers on 90 questions raised by lobbyists, his
office mailed out advisory opinions July 24.

The law generally covers paid agents of special interests who try to persuade
city officials on matters ranging from contracts to rezonings.

A prime example of non-compliance cited by Councilwoman Alter was by the law
firm of Brown & Wood, a major lobbyist that registered as representing 80
clients, but that had not yet filed its detailed financial and activity reports
for the first and second quarters of this year. Brown & Wood is of particular
note because its lead lobbyist is John E. Zuccotti, who was a Deputy Mayor in
the administration of Mayor Abraham D. Beame, and because of the firm's clients.
They include the United States Postal Service's real-estate division, W.R. Grace
& Co., the United Parcel Service, and some of New York City's major developers -
the Zeckendorf Company, Boston Properties and Olympia & York.

Brown & Wood was one of 16 among the 63 registered lobbying firms in the city
that filed their reports late, missing the April 15 and July 15 deadlines,
according to Councilwoman Alter's staff.

Lawyers at Brown & Wood and some other firms complained that they had trouble
interpreting the law and receiving clarification from the city.

Mr. Cuevas said he had urged lobbyists to file their forms, even if incomplete,
and amend them later.

Firm Expects to Comply

A partner in Brown & Wood, Shelly S. Friedman, said the firm will comply but not
''until we know 100 percent what to do.''

''I would hope we could make a complete filing in the next few weeks,'' he
added. ''The trouble we are having is the definition of lobbying activities.''

The study also found that 12 other registered lobbyists did not file on the
ground that they did not receive $2,000 in fees. Five more lobbyists filed
reports for some clients but omitted clients who paid less than $2,000.

Ms. Alter said these lobbyists had misinterpreted the law as requiring a report
on a client only when $2,000 or more is received from that individual client.
But the City Corporation Counsel's chief counsel, Jeffrey D. Friedlander, said
in an interview that he agreed with Ms. Alter that any lobbyist receiving a
total of $2,000 or more in fees must list information on all clients.

Violators of the law are subject to criminal and civil penalties, although no
enforcement proceedings are known to have begun.

Councilwoman Alter said that the filings for the first quarter, even though they
were incomplete, totaled nearly $1 million in fees. The top lobbyist by income
was the public relations company of Howard J. Rubenstein, which reported
$186,000 in fees. A close second was the law firm of Shea & Gould at 183,578.
Ms. Alter's study indicated no irregularites in their filings.

Another issue is Ms. Alter's contention that some firms failed to list
information for relatively inactive clients. On this point, she cited Stein,
Davidoff & Malito, a law firm that includes Sid Davidoff, who was an assistant
to Mayor John V. Lindsay, and Lord, Day & Lord, which includes a former Parks
Commissioner, Gordon Davis.

Mr. Davis declined to comment, but Mr. Davidoff said the four clients omitted
from his firm's filing paid no fees and had no lobbying activity during the
filing period. He said his firm would amend its report if necessary.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 14, 2005 Monday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Alter blasts his rivals in the race for a seat in state senate Attacks change
the tone of the special election

BYLINE: BY MATTHEW HATHAWAY Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 692 words


Bill Alter, the Republican candidate in Jefferson County's four-way race to
succeed Steve Stoll in the Missouri Senate, went on the attack last week. He
accused Rep. Rick Johnson, D-High Ridge, of shirking his legislative duties, and
he blasted Rep. Harold Selby, D-Cedar Hill, for casting the sole vote against a
massive appropriations bill funding education and social programs.

The Alter campaign also began airing a television commercial that targets
Johnson, the Democratic nominee, for supporting "job-killing taxes."

But it's not clear whether Alter's offensive will stick, or even backfire on the
former legislator. Selby, an independent candidate, says his vote on the budget
bill was a principled stand against Medicaid cuts that could force Jefferson
County nursing homes to lay off workers.

The Johnson campaign concedes that the candidate did miss several votes in the
Legislature last week, but they say Johnson used that time away from Jefferson
City to meet with constituents and craft legislation that will be introduced
this week.

Christopher "Zip" Rzeppa, an independent candidate, kept a low-profile last
week. Rzeppa said he was busy planning his last-minute campaign, raising money
and shooting a television commercial that he hopes to air later this month.

The Alter campaign sent three statements to reporters last week accusing Johnson
of being "AWOL from Jefferson City," and "playing hooky again." Johnson missed
19 votes on house legislation, including a large budget bill and measures that
could reduce property taxes for seniors and restrict where women can have
abortions.

"While Johnson is out explaining to voters why he should be their next state
senator he should be explaining why he doesn't have the time to do the original
job he was elected for," the Alter campaign said in a prepared statement.

Alter spokeswoman Cara Peroutka said that, in contrast, Alter had "perfect
voting attendance for nine of the 10 years he served in the House."

Johnson spokesman Shawn Borich said Alter should learn "there is a lot more to
being a state legislator than casting votes." He said Johnson's vote would not
have changed the outcome of any bills the Legislature handled last week.

"Instead of going to Jefferson City to cast votes that would have no effect on
policy, Rick Johnson was talking to the mother of a sexually abused child,"
Borich said. "After this conversation with her Rick was able to draft
legislation that will protect the victims of sexual abuse."

The bill would restrict where convicted sex offenders can live in relation to
their former victims, Borich said. He said Johnson's work on that bill is "as
much work as the Republican nominee did in all of the 2000 legislative session."
That year, Alter sponsored one bill.

The Alter campaign also attacked Selby for offering the sole dissenting vote on
Tuesday on a large appropriations bill that funds education, health, and social
services programs, including the threatened First Steps program for disabled
children. "It's a shame to see Harold Selby voting against necessary funding for
our children," the Alter campaign said.

Selby said he supported full funding of all education and social programs, but
he said the bill had a hidden cut in the state's Medicaid reimbursement rate for
nursing homes. Industry groups contacted by the Post-Dispatch, including the
Missouri Health Care Association, said the bill would cut funding to nursing
homes.

"I promised voters I wouldn't cut Medicaid, and I won't cut Medicaid," Selby
said.

Selby said it is wrong for lawmakers to cut the Medicaid reimbursement rate,
which the Legislature had increased last year. "The nursing homes had based
their payrolls and their budgets on getting the (increased) reimbursement
rates."

He said he was the sole vote against the budget bill because most Democrats
opposed to Medicaid cuts didn't realize what they were voting for.

"I can't blame them. They didn't have a clue," Selby said.

Selby also chimed in to criticize Johnson for his absence from the Legislature
last week. "If anyone in Jefferson County sees Rick, tell him we could sure use
his votes," he quipped.

Election Day is April 5.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  ELECTION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Showdowns set stage for playoffs;
Chaminade Julienne needs to upset Alter to remain in contention.;
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 568 words


Dusty Hayes has helped carry Alter to a 9-0 record as the Knights appear to have
their strongest team since winning back-to-back state titles in 2008-09. They'll
celebrate the 50th anniversary of their series against Chaminade Julienne.

The high school football playoffs don't start until next week, but it'll be a
postseason-like atmosphere at several key regular-season-ending games today.

Those include Alter (9-0) vs. Chaminade Julienne (5-4) at Springboro (7 p.m.).
This is the 50th anniversary of the series between the Greater Catholic League
North Division rivals.

The Knights are a lock to host a first-round Division IV playoff opener. CJ must
pull an upset and get help to break into the D-V field.

"The difficult thing, if you win or lose, you've got to be able to come back
down to earth and focus right away because your season's going to end that next
week if you can't do that," said Alter coach Ed Domsitz.

Alter has its strongest team since the back-to-back state title squads of
2008-09. The Knights have dominated every opponent and posted shutouts in four
of their last five games. That includes a Week 8 rout of previously unbeaten
McNicholas, 49-0.

CJ was 5-1, but now is on a three-game losing streak.

This will be the 53rd game between the programs, including playoff games in 2004
and 1984. Alter leads the series 32-19-1.

A commemorative program spearheaded by former Chaminade standout Jim Siewe and
former CJ coach Jim Place is available. The 16-page color edition breaks down
the series, has interviews and many headlines and story highlights that appeared
over the years in the Dayton Daily News and Journal Herald.

Siewe and Place were teammates at the University of Dayton.

"This one goes back to the beginning," Domsitz said. "There a strong feelings on
both sides. I really like having it Week 10. Regardless of the records, right up
to the very end of the season it generates a lot of interest."

? It's been 30 years since Centerville and Wayne were 9-0 entering a
regular-season-ending showdown. It will happen today when the Warriors visit the
Elks.

A capacity crowd is expected. Don't have a ticket? No problem. Time Warner Cable
(Channels 311 and 1311/HD) are your tickets for a taped-delayed airing at 11
p.m. today. The game will be shown again at 6 p.m. Sunday.

Both teams long ago wrapped up Division I first-round home playoff games. The
winner likely will vault past St. Xavier and into the Region 2 top seed.

New coach Rodney Roberts couldn't have hoped for a better start at Centerville.
The Elks won three games by a total of nine points, including a 21-20 overtime
defeat of Fairmont. Since that close call the Elks have blown out Northmont,
Beavercreek and last week Springfield.

Wayne has had just one close call, a 34-29 win at Lakota West (4-5). Led by
senior quarterback D'Mitrik Trice, the Warriors are averaging 46 points and have
allowed just 72, nearly half of what Centerville has given up. Wayne's defense
has posted four shutouts and allowed just seven points or less in two others.

Centerville won that 1984 game 28-20.

? Tippecanoe (8-1) will host Kenton Ridge (8-1) in what will decide at least a
share of the Central Buckeye Conference Kenton Division.

Both teams are 3-1 in the division, as is Bellefontaine (7-2). All three teams
have secured D-III playoff spots.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.Pen dleton@coxinc.com
Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 28, 2005 Friday

Full speed ahead;
Alter's Krystofik healthy again, takes aim at C-J

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi mgokavi@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. G1

LENGTH: 617 words


KETTERING - Matt Krystofik's first thought was, "ouch" or something along those
lines. His next was, "I'll definitely be back for the C-J game."

Lying on the Chester A. Roush Stadium turf two weeks ago, the Alter linebacker
grimaced in pain as he looked at his knee.

"My cleats got caught in the turf," Krystofik said. "Somebody rolled up
underneath me. My body went one way and my knee went the other.

"My kneecap was sitting on the outside of my knee and I knew that wasn't right."

The All-Ohio linebacker said he's had broken ankles, broken thumbs and stitches
in his jaw. "Worst of all was the knee," Krystofik said. "Not in terms of
damage, just in pain - the most painful injury I've ever had."

His parents even relived the play that happened Oct. 14 against Columbus St.
Charles.

"It looked pretty gross," said Matt's father, Tony. "During Monday night films,
when they got to that point, they told us 'You may want to look away.' "

Luckily, the 6-foot-4, 220-pounder didn't suffer a major injury, though he did
miss last week's 7-0 loss at Cincinnati Roger Bacon.

Alter (7-2) plays Chaminade-Julienne (6-3) at 7:30 p.m. today at Northmont
Stadium in Clayton. A Division III, Region 10 playoff berth and share of the
Greater Catholic League North title is at stake.

"There was no chipped bones or fractures," said Krystofik, who watched the rest
of the Bacon game from the sidelines.

"It slipped back (into place) and I've been rehabbing it. I'll definitely be
back for the C-J game. I'm not missing my senior-year C-J game."

Krystofik scored four defensive touchdowns last season. And while Krystofik
hasn't found the end zone this year, Alter coach Ed Domsitz said his captain has
improved.

"For my money, he's a better linebacker than last year," Domsitz said. "He has a
better feel for what's going on and averages double figures in tackles.

"He does a great job of recognizing what the opposition is likely to run. He's
shown himself to be a real student of the game as well as a great player."

That brings us back to the injury, or at least what Krystofik was doing when he
was injured. For the past few games, he played left tackle - a position he had
never played before this season.

"I don't think he had a whole lot of hesitation," Domsitz said. "He was going to
do what was best for the team."

Krystofik's friend and Alter center, Jake Cochran, was impressed how his buddy
picked up offensive line skills.

"For his first time, I was impressed with how he progressed and adjusted to
blitzes," Cochran said. "He seemed to understand what to do and when to use
different techniques. It's amazing how fast he adjusted from defense to
offense."

In light of the knee injury, Krystofik's offensive duty is likely done. That way
he can concentrate on his specialty. The Knights have allowed only about 25
yards rushing per game.

Domsitz said any recruiters who say his linebacker isn't fast enough are missing
the point.

"As far as a sales job on him, that's easy for me," Domsitz said. "He's one of
best I've ever had."

Alter's 19-game GCL North regular-season winning streak ended last week. The
Knights face the Eagles in a rivalry as old as Alter High School with a lot on
the line. Alter won, 21-14 in overtime last year. But C-J got revenge in a
Region 12 playoff game, 48-24.

"It's something we live for," Krystofik said. "We dream about playing against
C-J. Most of us have brothers or cousins who played and we've got to them since
we were a little kid."

Krystofik wasn't going to let a displaced patella get in his way.

"It doesn't matter what," Krystofik said. "I'd go out and play with the biggest
brace ever. I would do whatever I could do to be out on that field."

Contact Mark Gokavi at (937) 225-6951.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NICK FALZERANO/FOR THE DAYTON DAILY NEWS MATT KRYSTOFIK leads an Alter
defense that holds opponents to around 25 rushing yards per game.
Matt Krystofik

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 9, 2011 Friday

No. 7 Centerville boys face three state powers

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 387 words


The Centerville Elks boys soccer team went undefeated through its first five
games and debuted at No. 7 in the Ohio Scholastic Soccer Coaches Association
(OSSCA) state poll.

A three-game stretch that started Thursday, though, will tell Centerville coach
Brad Loveless just how good the Elks can be.

Centerville hosted Alter on Thursday (playing to a scoreless tie), plays
Beavercreek on Tuesday and Cincinnati Moeller on Thursday, all at the
Centerville Soccer Stadium.

Alter was ranked No. 6 in the Division II coaches poll, while Beavercreek is No.
4 and Moeller No. 3 in D-I.

"They're fun. It's a little nerve-wracking but they're fun," Loveless said of
preparing and coaching against high-caliber competition in consecutive games.
"It'll be a good test for us. ... We'll definitely see what we've got and what
we're capable of."

After Thursday's game, Centerville was 4-0-2 with a 12-2 goals advantage. The
Elks won all three games last year, beating Alter and Moeller by 1-0 scores and
Beaver-creek 3-1.

Senior midfielder Slater Morgann leads the Elks with four goals and two assists.
Senior outside backs Alex Broadstock and Scott Wilkerson also have excelled
after switching positions from last season.

"Every year it's a new set of kids and a new challenge. It's a lot of fun,"
Loveless said.

A state-ment: Beavercreek and Alter both landed teams in the boys and girls
state polls. Beavercreek is No. 4 in the boys and No. 3 in the girls rankings.
Alter's girls top the D-II state poll and the boys are No. 6.

Carroll is the top-ranked team in the D-II boys poll. Dayton Christian is No. 10
in D-III.

Patriot games: The Carroll girls' 3-0-1 start will be tested with three straight
games against state-ranked opponents, starting Saturday at Beavercreek.

Carroll, which received votes in the D-II state poll, hosts Alter on Monday and
is at Cincinnati Mount Notre Dame on Wednesday.

Mount Notre Dame is ranked No. 7 in D-I.

Skyhawks fly high: Fairborn's 3-2 win over Tecumseh on Aug. 29 helped the
Skyhawks girls' team match their win total from all of last season (four).

Fairborn (4-1-1) opened the season with four straight wins, similar to last year
when the team won three straight. But that fourth win in 2010 didn't come until
early October.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991, or gbilling@Dayton
DailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal

                           November 6, 2004, Saturday

Nevada salaries, number of hirings jump in October

BYLINE: By Emily Kumler

LENGTH: 615 words



Nevada's economy is rebounding thanks in large part to small businesses, which
increased hiring and salaries in October, two experts said Friday.

After a sluggish summer, businesses with 100 or fewer employees increased hiring
3.7 percent from the end of August to the end of October, said Michael Alter,
president of SurePayroll, an Illinois-based provider of payroll and outsourcing
services for small businesses.

National statistics confirm the trend. The U.S. Department of Labor reported
that for September, Las Vegas had the second-greatest employment increase of any
metropolitan area in the country with more than 42,500 jobs added. Statistics on
Las Vegas employment for October are not yet available through the department,
but SurePayroll expects the employment trend to continue.

"Look at the jump between September and October; there's an increase of 3
percent," Alter said. "That increase means people are finding work more easily."

Alter suggested that the recent rise in economic prosperity may explain why
President Bush carried Nevada on Election Day.

"One of the biggest deciding factors was how's the economy doing and with a
(hiring) increase of 3 percent over the past month, things are improving for
Nevada," Alter said.

Although August-to-October hiring statistics are strong for Nevada, year-to-year
comparisons tell a different story. Nevada saw an increase of 1.4 percent in
October compared with the prior year. But nationally, hiring increased 3.2
percent in October compared to October 2003, according to SurePayroll's Small
Business Scorecard, a compilation of data gathered from 13,000 of the company's
U.S. small business clients.

However, while small businesses in other states were adding more jobs than
Nevada, the Silver State's small businesses were increasing paychecks for both
salary and wage employees by 8.3 percent in October -- tops in the nation.
Nationwide, paychecks at small businesses fell 3.4 percent.

In Nevada, paychecks peaked in September. While wages increased in a
year-to-year comparison, Nevada small business paychecks decreased 4 percent
from September to October.

But Alter said average wages fall when companies hire more people, which would
explain the drop.

"Wages may look like they've dropped because of hiring," Alter said. "In the
first month people don't get bonuses or commission checks which will make it
look like they are paid less."

Alter was optimistic that the month-to-month drop in wages was not a bad sign
for the Nevada economy. He said the hiring downturn in the summer may have
resulted in additional profits, and in the fall those businesses felt more
comfortable hiring employees.

"We're getting a few more workers for small businesses, but their pay is going
up quite a bit; what more do you want?" asked Jeff Waddoups, associate professor
of economics at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. "It's a sign of our
prospering economy."

The hiring and salary increases are strongly felt in Nevada.

"Approximately 98 percent of businesses in our state are small businesses" with
fewer than 100 employees, according to the Nevada Commission on Economic
Development survey.

The Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce concurs small businesses make up a significant
part of the city's business community.

"The majority of companies that set up shop in Las Vegas this past year have
fewer than 25 employees," the chamber says on its Web site.

Waddoups said it will be interesting when small businesses start growing faster
than the rest of the country.



-----

To see more of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.lvrj.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LV-WAGE-20041106

JOURNAL-CODE: LV

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2004 Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              April 2, 2010 Friday

Alter, UD communities are in shock at airplane tragedy;
Tom Hausfeld served on Alter's board of trustees; daughter was on Flyers
volleyball team.

BYLINE: By Anthony Gottschlich Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 535 words


When Alter High School volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski left her Springboro home
to go on a bike ride Thursday afternoon, April 1, she chose an alternate route
because she heard fire engines just outside her development.

Little did she know those engines were heading to the Dayton-Wright Brothers
Airport to respond to single-engine plane crash that killed two people she knew
well, pilot Tom Hausfeld of Springboro and his daughter Kacie, 21, a former
standout on the Knights' volleyball squad.

A little more than two hours later, Jasinowski got a call from Kelly Sheffield,
Kacie's volleyball coach at the University of Dayton.

"I said, 'I don't believe you, it can't be true, it can't be right,'" Jasinowski
recalled. "I still can't believe it. It is beyond a tragedy."

Many felt the same way Thursday. Of Tom Hausfeld, friends and associates
remembered a generous soul with an engaging personality who gave to numerous
organizations and charities. A successful businessman, he retired in 2006 after
selling his company, Auto Disposal Systems Inc. of Dayton.

"People were drawn to him," said Andrea Borchers of Miami Twp., whose daughters
played volleyball with Kacie Hausfeld and her older sister, Ali. "Anytime he had
something to say, people would listen. He was always paying attention to how he
could help somebody."

Hausfeld served on Alter's board of trustees and was a past president of the
boosters club. Alter Principal Nicki Brainard called him "an invaluable source."

"He's the most honest guy there is. He would tell you like he saw it," Brainard
said. "He's one who would listen, and you knew he was listening to give us the
very best advice he could give us."

Alter Athletic Director Chris Hart called the Hausfelds' deaths "devastating to
the Alter and UD community."

"Kacie was extremely driven as a student and an athlete," he said.

Family friend Mary DeMange, whose daughter Carrie played volleyball with Ali at
both Alter and Duke University, said Tom and Kacie "were alike in so many ways,
always there for anyone in need."

"He was always volunteering for the community and loved to ref basketball,
constantly brushing up on the rules, so he could be the best ref possible,"
DeMange said. "For awhile he drove race cars, and loved the thrill of being on
the racetrack. After taking a break from that to be there for his daughters'
passions, flying became his passion."

Sheffield, the UD coach, called his players as well as alumni and former coaches
Thursday to share the news.

"Obviously we are all in shock right now," he said. "Kacie's kind-heartedness,
sense of humor and can-do approach was one of a kind. We will always love her
with all of our hearts. We lost two genuinely special people today and we are
all hurting. All of us who know them will try our best to stick together through
this."

Jasinowski, who coached both Kacie and Ali, noted there was a Hausfeld in the
Alter volleyball program for seven consecutive years, including the championship
years of 2002, 2003 and 2006.

"Alter volleyball has never won a state championship without a Hausfeld and the
next one we win is for Kacie," she said.

Staff writers , Mark Gokavi, Debbie Juniewicz and Marc Pendleton contributed to
this story.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Hausfeld family photo posted on Tom Hausfeld's Facebook page. (From
left) Lori, Kacie, Ali and Tom.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 13, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

NOTEBOOK;
New Look In AAA Playoffs

Frank Hughes, Mark Fitzhenry, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE B3

LENGTH: 825 words


No matter who wins the Virginia AAA state baseball semifinal game Tuesday night
between Northern Region representative No. 4 West Potomac and Northwestern
Region champion Hylton, there will be new blood in the state championship on
Friday. Both teams are making their first semifinal appearances and the winner
will play the victor of the First Colonial of Virginia Beach and Clover Hill of
Richmond game Friday night at 7 in the final.

"I think it's great to have new teams," said Hylton Coach Jerry Williams, whose
top-ranked team (23-1) has won 22 straight games. "Especially since we're one of
the teams."

Few expected either team to make it this far, considering Hylton had six players
transfer before the season started, and the Northern District has virtually
dominated the Northern Region -- with West Springfield having made the state
tournament six consecutive years -- and the Gunston District, where West Potomac
plays, is lightly regarded.

But Hylton has ridden the pitching of All-Met right-hander Jon Hand (12-0) and
left-hander Gary MacKinlay, who was drafted in the 30th round by the Texas
Rangers, to this point, and the school is enjoying it. In Friday night's 5-4
quarterfinal victory over West Springfield, the Bulldogs had a band play the
national anthem and a helicopter fly the game ball onto the field.

"We were going to drop it," said Williams, "but we were afraid we would hit some
kid in the head, especially one of our kids."

Williams said another gimmick will be featured Tuesday, but he would not say
which pitcher will throw -- "I probably had 100 phone calls about who was
throwing Friday and I didn't make a decision until 4 o'clock, and I probably
won't decide until 4 on Tuesday," said Williams. Meanwhile, West Potomac Coach
Mike Henry readily admits ace Bobby Willner will go for the Wolverines.

The Georgia Tech-bound senior is 12-1 this year and has won 19 games over two
years, while West Potomac has gone 32-12 in that span. Willner threw a
five-hitter and struck out seven in Friday's 9-2 victory over Franklin County,
and Henry doesn't want to change a thing.

"We feel good about where we are," said Henry, in his second year. "We worked
hard the past two years and I think not too many people have given us respect."

Close Calls

Just once, the fourth-ranked Gar-Field softball team would like to have it easy
in the Virginia AAA state tournament. The defending state champion has played in
seven state tournament games over the past four years, and every one of them has
been decided by one run. Gar-Field has won five of them, including the past
four.

Gar-Field looked to a familiar face in Friday's 5-4 state quarterfinal victory
over Chantilly. All-Met first baseman Amy Alter tripled to lead off the top of
the seventh and scored on Melissa Pickel's one-out single. Alter has either
scored or driven in the deciding run in each of Gar-Field's past three state
tournament victories.

In last year's state title game at Varina, Alter's rolling RBI single up the
middle gave the Indians a 2-0 lead in the fifth; they won 2-1. In last year's
state semifinal against Woodbridge, Alter scored the game's only run on a wild
sacrifice fly play that concluded with her scampering home on a throwing error.

Tuesday, Gar-Field faces No. 2 Woodbridge in a state semifinal. The teams
squared off not only in last year's state semifinal but also in the past two
Northwestern Region title games. Yes, those region championships have each been
decided by one run (won by Gar-Field last year, Woodbridge this year).

Bouncing Back

Woodbridge All-Met Michelle Matthews is not used to hitting people with her
pitches. But one fastball got away from her in Friday's Virginia AAA state
softball quarterfinal against Langley, and it broke All-Met player of the year
Janet Ciciarelli's lower jaw bone. The injury knocked Ciciarelli, also Langley's
ace pitcher, out of the game.

Langley had to recover in time to play without its star, but Matthews needed to
recover as well. Matthews was visibly upset about the incident, and after the
20-minute-plus delay, her fastball did not have nearly the same zip during
warmups. Concerned, Woodbridge Coach Jim Edwards had sophomore backup Brandee
White warm up.

Woodbridge All-Met catcher Talia Lake met with Matthews before play resumed and
told her: "I hope you plan on throwing harder than you just did."

Matthews finished with a one-hitter. She struck out five and walked four.

"Fortunately, she was able to keep her composure enough to get the job done,"
Edwards said. ...

Ciciarelli, who plays in the summer for the Shamrocks, a Vienna-based team
featuring players throughout the area, said yesterday she will sit out about one
month. She finished her high school career with 732 strikeouts.

"It's kind of disappointing, but stuff like that happens," Ciciarelli said.
"There's been a ton of people coming in and calling, and that has helped."


LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, AMY ALTER TRIPLED IN THE SEVENTH AND SCORED THE WINNING RUN TO
GIVE GAR-FIELD A 5-4 WIN FRIDAY IN A VIRGINIA AAA STATE SOFTBALL QUARTERFINAL
VS. CHANTILLY. MARK FINKENSTAEDT; CHART

TYPE: GAME COVERAGE

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday

Math, science awards show STEM success continuing to bloom;
Teams make state Science Olympiad, win UD math competition.;
ALTER HIGH SCHOOL

BYLINE: Education Today

SECTION: ; Pg. H1

LENGTH: 570 words


The Alter High School Science Olympiad Team received second place at the
regional tournament. Alter was one of only four Catholic schools in the state to
qualify and compete in the state Science Olympiad tournament.

Many area schools have initiated STEM (science, technology, engineering,
mathematics) programs into their curriculum, and Alter High School is no
exception.

Although new classes such as Human Body Systems and Principles of Engineering
have been introduced, Alter maintains that a STEM program has always existed
within their math and science departments. This certainly rings true with many
recent successes at the local and state levels for the Alter Knights.

The science department has had an extremely busy and successful spring. First,
Alter sent 27 students to the district science fair and 20 of them were selected
to move on to the state level in May. Maria Jasek, Michael Stuart and Abby
Bishop all received special awards, and Kayla Butler received a perfect 40
score.

Second, the Alter Science Olympiad team received second place at the regional
tournament. It was one of only four Catholic schools in the state to qualify and
compete in the state Science Olympiad tournament. Overall the Knights finished
21st, and 3rd place in the small school division (schools of less than 1,000
students). Bringing home individual first-place medals in the "Game On" event
were Paul Jasek and Josh Kassman.

Third, Nick Sprauer earned top honors at the ACS Chemistry Test and he is in the
running to receive two other awards. Nick is only one of 10 area students to
receive this honor.

Last, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base selected Alter students to attend a shadow
day in April. Over 350 area students applied, and eight Alter students were
chosen for the 20 available positions. Shadow opportunities included
aeronautical and mechanical engineering, biomedical engineering, program
management, computer programming, electrical and software engineering, and ICU
critical care nursing.

In math news, 18 area high school teams competed in the 20th annual University
of Dayton Math Competition. The Alter team of Nick Sprauer, Scott Beinlich and
Andrew Volk won first place in the competition by tallying 525 points. The
competition consisted of 10 different rooms, each with a different area of
mathematics, and required the team to choose one question to answer in each room
within an allotted time period. Strategy and accuracy were rewarded, as correct
and completed easy questions were awarded 25 points, medium 50, and hard were
100 points.

Technology is an important facet in today's education. Alter initiated a
one-to-one computer program five years ago, and now every student in the
building has a personal laptop to use in and outside of the classroom. However,
mobile technology has become increasingly important to not only students, but to
the general public.

After realizing his parents and grandparents were not as technologically savvy
with their mobile devices, Alter junior Robby Ruffolo created a new organization
called The Brainy Bunch to offer mobile application classes such as Twitter and
Instagram to these generations.

Ruffolo and several other students offer regular classes to the community to
make mobile technology easier for everyone in this digital age.

The students, parents and community are all benefitting from the continuously
improving and growing STEM program at Alter High School.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 18, 2013 Monday

Alter to enhance STEM coursework;
Certification will be 5-year process for Catholic high school.;
KETTERING IN OUR SCHOOLS

BYLINE: ByTerry Morris

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 452 words


Alter freshmen Kate Bockrath (left) and Tess Harnett work together in science
class. Alter High School in Kettering announced plans to institute the STEM
curriculum beginning in the fall of 2013.

KETTERING - Alter High School will join other private schools in the area when
it expands its science, technology, engineering and math curriculum in the fall
of 2013.

The Catholic institution of 680 students in grades nine through 12 will seek
certification from Project Lead The Way, a leading provider of STEM coursework
across the country.

"We've done inquiry-based learning and teaching for years, but not being
affiliated with a nationally known provider like PLTW doesn't allow students to
compete for certain college admissions, scholarships or employment," principal
Lourdes Lambert said. "The national push for STEM is resulting in designated
scholarships."

The new classes offered will include Principles of Engineering and Human Body
Systems, for upperclassmen, and Statistics, Trigonometry and College Algebra.
Future additions may include Introduction to Engineering Design. Dual credit
will be sought with area colleges.

"The biggest challenge has been the cost of acquiring resources to implement the
program," Lambert said.

Primary expenses will be for teacher training, new technology, software and
classroom equipment. Science department chair Barb Groene and nine other faculty
members attended the Ohio STEM Conference in November. They will begin focused
training this summer.

Seed funds will come from the Starry, Starry Knight Gala that kicked off Alter's
50th anniversary celebration in September 2012.

Development director John Patterson said almost $200,000 has been set aside for
STEM and two other school projects - incorporating the principles of
"professional learning communities" into Alter's mission and creating a prayer
garden in front of the school, which is located on East David Road.
Certification will be a five-year process. Other parochial and private schools
in the Dayton area have expanded their focus on STEM curriculum. The Dayton
Regional STEM School, which opened in 2009, is also located in Kettering.
Carroll High School, in Riverside, and Chaminade-Julienne High School in Dayton
were among five winners of the Governor's Thomas Edison Award for Excellence in
STEM Education in 2011. Carroll and Lehman High School in Sidney were among 12
top-ranked schools in 2012.

Patterson said that while there is "a push for schools throughout the region to
do this, nothing specific has been mandated by the Archdiocese of Cincinnati."

Lambert said Alter's priorities continue to be "our students, their faith and
preparedness for the real world."

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2377.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            November 30, 2007 Friday

Tanner & Haley set to share proceeds

BYLINE: by Ben Fidler

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY

LENGTH: 433 words



HIGHLIGHT: The debtor will divide the $92.7 million from its asset sale to
Ultimate Resort.


Tanner & Haley Resorts is ready to divvy up the proceeds of its asset sales now
that a Connecticut judge is on the verge of confirming its liquidation plan.

According to Jonathan Alter of Bingham McCutchen LLP, counsel to Tanner's
unsecured creditors, Judge Alan H.W. Shiff of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
District of Connecticut in Bridgeport indicated that he would confirm the
company's plan at a Wednesday, Nov. 28, hearing. (Tanner is bankrupt under the
lead case Complete Retreats LLC).

Alter estimated that the liquidation plan would go effective by mid-December.
The plan that will be confirmed is the same plan that was on file with the court
in late August, Alter said.

Tanner's plan divides the remaining proceeds from its $92.7 million asset sale
to Ultimate Resort LLCand forms a trust for the liquidation of other assets.
Proceeds reaped from assets not included in the Ultimate Resort sale, such as
properties in the Bahamas and Newport, R.I., will also be put into the trust.
Those two properties have been appraised to be worth $12.5 million, filings
show.

Tanner has already paid off its secured lenders through the Ultimate Resort
sale, leaving an estimated $350 million in unsecured claims looking for
recoveries.

The unsecureds are divided into two groups: The first group consists of those
agreeing to join Ultimate Resort, while the second is comprised of those who
declined the offer. The former group is expected to get up to a 0.6% recovery on
its claims, while the latter could get up to a 2% recovery, filings show.

Most of the distributions will likely come from a trust that will be divided
into two tranches. Tranche A applies to those creditors reaping the first $10
million in distributions and includes former members and vendors who joined
Ultimate Resort. Tranche B consists of unsecured creditors getting recoveries
from any subsequent distributions after the trust proceeds crack $10 million.

The trust will include the proceeds collected from avoidance actions and causes
of action, as well as the sale of the remaining Tanner properties. Equity
holders would be wiped out.

According to court papers, 90% of the unsecured creditor body voted in favor of
the plan.

Tanner, touted as the pioneer of the destination club, gives its members, who
are largely CEOs and presidents of Fortune 500 companies, access to everything
from private jets to yachts and beach spots in the Bahamas, Mexico and the West
Indies.

Complete Retreats and Preferred Retreats LLC, Tanner's lead operating divisions,
filed for Chapter 11 protection on July 23, 2006, in the Bridgeport court.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2007 The Deal, L.L.C.


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 10, 1980 Thursday

'I told you Alter wouldn't falter'   Fresh-Up Freddie rides the hard way

BYLINE: Larry Millson; GAM

LENGTH: 921 words

DATELINE: Toronto ON


By LARRY MILLSON
  The day I walk out of the racetrack for the last time and I'm asked how
 it was, I'll say it was fun - while it lasted." - Fred Alter, journeyman
                                                                    jockey.

Fred Alter first came to the racetrack in 1960 to work for trainer Ted  Mann. He
was 19 and, like so many people on the track, it was not long  before he had a
nickname that stuck. "One of the boys working for John  Starr, who was training
then for Conn Smythe, called me Fresh-Up Freddie.  He got the name from the
Seven-Up television commercial.     "When I started riding, a lot of people
didn't know my name, other  than Fresh-Up Freddie."     It was not easy for
Alter to become a rider. He readily admits that as  he chats in the track
kitchen at Woodbine after a morning of galloping  horses. He works every morning
hoping that it will mean a chance to ride  some live horses in the afternoons at
Greenwood.

He finished third yesterday in the first race on Major's Image as
 entrymate Skootic won. From six mounts at the meeting, Alter has a win, a
 second and a third.

Alter did not begin riding until he was 25 and, under the rules then
 in effect, he was too old to be given the apprentice weight allowance,
 which would have allowed his mounts to carry 10 pounds less at first and,
 after his fifth win, five pounds less.

Without that important advantage, it was a difficult beginning.
 Finally, he went away to try the small-time tracks, also known as gyp
 tracks, where the cards are filled with the cheapest and most unsound
 horses. He also had some stints in New England and Maryland. "I had
 decent meetings at Montreal. My best meeting was at Green Mountain. I hit
 them all, all those ratty little tracks, most of them gone now."
    After suffering a broken shoulder in West Virginia last year, he
 decided to come home to Toronto, a place he hadn't even visited in three
 years. After he had a good start at the Fort Erie B meeting, his
 collarbone was fractured in a spill. During that time off, he completed
 his high school diploma.

Alter is one of the majority at the racetrack, one of the many
 scraping out a living who often are overlooked while the richer and more
 successful receive the recognition that provides a warped view of
 racetrack life. He admits there are depressing times when the mounts
 aren't coming and his pay for the week is less than he might have earned
 working for the minimum wage at a less risky job. Regardless, he'll say
 simply: "I love the game."
    While other jockeys might look forward to riding titles and stakes
 victories this season, Alter and others like him only hope to get on some
 horses that have a chance to win. "I always feel I'll have a good year.
 If I win 25 races around here, it will be like being leading rider."
    The story of how Alter came to the racetrack has a familiar sound,
 beginning at a plant near Woodbine. "Where I went to work was in the
 shadow of the racetrack and a guy there who was teaching me my job was a
 racetrack buff and, because of my size, he suggested I might make a
 jockey."
    Alter says he was a slow learner when it came to riding horses,
 perhaps because of his comparatively late start on the track. Some people
 never thought he would make it as an exercise rider, let alone a race
 rider. "I tumbled off a whole lot of horses," he said. "If it wasn't for
 (trainer) Conrad Cohen, I'd never have ridden in a race."
    He finally made it at 25, much later than most aspiring young riders.
 So, in that sense, now that he has about 500 wins in his career, he feels
 a certain sense of accomplishment, getting to a place where so few
 thought he could. "I've come to the point where I'm earning a living at
 something I'm capable at and I'd like to keep doing it as long as I'm
 capable."
    He has one regret: "I was married before I became a jockey and I was
 so intense about being a rider, I blew my marriage. That's the only thing
 I'm sorry about.
    "I ended up going to the gyp tracks in the States to get the number of
 horses I needed to ride. I was gone more than I was home.
    "It's a different world at the gyp tracks. The people are friendlier
 because they need you. They need you to exercise their horses. If you go
 to the gyp tracks and work, you will get mounts. At the bigger tracks,
 they don't need you so much. They have their exercise riders."
    When he returned to Toronto last year, Alter worked in the mornings
 for Cohen, who in turn gave him most of his mounts in the afternoon. This
 spring, Alter is spreading himself out more, working for other trainers
 as well.

So Fred Alter, still known as Fresh-Up Freddie by friends, has looked  forward
eagerly to the new season with its rather stuttered start at  Greenwood. He has
approached it realistically and, of course, with hope  for some mounts that have
a chance to win, mounts that do not often come  his way. He did come close on
the second day of the season, losing by a  scant nose with Major's Image. Then,
on the fourth full day of racing, he  got his first win of the season with
Bronze Fields, moving Cohen to say,  "See, I told you Alter wouldn't falter."
"All of us go into the game with high hopes," Alter says, reflecting  on his 20
years at the track. "I'm one of the many who hasn't gone on to  be as good as he
wanted to be. . . I tried and I don't feel I've been a  failure. I don't know
what other people think. I don't care any more. At  one time, I used to be upset
about what other people thought, but not any  more."

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: yes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          December 21, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

McGill prof hails decision as victory for science

BYLINE: PEGGY CURRAN, The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Peggy Curran; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 548  words


Even without three-and-a-half hours on the witness stand, that mob of reporters,
the agent from Paramount Pictures, and the cover of Rolling Stone, Brian Alters
knew he was part of a landmark case.

An associate professor of science education at McGill and Harvard universities,
Alters was one of six experts called to testify against the teaching of
intelligent design during a six-week trial in Harrisburg, Pa., that touched at
the core of how Americans think the world began.

"This trial was really about the very definition of science," Alters said of
yesterday's verdict, which banned the teaching of intelligent design in some
U.S. schools. To have ruled differently, he said, "would have allowed for
discussion of supernatural causes in the classroom."

Intelligent design, he said "goes against the fundamental theory of all biology.
Scientists look for natural causes for natural phenomena. Modern science does
not entertain supernatural causation."

Not since the Scopes Monkey Trial of 1925 - in which Clarence Darrow and William
Jennings Bryan, the two most famous lawyers of the age squared off in a battle
of wits in the steamy circus of a Tennessee courtroom - has Charles Darwin's
1859 theory of evolution faced such an intense legal challenge.

Advocates of intelligent design contend life on Earth is just too complicated to
have occurred through natural selection and survival of the fittest theories put
forward by Darwin. The notion first surfaced in the late 1980s - months after
another U.S. court outlawed the teaching of creationism.

"I've never seen anything this bad in science education before," said Alters,
the founder and director of the Evolution Education Research Centre.
"Intelligent design is not science. It's religious theory."

Alters appeared on behalf of a group of parents who had challenged the policy
adopted in September by the Dover Area School District. Teachers were ordered to
read a four-paragraph statement about intelligent design, yet they were
forbidden from answering any questions about it. Small wonder teachers refused,
leaving the task to school administrators. "It's like telling students, 'Look,
there's this secret science, but we're forbidden from talking about it.' "

So why haven't fundamentalist Christians managed to make evolution a volatile
issue on this side of the border? Alters suspects the answer lies in the
difference between Canadian and U.S. school systems. While Canadian schools take
their orders - and curriculum - from provincial education departments, U.S.
schools take their orders from local school districts - and there are roughly
17,000 of them.

The professor argues this week's ruling sets an important precedent that should
make it difficult for other U.S. school districts to bring intelligent design
into biology lessons. Instead, he predicts proponents of creationism will try
another tack - perhaps by trying to punch holes in aspects of evolution that
haven't been fully explained.

Yet Alters said there should be no conflict between evolution and a belief in
God - a fact

reflected not only by recent statements by the Roman Catholic Church, but by
scientists who also professed a devout faith in a higher being.

"Evolution does not deny God's existence. Darwin was not an atheist."

pcurran@thegazette.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: TEDD CHURCH, THE GAZETTE; "I've never seen anything this bad in science
education before," said McGill and Harvard University professor Brian Alters.
"Intelligent design is not science. It's religious theory."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

'No clear winner' in debate, experts say

BYLINE: By Marni Pyke mpyke@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 377 words


Despite some pointed questions and critical remarks, there was no knockout punch
in Tuesday's televised candidate forum featuring the four Republicans running
for governor, experts said.

With time running out until the March 18 primary, Winnetka businessman Bruce
Rauner, state Sens. Bill Brady and Kirk Dillard, and Treasurer Dan Rutherford
are all seeking to resonate with voters.

"There was no clear winner," said Sharon Alter, professor emeritus of history
and political science at Harper College. "Nobody made any mistakes."

Both Alter and DuPage County Republican organizer Pat Durante praised moderator
Carol Marin's persistent questioning and not shying away from sensitive topics,
including a lawsuit against Rutherford of Chenoa over sexual harassment.
Rutherford declined to comment on the case.

Rutherford's legal troubles have hurt him, which is why Alter characterized the
debate hosted by NBC 5 and the University of Chicago as particularly significant
for Brady, of Bloomington, and Dillard, of Hinsdale.

Rauner has poured money into his election, including $1 million on Monday, that
has paid for a series of television ads.

Alter noted that Brady and Dillard both piled on Rauner, with Brady comparing
Rauner to disgraced former Gov. Rod Blagojevich.

Brady also leveled a shot against his fellow senator, linking Dillard with
President Obama. Dillard, however, avoided any jabs against Brady or Rutherford,
she said.

"Rauner was not dethroned as No. 1," Alter said. "The question becomes in the
next few days who becomes No. 2 and potentially who's No. 1."

Durante called Dillard "more gubernatorial than the rest in terms of straight
answers and where to go with the state of Illinois."

And he wanted more specifics from Rauner about issues such as abortion and
capital punishment. "He did not want to go there," said Durante, Addison
Township Republican chairman and a former top aide to Congressman Henry Hyde.

Alter thought Rauner stayed on message but noted that can be a drawback for a
candidate. "Rauner has his talking points down so pat ... it sounded like it was
rehearsed," she said.

Meanwhile, with voter turnout expected to be low, the election could be close,
Durante predicted. "We've got a way to go yet ... I still wouldn't call it," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pat DuranteSharon Alter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                              March 9, 2012 Friday

Retirees move, but not very far

BYLINE: MARK MILLER Reuters

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 852  words


CHICAGO - When Harvey and Cora Alter decided to move away from Washington, D.C.,
for their retirement, friends were surprised to hear where they were going.

The Alters weren't even crossing a state line. They would move just 30 miles (50
km) north of Rockville, Maryland, where they had raised two daughters, to
Frederick - a town of about 65,000 on the outskirts of the Washington-Baltimore
metro area near the Catoctin Mountains.

"People were surprised that we weren't moving to North Carolina, where one of
our daughters lived," Harvey Alter recalls.

"We wanted to be near Washington where all our friends lived, and we saw no
point moving near one daughter and bothering her - and not the other in Ohio."

Relocation in retirement often brings cross-country or big north-south moves to
mind, but few seniors actually go very far.

In 2010, just 1.6 per cent of retirees between age 55 and 65 moved across state
lines, according to an analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data by Richard Johnson,
director of retirement policy research at The Urban Institute.

And even among retirees who do move across state lines, migration patterns have
shifted in recent years, Johnson says.

In 1990, more than one in four retirees between age 55 to 65 who did relocate
across a state line moved to Florida - and seven of the top cities for migrating
retirees were in the sunshine state. Florida remains the most popular
destination, but it only attracted one in seven of retirees between 2005 and
2010.

"Americans are moving to cities all over the country today when they retire," he
said.

The most popular destinations now include Atlanta, Las Vegas, Dallas and
Phoenix, but New York, Washington, D.C., and Chicago also attract many retirees.

The Alters made the move from Rockville to Frederick 14 years ago, when they
were in their early 60s. They traded in a single-family home for a townhouse in
Worman's Mill, a planned residential development in Frederick adjacent to the
scenic Monacacy River.

It's not an age-restricted retirement community: "We have school buses coming
in, and friends in the community almost the same ages as our kids. I don't want
only to be around old grouches like me," Alter said.

Harvey, 79, and Cora, 75, say they are still happily ensconced in Frederick,
although they recently sold the townhouse and moved into a condo to eliminate
staircases and outdoor gardening chores.

The increasing popularity of the short-distance move may be a result of the many
advantages the strategy offers: Retirees who stay an hour or two from where they
worked and raised their children can cut their costs while staying near their
friends, cultural events, major airports and medical facilities.

Moving outside the metro area means they don't have to compete on housing prices
with people who need to be closer to the city for their jobs.

Depending on local real estate values, it's a move that can allow seniors to
extract substantial equity from the real estate portion of their assets.

Many bought their homes decades ago at prices far below even today's depressed
market - and they are the most likely age group to be mortgage-free: 65 per cent
of homeowners over age 65 were mortgage-free in 2009, according to the Census
Bureau.

The Alters sold their Rockville home for $245,000 and bought the townhouse for
$188,000 - a gain of about $57,000 - before retiring a small mortgage.

"From the start, the downsize from Rockville to Frederick was to increase
disposable income and create a more comfortable retirement," Harvey said.

A retiree could sell a home in Montclair, New Jersey, near New York City, where
the median home price is $560,800 and move 90 miles (145 km) to Allentown,
Pennsylvania (median home price: $135,400) - pocketing about $425,000 in
extracted equity, assuming a mortgage-free transaction and excluding closing
costs.

Likewise, a 40-mile (65 km) move from Highland Park, Illinois (median home
price: $542,000) to nearby Woodstock ($205,800) would generate around $336,000
in extracted equity.

Property tax savings could sweeten the deal in some situations. Sperling points
out that the Montclair house would face property taxes of around $11,300 a year,
while the Allentown home would carry property taxes of only $2,580 - an
additional savings of almost $9,000 a year.

Perhaps best of all, federal tax law lets you keep as much as $250,000 of the
gain tax-free if you're single, and up to $500,000 for couples. That money can
be used any way you like; the rule applies as long as you've lived in the home
you're selling for at least two of the last five years.

The math can work even in the current difficult economy and real estate market,
says Bert Sperling, the company's president.

"Seniors may have to accept a lower price, but they'll be buying at lower
prices, too. And, since many of them have a great deal of equity in their
properties, they have few problems with credit requirements on the new
purchase."

What's more, an improving economy will unleash a great deal of pent-up demand
over the next few years from younger people who have been forced to hold off on
home purchases, Sperling suggests.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Police arrest Occupy San Francisco protesters at Wells Fargo headquarters

BYLINE: Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 891 words


Occupy San Francisco protesters marched and demonstrated outside Wells Fargo
headquarters today in the city's Financial District today.

Below are blog reports from this morning's protest. For the updated story, see
www.mercurynews.com/twitter/ci_19097398

11:20 a.m.

One of 11 demonstrators arrested in the San Francisco protests today said he
came to event because both his parents' home in Evanston, Illinois and his
grandmother's home in Chicago had been foreclosed on by banks.

Max Bell Alter, 31, was arrested this morning and taken to the San Francisco
Chinatown police station, where he and 10 others were cited for trespassing and
released. They have orders to appear in court on Nov. 16.

The more people that join the movement, the more "banks will have to be
accountable," said Alter, a Berkeley resident who belongs to United Here Local
2850.

Alter said that the Occupy protests around the area need to join forces and
"escalate the movement."

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

10:50 a.m.

The protest has thinned out a little and some demonstrators are trickling away.
About 150 remain.

Here and there, employees of the bank are being escorted into the bank building.

One Wells Fargo employee on her way to work said she supported the protesters,
because "they have the right to protest and because people are greedy."

"If I didn't have to go to work, I would be out there," said the employee, who
did not want to be named.

She said it was terrible that a Wells Fargo corporate executive can make
millions while so many workers are being laid off or are unemployed.

Bankruptcy attorney Robert Jackson, who works a block away, said he sympathizes
with the protesters, and knows firsthand what some are going through. His
business has increased by 10 times in the past four years.

People's goals for good jobs, housing and education are not being met. "They've
been through some tough times," Jackson said.

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

10:10 a.m.

Police have arrested 11 protesters on charges of trespassing, a police official
said. None have been released so far.

Buff Bradley, a retired teacher from Fairfax, said he came to the protest to
call attention to the "incredible economic injustice that has our country by the
throat."

Wells Fargo is a target for the protesters because the banks are "complicit in
the assault on ordinary people," said Bradley, who taught kindergarten in El
Cerrito, East Palo Alto and Corte Madera.

The goal is to be in the streets and let people know they don't have to accept
the assault by the top 1 percent, he said. Bradley hopes for mass uprisings
similar to what happened in Egypt earlier this year.

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

9:50 a.m.

So far, police have arrested 10 protesters for blocking entrances to the
building as Wells Fargo employees tried to get in this morning. Some protesters
said that those arrested may have been cited and already released.

About 300 are gathered for the event and four entrances to Wells Fargo are
blocked, including those on Montgomery and California streets. The protesters
aren't blocking the street, but traffic is sluggish.

There's music and costumes and many children among the demonstrators. About two
dozen police are monitoring the event.

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

9:25 a.m.

Protest organizer Pete Woiwode, with the group California Partnership, said 10
people were arrested on Liedesdorff Street, a small street that runs behind the
Wells Fargo building, according to Bay City News

Police officers at the scene said 10 to 15 people who were in front of the doors
on that street were arrested for trespassing.

9 a.m.

Ten people have been arrested outside the bank headquarters, according to KTVU.
The protesters are sitting and standing around the bank chanting "We are the 99
percent."

Meanwhile, the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency has suspended
service on a cable car line as the anti-Wall Street protesters march downtown,
the Associated Press is reporting. Service on the California Street cable car
line will remain suspended until the crowd clears.

8:40 a.m.:

Bay City News reports dozens of demonstrators are sitting down in front of the
Wells Fargo building, located at 420 Montgomery St. between Sacramento and
California streets, while others are standing by or marching around the block.

Some demonstrators held signs reading "Foreclose Wall Street," "Stop the
corporate greed," and "We are the 99 percent."

San Francisco Supervisor John Avalos, who is running for mayor, was among them
and addressed the crowd.

"I welcome your fight and I join you in the effort," he said.

The march is organized by a number of groups including Causa Justa Just Cause,
Unite Here Local 2850, the California Partnership, Young Workers United and the
Chinese Progressive Association

8:15 a.m.:

Occupy SF protesters are blocking entrances at Wells Fargo Corporate
Headquarters on Montgomery St., according to KTVU.

Police are starting to remove some protesters in handcuffs.

Cable car service in the area has been stalled. In addition, traffic is clogged
throughout the Financial District.

The "Occupy Wall Street" movement spread to San Francisco last week, and to
Oakland, San Jose and other Bay Area cities this week.

Demonstrators say they want banks pay their fair share of taxes and be held
accountable for their role in the economic crisis.

Check back for updates.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Protesters march outside the Wells Fargo headquarters in San Francisco,
Calif. on Wednesday Oct. 12, 2011. The group Occupy San Francisco is holding the
anti-Wall Street rally because they wants banks to pay their fair share of taxes
and be held accountable for their role in causing the economic crisis, according
to a news release from the group. (Anda Chu/Staff)
Bobbi Lopez of Oakland, far right, upset over the foreclosure of her mother
in-law's west Oakland home, joins a group of protesters blocking an entrance to
the Wells Fargo headquarters in San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday Oct. 12,
2011. The group Occupy San Francisco is holding the anti-Wall Street rally
because they wants banks to pay their fair share of taxes and be held
accountable for their role in causing the economic crisis according, to a news
release from the group. (Anda Chu/Staff)
A group of protesters blocks an entrance to the Wells Fargo headquarters in San
Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday Oct. 12, 2011. The group Occupy San Francisco is
holding the anti-Wall Street rally because they wants banks to pay their fair
share of taxes and be held accountable for their role in causing the economic
crisis, according to a news release from the group. (Anda Chu/Staff)
Vanessa Moses of Berkeley leads a group of protesters in a chant outside the
Wells Fargo headquarters in San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday Oct. 12, 2011.
The group Occupy San Francisco is holding the anti-Wall Street rally because
they wants banks to pay their fair share of taxes and be held accountable for
their role in causing the economic crisis, according to a news release from the
group. (Anda Chu/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Police arrest Occupy San Francisco protesters at Wells Fargo headquarters

BYLINE: Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 891 words


Occupy San Francisco protesters marched and demonstrated outside Wells Fargo
headquarters today in the city's Financial District today.

Below are blog reports from this morning's protest. For the updated story, see
www.mercurynews.com/twitter/ci_19097398

11:20 a.m.

One of 11 demonstrators arrested in the San Francisco protests today said he
came to event because both his parents' home in Evanston, Illinois and his
grandmother's home in Chicago had been foreclosed on by banks.

Max Bell Alter, 31, was arrested this morning and taken to the San Francisco
Chinatown police station, where he and 10 others were cited for trespassing and
released. They have orders to appear in court on Nov. 16.

The more people that join the movement, the more "banks will have to be
accountable," said Alter, a Berkeley resident who belongs to United Here Local
2850.

Alter said that the Occupy protests around the area need to join forces and
"escalate the movement."

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

10:50 a.m.

The protest has thinned out a little and some demonstrators are trickling away.
About 150 remain.

Here and there, employees of the bank are being escorted into the bank building.

One Wells Fargo employee on her way to work said she supported the protesters,
because "they have the right to protest and because people are greedy."

"If I didn't have to go to work, I would be out there," said the employee, who
did not want to be named.

She said it was terrible that a Wells Fargo corporate executive can make
millions while so many workers are being laid off or are unemployed.

Bankruptcy attorney Robert Jackson, who works a block away, said he sympathizes
with the protesters, and knows firsthand what some are going through. His
business has increased by 10 times in the past four years.

People's goals for good jobs, housing and education are not being met. "They've
been through some tough times," Jackson said.

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

10:10 a.m.

Police have arrested 11 protesters on charges of trespassing, a police official
said. None have been released so far.

Buff Bradley, a retired teacher from Fairfax, said he came to the protest to
call attention to the "incredible economic injustice that has our country by the
throat."

Wells Fargo is a target for the protesters because the banks are "complicit in
the assault on ordinary people," said Bradley, who taught kindergarten in El
Cerrito, East Palo Alto and Corte Madera.

The goal is to be in the streets and let people know they don't have to accept
the assault by the top 1 percent, he said. Bradley hopes for mass uprisings
similar to what happened in Egypt earlier this year.

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

9:50 a.m.

So far, police have arrested 10 protesters for blocking entrances to the
building as Wells Fargo employees tried to get in this morning. Some protesters
said that those arrested may have been cited and already released.

About 300 are gathered for the event and four entrances to Wells Fargo are
blocked, including those on Montgomery and California streets. The protesters
aren't blocking the street, but traffic is sluggish.

There's music and costumes and many children among the demonstrators. About two
dozen police are monitoring the event.

-- Angela Woodall, Oakland Tribune

9:25 a.m.

Protest organizer Pete Woiwode, with the group California Partnership, said 10
people were arrested on Liedesdorff Street, a small street that runs behind the
Wells Fargo building, according to Bay City News

Police officers at the scene said 10 to 15 people who were in front of the doors
on that street were arrested for trespassing.

9 a.m.

Ten people have been arrested outside the bank headquarters, according to KTVU.
The protesters are sitting and standing around the bank chanting "We are the 99
percent."

Meanwhile, the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency has suspended
service on a cable car line as the anti-Wall Street protesters march downtown,
the Associated Press is reporting. Service on the California Street cable car
line will remain suspended until the crowd clears.

8:40 a.m.:

Bay City News reports dozens of demonstrators are sitting down in front of the
Wells Fargo building, located at 420 Montgomery St. between Sacramento and
California streets, while others are standing by or marching around the block.

Some demonstrators held signs reading "Foreclose Wall Street," "Stop the
corporate greed," and "We are the 99 percent."

San Francisco Supervisor John Avalos, who is running for mayor, was among them
and addressed the crowd.

"I welcome your fight and I join you in the effort," he said.

The march is organized by a number of groups including Causa Justa Just Cause,
Unite Here Local 2850, the California Partnership, Young Workers United and the
Chinese Progressive Association

8:15 a.m.:

Occupy SF protesters are blocking entrances at Wells Fargo Corporate
Headquarters on Montgomery St., according to KTVU.

Police are starting to remove some protesters in handcuffs.

Cable car service in the area has been stalled. In addition, traffic is clogged
throughout the Financial District.

The "Occupy Wall Street" movement spread to San Francisco last week, and to
Oakland, San Jose and other Bay Area cities this week.

Demonstrators say they want banks pay their fair share of taxes and be held
accountable for their role in the economic crisis.

Check back for updates.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vanessa Moses of Berkeley leads a group of protesters in a chant
outside the Wells Fargo headquarters in San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday Oct.
12, 2011. The group Occupy San Francisco is holding the anti-Wall Street rally
because they wants banks to pay their fair share of taxes and be held
accountable for their role in causing the economic crisis, according to a news
release from the group. (Anda Chu/Staff)
A group of protesters blocks an entrance to the Wells Fargo headquarters in San
Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday Oct. 12, 2011. The group Occupy San Francisco is
holding the anti-Wall Street rally because they wants banks to pay their fair
share of taxes and be held accountable for their role in causing the economic
crisis, according to a news release from the group. (Anda Chu/Staff)
Bobbi Lopez of Oakland, far right, upset over the foreclosure of her mother
in-law's west Oakland home, joins a group of protesters blocking an entrance to
the Wells Fargo headquarters in San Francisco, Calif. on Wednesday Oct. 12,
2011. The group Occupy San Francisco is holding the anti-Wall Street rally
because they wants banks to pay their fair share of taxes and be held
accountable for their role in causing the economic crisis according, to a news
release from the group. (Anda Chu/Staff)
Protesters march outside the Wells Fargo headquarters in San Francisco, Calif.
on Wednesday Oct. 12, 2011. The group Occupy San Francisco is holding the
anti-Wall Street rally because they wants banks to pay their fair share of taxes
and be held accountable for their role in causing the economic crisis, according
to a news release from the group. (Anda Chu/Staff)
Scene from Occupy San Francisco protest outside Wells Fargo headquarters, Oct.
12, 2011.
Scene from Occupy San Francisco protest outside Wells Fargo headquarters, Oct.
12, 2011.
Scene from Occupy San Francisco protest outside Wells Fargo headquarters, Oct.
12, 2011.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 25, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Advocate Candidate Steps Up Attacks on Rival

BYLINE: By JONATHAN P. HICKS

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 281 words


Susan D. Alter, the Republican-Liberal candidate for public advocate,
intensified her attacks yesterday on her Democratic opponent, Mark J. Green, the
former Consumer Affairs Commissioner. In recent days Ms. Alter has accused Mr.
Green of unethical behavior as a commissioner, saying he used sheriffs to
intimidate small-business owners into paying fines from the city.

"I think it's the height of hypocrisy," Ms. Alter said in an interview. "Mark
Green, who claims his specialty is preventing consumer fraud, is engaged in
massive unethical behavior in order to extract money from small-business
people."

Linda Sachs, a spokeswoman with the Consumer Affairs Department, said the agency
had a practice of sending letters on sheriff's stationery to businesses that
were operating without licenses and that owed money to the city, urging them to
pay. Failure to pay the fines, the letter stated, "will subject you to further
legal action by the Department of Consumer Affairs."

The letter, Ms. Sachs said, was "used to collect fines from illegal, unlicensed
businesses who had ignored all prior notices from the department that they
needed a license to operate and they had fines outstanding." The practice, she
said, was discontinued two weeks ago. Mr. Green resigned earlier this year as
head of the agency.

Ms. Sachs said the decision to send the letters was made by mid-level officials
of the department and that Mr. Green did not know of the practice.

Ms. Alter began running television advertisements last week accusing Mr. Green
of not speaking out during the boycott of a Korean-owned grocery by black
residents in Brooklyn and during the Crown Heights disturbance.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                            THE B AG in Liquidation;

                                 Tödistrasse 44
                                  Zürich 8002
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  7. Juli 2010
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Seestrasse 17/19
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Tödistrasse 44

DATUM:  21. April 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Seestrasse 45
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Seestrasse 17/19

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 420106654

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 07.04.2009
BESCHÄFTIGTE: -01


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  24. Dezember 2014

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf infolge Liquidation
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  28. März 2013
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  13. Mai 2013
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB 100 / 2013
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  28. Juni 2013
FRISTART 1:  Anmeldefrist für Forderungen
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Forderungen an: The B AG in Liquidation, zhv
Johannes Pfister, Tödistrasse 44, 8002 Zürich
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  28. Mai 2013
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc 90/2013
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Hinweis: Die Gläubiger der aufgelösten
Aktiengesellschaft werden aufgefordert, ihre Ansprüche anzumelden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Nina B Shapiro
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Washington DC (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Antonio Pardo Andretta
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Chacao (VE)
LAND:  Chile
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Solothurn


NAME:  Nicolas de Buman
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fribourg


NAME:  Jan Nyholm
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark


NAME:  Peter von Elten
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Bever
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich



GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Jan Nyholm
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark

NAME:  Hans-Rudolf Suter
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Feusisberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gränichen


LIQUIDATOR:
NAME:  Johannes Pfister
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Steven Bates
ORT:  Einsiedeln
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Ravi Chidambaram
ORT:  Singapur (SG)
LAND:  Singapur
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Thomas Müdespacher
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hinwil


NAME:  Johannes Pfister
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Rolf Ringdal
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Horgen


NAME:  Philippe Jean Tanner
ORT:  Uetikon am See
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Urnäsch


NAME:  Isabel Ulrike Zwicker
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Feuerthalen

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
66190 - Sonstige mit Finanzdienstleistungen verbundene Tätigkeiten
6910 - Rechtsberatung

   Die Gesellschaft bezweckt die Erbringung von Finanzdienstleistungen
insbesondere die Anlageberatung. Sie kann Unternehmen und/oder Beteiligungen
derselben im In- und Ausland erwerben, sich mit solchen zusammenschliessen oder
solche gründen, Grundstücke oder Rechte an Grundstücken, Patente, Lizenzen und
andere immaterielle Güter erwerben, veräussern oder vergeben sowie alle
Geschäfte eingehen und Verträge abschliessen, die geeignet sind, den Zweck der
Gesellschaft zu fördern, oder direkt oder indirekt damit in Zusammenhang stehen.
Die Gesellschaft kann im Rahmen ihres Gesellschaftszweckes im In- und Ausland
Grundstücke erwerben, überbauen, belasten und veräussern und sich an anderen
Unternehmen beteiligen, solche gründen oder übernehmen.

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00

NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 920'579.30
LIBIERUNG:  920579.30 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  9'205'793
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Die Übertragbarkeit der Namenaktien ist nach Massgabe der
Statuten beschränkt.

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Juni 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 643'460.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 920'579.30

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  31. Mai 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 459'614.70
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 643'460.50


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Januar 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 419'614.70
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 459'614.70


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. Dezember 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 410'550.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 419'614.70


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. August 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 330'550.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 410'550.20


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. Juli 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 302'986.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 330'550.20


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  4. Mai 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 260'308.60
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 302'986.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. November 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 251'374.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 260'308.60


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Mai 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 236'363.80
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 251'374.20


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Dezember 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 208'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 236'363.80


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. September 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 208'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  11. April 2013
ALTES DOMIZIL:  THE B AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  THE B AG in Liquidation

DATUM:  15. September 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  THE B AG (THE B SA) (THE B Inc.)
NEUES DOMIZIL:  THE B AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 28, 2006 Thursday

Alter's fall success had AD hopping

BYLINE: Dave Lamb HERE AND THERE

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-8

LENGTH: 572 words


Before Chris Hart could wear her hat as Alter High School's girls basketball
coach, she had to take off her hat as the school's athletic director. And that
took awhile.

Hart had more logistics to worry about than ever before with Alter's prolonged
fall season, which resulted in unprecedented success for the Knights.

Let's recap Alter's fall season:

Volleyball: State champions for the third time with a 26-3 record.

Football: State runner-up with stifling defense and a powerful running attack.

Boys soccer: State runner-up with 18-3-1 record.

Girls cross country: State runner-up for third straight season, just three
points behind state champion Salem. Led by eighth-place finisher Hilary
Esselstein.

Boys cross country: Tim Raffio was a state qualifier for the Knights, who
finished district runner-up.

Girls soccer: With high school All-American Carly Mygrants, tied for first in
the Girls Greater Cincinnati League. The Knights finished 13-5-1 against one of
the toughest schedules in the state for a Division II team.

Boys golf: Sectional champion, led by Chris Woeste.

Girls golf: Junior Kathleen Glavin was a state qualifier.

Girls tennis: Junior Jenny Graul and sophomore Alex Niekamp qualified for the
state tournament in doubles.

Now, the question is whether Hart's basketball team can match the success of
Alter's fall teams. The Knights, who went 21-3 last year and are five-time
defending champs in the GGCL Grey Division, could keep Hart busy again at
tournament time.

Sheils has good season

Molly Sheils' freshman soccer season at Capital University in Columbus didn't
look too promising when the Crusaders started out 3-6. But thanks to some
stellar overtime work by the Centerville graduate, Capital wound up with a
conference title and a trip to the NCAA tournament.

Sheils scored the deciding goal over Otterbein College to earn Capital's first
Ohio Athletic Conference tournament championship since 1999. The title sent
Capital to its second NCAA Division III tourney.

The teams were scoreless after regulation play and two overtime periods. When a
series of five penalty kicks couldn't decide the outcome, the format went to
one-on-one. That's when the former Elk connected.

The Crusader forward helped Capital reach the final by scoring the first goal in
a semifinal win over Ohio Northern.

Earlier in the season, Sheils was named the OAC Player of the Week when she
scored game-winning goals over Marietta College and nationally ranked Otterbein.

Capital's season ended in the NCAA tournament opener when Kenyon College scored
two goals in the final minutes for a 2-1 win. After their rocky start to the
season, the Crusaders finished 11-8-4.

Sheils finished the season with five goals and earned first-team All-OAC honors.
Her coach, Centerville native Dwight Burgess, was named OAC coach of the year.

21st Resolution Run set

The Beavercreek Cross Country Parents Association and Greene County Mothers
Against Drunk Driving are holding the 21st annual New Year's Eve Resolution Run
on Dec. 31.

The race will begin at 11:45 p.m. at Beavercreek High School, 2660 Dayton-Xenia
Road.

Participants can preregister online by Friday at www.active.com. Costs are $17
(with long-sleeved T-shirt); $19 (with XXL T-shirt); and $12 with no T-shirt.

Race night registration (6 to 11 p.m.) costs are $20, $22 and $15, respectively.
For more information, call Mike Storage at (937) 426-5934.

Contact this columnist at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Meyer joins fundraiser;
Miamisburg Rotary to host event with Ohio State coach.;
BASKETBALL NOTES

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 675 words


The Miamisburg Rotary is gearing up for "An Evening with Urban Meyer."

The Ohio State University head football coach will be at Canopy Creek Farm in
Miamisburg from 5:30 p.m. to 8 p.m. on Feb. 26 for the Rotary's charitable trust
frundraiser. Tickets are limited and cost $200, which includes dinner. Tickets
are available at Bullwinkle's in Miamisburg during regular business hours.

Miamisburgrotary.org offers further information.

Miamisburg sophomore offensive lineman Josh Myers recently became the Buckeyes'
first verbal commit for the recruiting Class of 2017.

? Kentucky continues to focus on recruiting area football players. Wayne
football coach Jay Min-ton confirmed that junior cornerback Tobias Gilliam
verbally committed Wednesday to play for the Wildcats.

Trotwood-Madison senior defensive back Kei Beckham signed with the Wildcats last
week. Already with the team are sophomore center Zach Myers (Miamisburg) and
freshman linebacker Dorian Hendrix (Wayne).

Kentucky also offered Wayne freshman quarterback/receiver L'Christian Smith
during the Warriors' playoff run last season.

Gilliam had offers from Indiana, Cincinnati, Bowling Green and Eastern Michigan.
Chaminade Julienne QB Jacob Harrison (Akron) is the only other area junior to
commit yet. Wayne junior QB Messiah DeWeaver, a Trot-wood transfer, decommitted
from Michigan.

? The 15th annual President's Cup girls volleyball tournament is this weekend.
Sponsored by the Dayton Juniors Volleyball Club, it will draw more than 400
teams from seven Midwestern states and Canada.

Area games will be played on 27 courts at the Dayton Convention Center, the
RecPlex and Frericks Center at the University of Dayton, Wright State's McLin
Gymnasium, South Metro and the Columbus Convention Center.

Games start both days at 8 a.m. and the event is free and open to the public.
The AAU girls volleyball circuit also is a major recruiting season for college
coaches.

The tourney is billed as the largest club event in Ohio. For more information
see daytonjuniorsvbc.com.

? Duke-bound Franklin senior Luke Kennard's 39.0 scoring average isn't his only
impressive stat. He's shooting 60.2 percent (244 of 405), is making 53.7 percent
of his 3-point attempts (80 of 149) and 88.3 percent of his free throws (212 of
240).

That adds up to 780 points, which was good enough to surpass Geno Ford as the
No. 3 all-time career scorer among Ohio boys following Tuesday's 80-46 leveling
of rival Carlisle. Franklin (19-1) hosts Eaton today and wraps up the regular
season at Valley View next Friday.

Kennard has 2,690 career points. He has a shot at No. 2 Jay Burson (2,958). Jon
Diebler is No. 1 with 3,208. Kennard also is averaging 9.6 rebounds, 5.5 assists
and 2.4 steals.

? The Alter and Tippecanoe girls basketball teams pulled off rare regular-season
feats on Wednesday, completing perfect 22-0 seasons. Alter beat rival Chaminade
Julienne 65-41 and Tipp downed Springfield Shawnee 70-37.

Alter and Tipp also are ranked 1-2 in the state Division II rankings.

A No. 1 seed in the upcoming D-II sectional, Alter opens postseason play at
Lebanon on Wednesday against Stivers. Also a No. 1 seed, Tipp opens at Tecumseh
on Feb. 21 against Greenville.

It's the second straight season Alter has gone unbeaten. The Knights own a
51-game regular-season win streak.

? Trotwood-Madison's boys basketball game against visiting Thur-good Marshall
has been rescheduled from Tuesday to Wednesday. It'll be a tripleheader;
freshmen will play at 5 p.m., JV at 6: 30 p.m. and varsity at 8 p.m.

The change was made to avoid a conflict with Trotwood's girls sectional opener
against Belmont at Lebanon on Tuesday.

? The D-I and D-II swim sectionals are today and Saturday at Trotwood and
Washington Twp. Rec Center at Centerville. The boys compete at 6:30 p.m. today
and the girls on Saturday (10 a.m. at the rec center and 3 p.m. at Trotwood).

? The boys basketball sectional tourney seed meetings are Sunday at Centerville,
Piqua and Troy.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.Pen dleton@coxinc.com
Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              July 1, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Voter purge justified

SECTION: VIEWS & NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 397 words


The premise of Jonathan Alter's column "GOP voter suppression plan grinds on" is
nonsense. Predictably, he charges that Republicans are raising the bar too high
by advocating that everyone attempting to cast a vote actually has to prove they
have a right to cast a vote. Linking rights with responsibility is alien
thinking to liberals like Alter.

Conveniently, he fails to mention that tightening voter procedures was a
reaction to ACORN registering 400,000 fraudulent voters in 2008, or the 113
convictions of voter fraud in Minnesota, or the four in Troy, N. Y., and that
the Indiana secretary of state -- ironically the person in charge of the state's
voting process -- was convicted of voter fraud. He was Republican.

Alter also fails to mention that in 19 states you don't have to prove who you
are to cast a vote. Yes they are big Democrat states. In 16 states, voters are
required to provide only one of several forms of ID, including utility bills.
That means that in 35 states you can grab your neighbor's mail and cast his vote
for your candidate. No one can catch you voting a second or third time, if you
don't have to prove who you are the first time. The 35 states that don't require
proof to vote control 232 electoral votes.

Elected and appointed Democrats are using the power of their offices to stop
poll workers from verifying the identity of voters. In Pennsylvania, North
Carolina, Minnesota and New Hampshire, Democratic governors vetoed photo ID laws
passed by the legislature.

Eric Holder, the attorney general, has stopped photo ID requirements in Texas
and South Carolina.

I think the reason liberal Democrats are afraid of laws that require a voter to
provide proof of identity is because they know from experience that
non-citizens, like the dead, have a history of voting reliably for Democrats.

Election Day is the one day where the process is more important than the result.
Citizens will accept an outcome they view as unfavorable if they are confident
in the process. Suspect the motives of those who oppose common-sense measures to
improve the integrity of our voting process. To paraphrase an old MasterCard
commercial, proving who you are to vote is inconvenient; having the electorate
confident of the process is priceless.

Steve Emerson

Valrico

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday

The streets of Depression-era Montreal made him a fighter early in life;
At 5 foot 3 and 125 pounds of pure muscle, he was Canadian featherweight
champion from 1947 to 1950

BYLINE: LISA FITTERMAN, Special to The Globe and Mail

SECTION: OBITUARIES; LOUIS ALTER, 86 / BOXER; Pg. S7

LENGTH: 1173 words


Louis Alter, the former Canadian featherweight champion, was always small for
his age, a scrap of a man who learned to protect himself and those he loved
early in life. Growing up poor and Jewish in Montreal during the Depression, he
began to box at the age of 8, training at a rough gym off of Dorchester
Boulevard. He was a boy with callused knuckles and perfect aim.

"He was the toughest guy in the neighbourhood," said his daughter, Cynthia Alter
. "There he was, my 5 foot, 3 inch father, and every second day, as he walked
his two younger brothers to school, he'd be challenged to a fight by a gang or a
group of kids. So he he'd pick out the tallest guy, say 'Hey you, tall guy, come
and get it,' and within seconds, the other boy would be on the ground."

Part of a generation of storied Jewish fighters, such as Maxie Spoon, Maxie
Berger, Solly Zalter and Manny Gitnick, Mr. Alter boxed 435 rounds over a
10-year professional career; by the time he retired from the ring in 1951, he
had compiled a record of 32 wins with 11 knockouts, 23 losses and seven draws.
As a featherweight, he was 125 pounds of pure muscle, fearless as he took on all
comers, especially Sandy Saddler, a Boston-born boxer who would become world
featherweight champion and land 10th on Ring magazine's list of all-time
champions in his weight class.

The record book shows that Mr. Alter beat Mr. Saddler in their first meeting, on
June 15, 1944 - one of only 16 losses in Mr. Saddler's career. Their second
match, which took place a week later at Madison Square Garden, ended in a
controversial draw. Speaking about that draw to a Montreal Gazette columnist
back in 1995, Mr. Alter referred ominously to "the New York clique," but refused
to elaborate. No matter how fast and strong you were, boxing could be a dirty
business.

He was born in Montreal in 1923, the sixth of Abraham and Annie Alter's eight
children. His father was a tailor and his mother, a housewife and talented baker
who, when the Depression hit, helped keep the family afloat by selling her
strudel and other delicacies.

It was the warm, loud working-class world Mordecai Richler described in novels
such as The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz, St. Urbain's Horseman and Barney's
Version, spread out east from Mount Royal to St. Lawrence Boulevard and beyond.
Indeed, in Barney's Version, Mr. Richler mentioned Mr. Alter in his description
of the neighbourhood "that had elected the only Communist (Fred Rose) ever to
serve as a member of Parliament, produced a couple of decent club fighters
(Louis Alter, Maxie Berger), the obligatory number of doctors and dentists, a
celebrated gambler-cum-casino-owner, more cutthroat lawyers than needed, sundry
schoolteachers and shmata millionaires, a few rabbis and at least one suspected
murderer."

It was a place where everyone knew everybody else's business and you learned to
take of yourself early - because if you were rash enough to walk down the wrong
street, you risked getting beaten by a rival gang.

Like many others of his generation, Mr. Alter quit school in his early teens to
help support his family, going to work in a dress factory owned by his mother's
brother, Lou Weinstein. (In later years, Mr. Weinstein would suffer a nervous
breakdown, becoming one of those patients at the Allan Memorial Institute
unwittingly used as guinea pigs in CIA mind-control experiments that involved
LSD and shock therapy.)

By the age of 14, Mr. Alter knew he wanted to box for a living. To that end, he
worked out nearly every day at the Jewish Y on the corner of Mount Royal
Boulevard and Jeanne Mance Street, punching bags, sparring with partners,
practising footwork and doing sit-ups, push-ups and chin-ups so that his upper
body was sculpted and strong. For cardio, he simply went outside, crossed the
street and ran up and down the mountain for several hours at a time, no matter
the weather.

When Canada entered the war, he enlisted, spending his service at a naval base
in northern B.C. Afterward, he moved to New York City because that was where
fighters went to realize their dreams. During his career, he fought all over the
U.S. and Canada before finishing with a few bouts in the United Kingdom, in
London and Leeds. From 1947 to 1950, he was the Canadian featherweight champion,
but he knew to quit when it became hard to win a match and even harder to come
back fresh for the next one.

Back in Montreal, Mr. Alter put his muscle and gift of the gab to work, tending
bar and working in sales for several of his brothers who were involved in the
rag trade. In 1954, while at a friend's birthday party, he met the love of his
life, Ruth Paulhus; their only child, Cynthia, was born in 1957. He was doting
father who believed little girls could do anything as well as boys, if not
better. They wrestled and tossed a football. He encouraged her in school. They
hung out together.

"Everyone knew him," Ms. Alter recalled. "In the 1960s, I remember my father
taking me to all these Jewish hangouts, to the Brown Derby (restaurant) for
brunch, for example, and people would come and say to me, 'You know your father,
he was the champion of Canada.' Everybody had a story for me, that they saw him
fight at the Forum (in Montreal) or somewhere else.

"I looked at my father, at his hands that were bashed in, with knuckles round
and swollen, at his flat nose from being broken, and I saw a hero," she
continued.

Ms. Alter saw a hero, too, in the fact that her father had a patchwork of scars
on his back, not from fighting, but from 1958, when the wife of his youngest
brother, Phillip, was badly burned in a gas explosion that also injured her
infant son. When the call went out to family for volunteers for skin grafts, he
was there without a second thought, along with one other brother.

In 1992, Ruth Alter had a stroke from which she never completely recovered. And
the next year, she suffered a second, catastrophic stroke that left her
paralyzed along one side and unable to speak. So began the biggest fight of Mr.
Alter's life, for he never accepted that his wife could not be rehabilitated.
Although doctors, aware of the extent of the brain damage, were reluctant to
acquiesce to his demands, he was used to fighting for what he wanted. When he
didn't get it, he only fought harder.

"He made the physiotherapists teach him the exercises my mother needed and then
he'd sit there every day, bending her legs and moving them," his daughter said.
"He thought at some point, there'd be a miracle."

But there was none. Although Mrs. Alter lived for another 7½ years, she was
never able to come home and pick up life where they'd left off. When she died,
he was devastated - and angry. "He didn't like to lose," said Ms. Alter. "He
didn't like that this was one fight he couldn't win."

Louis Alter

Louis Alter was born in Montreal on Feb. 12, 1923. He died there on Sept. 15,
2009, after a battle with Lewy Body Disease, a type of dementia. He was 86. He
leaves his daughter, Cynthia Alter and brother, David Alter.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 9, 2009 Monday

D-II teams pass 18 times in the draw

BYLINE: By Chick Ludwig and Greg Billing Staff Writers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 512 words


FAIRBORN - Joe Petrocelli is in his 45th season as Alter's only head coach, and
he hasn't seen anything like what he witnessed on Sunday, Feb. 8.

Bellbrook, Chaminade Julienne, Oakwood and Franklin passed a combined 18 times -
including 13 straight - during the Division II boys basketball tournament draw
at Wright State University's Ervin J. Nutter Center.

"For 13 teams (in the D-II tournament at Lebanon High School), that was a lot of
passing," Petrocelli said. "I couldn't keep up with it after a while. That was
very strange, as odd as I've seen."

The top four seeds - stateranked Wilmington, Thurgood Marshall, Dunbar and Alter
- quickly spread out on the board with Wilmington and Dunbar going into the
lower bracket, and Marshall and Alter opting for the upper bracket.

That's when all the passing began. Carroll finally broke the ice by going into
the lower bracket and Oakwood followed suit. Franklin and CJ eventually went to
the upper bracket, and Bellbrook chose the lower.

"This is one of the best sectionals, if not the best sectional, in Southwest
Ohio this year," tournament manager Joe Roberts said. "We're looking forward to
having them in Lebanon and putting on a nice show for everybody."

Wilmington (15-1) takes on the Bellbrook-Little Miami winner; Marshall (13-3)
faces the CJ-Valley View winner; Dunbar (9-5) hooks up with Monroe; and Alter
(11-3) meets the Franklin-Hamilton Ross winner.

"It was an interesting draw," CJ coach Joe Staley said. "We came into it
believing we could play with any four of the top seeds. We were kind of open to
who we got in with. It's the tournament. You've got to beat some people."

The Divisions I, III and IV draws weren't as mystifying as D-II.

After D-I top seed Centerville claimed its spot in Dayton's Section 2 upper
bracket, No. 2 seed Trotwood-Madison slotted into Dayton's Section I lower
bracket.

Centerville and Trotwood-Madison are on a collision course to a district
showdown.

"We wanted to play against Dayton teams," T-M coach Mark Baker said. "We haven't
done a lot of scouting of the Cincinnati teams, so we don't know a lot about
them. We just felt our best chances are against teams from Dayton."

The Jefferson Broncos, top seeds in Division IV, are the masked marauders.

"We've got two kids (Michael Butler and David Pritchett) with broken noses and
both are wearing face masks," coach Art Winston said. "I'm excited to start.
It's about keeping focus because we haven't won our league yet. Once we finish
that up, we can start preparing for the tournament."

Anna and Miami East locked up the Nos. 1 and 2 seeds in Division III.

"(The Anna Rockets) certainly earned that No. 1 ranking," East coach Allen Mack
said. "They are the team to beat - not only in the sectional, but district and
regional as well. Obviously, we didn't want to play them early."

The 15-2 Rockets' only losses are against New Knoxville and Lehman.

"The fans get all excited about the records," Anna coach Matt Meyer said. "But
as a coach, you're worried about the next game. As soon as you win one, you're
worried about the next one."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kurt Hess and Chaminade Julienne will match up with Valley View in the
Division II boys basketball tournament. The winner gets No. 2 seed Thurgood
Marshall. Staff photo by Barbara J. Perenic
John Johnson and Bellbrook will face Little Miami with a date with 15-1
Wilmington as the prize in the Division II boys basketball tournament. Staff
photo by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 23, 2013 Saturday

Wolf gets back at Alter;
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL PLAYOFFS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 457 words


Clinton-Massie senior running back Bayle Wolf ran all over Phillip Drayton and
the Alter defense, going for 125 yards and all three of the Falcons' touchdowns
on 36 carries while ending the Knights' season on Friday. PHOTOS BY LISA POWELL
/ STAFF

Nick Coleman (top) celebrates with his teammates after scoring Alter's first
touchdown of the game.

DAYTON - Bayle Wolf was in eighth grade the last time Clinton-Massie faced Alter
in the high school football playoffs and the senior remembers the Knights' 32-7
win in the 2009 Region 16 final well.

"I had some buddies that I played with in that senior class my freshman year
that lost to Alter," Wolf said. "I was doing this for them."

Continuing a career that ranks as one of the best in Ohio high school history,
Wolf rushed for all three of the Falcons' touchdowns in a 21-14 win over Alter
in the Division IV, Region 14 final before 7,000-plus at Welcome Stadium.

Wolf has 107 career touchdowns (97 on the ground), No. 6 all-time in Ohio.

"He's a special runner," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said. "He doesn't go down easy.
To be able to run against our defense the way he did is a tribute to him and his
offensive line."

Wolf 's resume also includes a third straight regional title.

Massie (12-1), the defending D-IV state champions, used a punishing ground game
and played keep-away long enough to outlast the Knights (11-2).

The Falcons capped a 19-play, 74-yard third-quarter drive that took 8:16 off the
clock with Wolf 's third touchdown to take a 21-7 lead.

Alter, which managed 101 yards of offense through three quarters, went down
swinging, however.

The Knights cut the deficit to 21-14 on a 1-yard run by Thomas Alig at the 6:20
mark of the fourth quarter and got the ball back with 3:19 to play. Alter, aided
by two clutch pass completions from Dusty Hayes to Nick Coleman and Jeff
Burwinkel, managed to reach the Massie 11 before turning the ball over on downs
with a little over a minute left.

Chaos ensued.

"Having the opportunity to compete in a regional final is something most kids
don't get to experience," Wolf said. "To win three in a row is something I'll
never forget."

Wolf ran for 125 yards on 36 carries as Massie ended with just 200 total yards.
Alter had 222, 121 of which came in the fourth quarter.

Both defenses were on their game. Massie, however, is the team that gets to play
one more. The Falcons take on Kenton in a state semifinal next Friday. The
location will be released Sunday.

"It was a hard, physical grind-it-out game," Massie coach Dan McSurley said. "It
was fitting how it ended."

Said Domsitz: "That was two very good football teams in the regional final and
that's what you'd expect."

Eric Frantz is the managing editor of JJ Huddle. Contact him at
efrantz@jjhuddle.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           February 17, 2005 Thursday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

State and area Republicans rally behind Alter for Senate

BYLINE: BY MATTHEW HATHAWAY Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 337 words


State and area Republican leaders are rallying behind Bill Alter, the GOP
candidate to replace Steve Stoll in the Missouri Senate, rather than Christopher
"Zip" Rzeppa, the former sports broadcaster and anti-abortion activist whom some
county Republicans wanted for the job.

The move is an effort to avert the political division that has marked the
Democratic Party in Jefferson County.

Last week, Rzeppa announced that he was collecting signatures to qualify for the
April 5 special election as an independent candidate. At a meeting of GOP
committeemen last month, Jefferson County Treasurer Ken Waller and other
Republicans unsuccessfully pushed for Rzeppa to be the party's nominee.

If Rzeppa collects about 960 signatures by Tuesday, he would run as an
independent against: Alter, a former state representative from High Ridge; the
Democratic nominee, Rep. Rick Johnson of High Ridge; and Rep. Harold Selby,
D-Cedar Hill, who intends to run as an independent.

The race, which some politicians expect to be one of the county's most
expensive, has fractured the county's Democratic Party. Johnson, of High Ridge,
has secured the support of U.S. Rep. Russ Carnahan, D-St. Louis, and state Rep.
Jeff Roorda, D-Barnhart. Selby won the endorsement of state Rep. Wes Wagner,
D-De Soto.

Last week, Republican George "Bob" Engelbach, a former state representative who
has been critical of the party's state leadership, predicted "a civil war" in
the county's Republican Party and said some of its leaders support Rzeppa.

On Tuesday, the Alter campaign announced the endorsements of many top Missouri
Republicans -- including Sen. Jim Talent, Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder and Treasurer
Sarah Steelman -- and Jefferson County Presiding Commission Mark Mertens.

"I think Bill Alter would make an excellent state senator for Jefferson County
because he understands the challenges facing a district with urban development,
as well as maintaining and improving a rural economy," Mertens said in a
prepared statement released by the Alter campaign.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        September 1, 1993, Wednesday, AM

Simpson-Alter lets Hurricane blow herself out

BYLINE: By Jack Cavanaugh SPECIAL TO THE STAR

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 790 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   NEW YORK - Andre Agassi joined Jennifer Capriati and former Wimbledon
champion Michael Stich as the big upset victims yesterday at the U.S. Open
tennis championships, but there was another upset with a Canadian flavor.

While the eastern seaboard braced for Hurricane Emily, Hurricane Helen Kelesi
blew herself out of the tournament.

Kelesi, the mercurial 23-year-old who is often her own worst enemy, was defeated
by fellow Torontonian Rene Simpson-Alter 7-6 (7-5), 6-3.

Simpson-Alter's victory over Kelesi had to qualify as an upset, since the
23-year-old Kelesi has been ranked as high as 13th in the world (in late 1989
and early 1990), although she has fallen to 70th after being as low as 129th
last year when she was plagued by injuries and illness.

The lefthanded Simpson-Alter, who is ranked 123rd and has never been higher than
70th, had lost to Kelesi in straight sets in two previous matches - once in
Florida and the second time at the SunLife Nationals.

Simpson-Alter said she was unhappy with the bizarre draw which matched her
against Kelesi.

"It was hard for both of us, since we practice together and we're friends," she
said. "But I think it was harder for her. I was the underdog, so she had the
pressure. And I think she was nervous."

Simpson-Alter now meets fifth-seeded Gabriela Sabatini of Argentina tomorrow.
Patricia Hy, 28, of Richmond Hill, meets 17-year-old amateur Lindsay Davenport
of Palos Verdes, Calif., today.

The only other remaining Canadian in the tournament is 20-year-old Daniel Nestor
of Willowdale who, in his Open debut, faces 11th-seeded Goran Ivanisevic today.

Simpson-Alter and her followers, including her husband Barry, endured some scary
moments late in the match after she went tumbling to the hard court when she
cramped while pursuing a shot. Her husband ran to her side, then helped her off
the court. She returned after a three-minute injury timeout.

"I started to cramp at 4-2 in the second set," Simpson-Alter said. "Then my left
calf suddenly gave way in the ninth game, and as I fell I landed on my left
ankle. It hurt so much that I thought I had broken it. I get cramps a lot, but
never this bad," said the former all- American at Texas Christian University.
"My father used to get them a lot, so I guess it runs in the family."

Meanwhile, Mary Joe Fernandez, the women's No. 6 seed, withdrew from the
tournament because of abdominal pain.

Last night, all of Agassi's boasts suddenly sounded empty.

He bragged about his new work ethic, his renewed confidence. He thought he'd
strut into the U.S. Open without playing many matches and just stroll off with
the trophy and the fat cheque.

Instead, he walked off a loser to Sweden's Thomas Enqvist, ranked No. 61, who
beat him 6-4, 6-4, 3-6, 6-7 (3-7), 6-2.

"It's definitely a setback for me," Agassi said. "To what degree I don't know
yet. Maybe I have to work a little harder."

Capriati was done in by her own errors in a 1-6, 6-4, 6-4 loss to Leila Meshki.

In every Grand Slam tournament this year, Capriati seemed only a step or two
from that once-and-for-all breakthrough victory.

But yesterday, she was much farther than that.

Capriati, seeded No. 7, suffered her earliest elimination in this tournament
following quarterfinal appearances at the Australian and French Opens and
Wimbledon this year, losing each time to Steffi Graf.

Losing to Graf, No. 1 in the world, is no disgrace. Losing to Meskhi, No. 37, is
not exactly the same thing.

"She was consistent," Capriati said. "I think she played the same basically the
whole time. The first set, I played great and basically she just kept the ball
in there and eventually I just missed.

"I had a lot of chances. A lot of shots I was making in the first set that I
started to miss."

Meshki, from Georgia, stuck to the baseline and let Capriati unravel. She broke
Capriati at love on four unforced errors in the seventh game of the third set
and served out the match when Capriati hit a forehand long. It was Capriati's
61st unforced error of the match.

Earlier, Stich lost in four sets to Henrik Holm of Sweden, 6-3, 7-6 (10-8) 3-6,
6-3.

Stefan Edberg barely survived a five-set scare from an upstart Frenchman to
begin his quest for a third consecutive Open title. And top-seeded Jim Courier
won in straight sets.

Edberg, bothered by trouble with his normally potent serve, dropped seven
consecutive games at one stretch and appeared listless in the New York heat and
humidity. But he had enough strength and too much tennis for Olivier Delaitre in
a 6-2, 0-6, 7-6 (9-7), 5-7, 6-3 victory, his 15th consecutive win at Flushing
Meadow since a first-round loss in 1990.

WITH FILES FROM STAR WIRE SERVICES

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: REUTER color photo: FLASHY RENE: Rene Simpson-Alter, one of a few
players to wear sunglasses, returns backhand en route to beating fellow Canadian
Helen Kelesi yesterday.

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                          December 17, 2003 Wednesday

Vote set for Cecil County mixed-use complex

BYLINE: Ezra Fieser

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


After negotiating for more than a year, a development team believes its latest
proposal to build a mixed use complex at a former naval base will finally seal
the fate of the 1,200-acre Cecil County site.

A team of developers has presented a new set of plans calling for 1,250
residential units and 5 million square feet of office space to the Bainbridge
Development Corp., a quasi-public agency charged with overseeing the development
of the base, which was vacated by the U.S. Navy in 1976.

Executives from Columbia-based Manekin Corp., H&S Properties Development Corp.,
of Baltimore, and Bel Air-based Clark Turner Cos. presented the plans Monday.

"We are hopeful that we'll have a decision by next Monday," Richard Alter,
Manekin president and CEO, said.

Bainbridge -- which was set up by Maryland officials after it conveyed ownership
of the property to Cecil County --called a special meeting to vote on the
proposal Monday. If it accepts, the three developers would add Bainbridge as a
partner.

The project would be built out over 15 years, with construction starting within
18 months. Alter would not reveal the total costs.

"It's a very large site. If you cut it up into thirds, one-third would be open
space. One-third would be business space and the other third would be
residential," Alter said. "I think we did well [Monday] night. But I don't want
to jinx myself. There have been other moments over the past 15 months when I
thought we did well."

Development of the base -- where more than 55,000 military and civilian
personnel were stationed during World War II -- has taken turns over the past
three years.

In 2000, a Reston, Va., company laid out a plan to build a weekend golf course
retreat with more than 1,200 upscale homes and a cable car that would transport
residents to nearby Port Deposit. But Lowe Enterprises Community Development
Inc. reportedly dumped the plans after it was unable to reach an agreement about
sewage and water service.

Ten months ago, Manekin proposed a plan to develop a mixed-use complex that
included a technology center for Ohio-based Berkshire Laboratories Inc. Last
month, the developers abandoned those plans after Bainbridge delayed a vote on
the proposal.

After the Manekin team announced its decision, Bainbridge said it had been
contacted by several other companies, including the Rouse Co. of Columbia.

However, Alter said he is optimistic about the team's latest proposal.

"To a certain extent, the proposal was different than the first one we made 10
months ago," in that it no longer includes Berkshire, Alter said.

Alter stopped short of calling the business section a "technology park," but he
said the "park will hopefully be higher tech, with higher-wage employment."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 17, 2006 Thursday

Summer competition helps Alter volleyball players fine-tune their skills

BYLINE: Dave Lamb HERE AND THERE

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-12

LENGTH: 897 words


If Alter High School volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski wanted to touch base with
her players this summer, she would've had a difficult time reaching most of
them.

Nearly all of the Knights played club ball and a half-dozen - three sophomores
and three seniors - competed at junior nationals in Atlanta.

Out of 24 kids returning from the freshmen, junior varsity and varsity teams,
only three didn't play club ball.

"We are already seeing some marked improvement in both play and court maturity
from all of our kids," Jasinowski said.

"Our kids always seem to come back with pretty significant improvement -
certainly makes my job a little easier."

Senior outside hitter Sarah Fisher helped the Cincinnati Classics 17s team win
the national championship in the American Division. She was named to the
all-tournament team.

Other returning varsity players who competed at nationals were seniors Kacie
Hausfeld and Emily Borchers and sophomore Kelsey Buehrle.

Alter finished 20-7 last year, falling in the regional final to eventual
Division II state champion Cincinnati Roger Bacon.

The Knights return nine of 10 varsity players and five of six starters.

Jasinowski will pick up three players this fall.

"We have seven seniors and should be both very experienced and very solid
skill-wise all around the court," the coach said.

"Our players have a lot of versatility, as we have probably five or six kids who
play multiple positions and can really give us some depth and versatility."

Jasinowski has seen several impressive Division II teams over the summer, but
believes the Knights stack up favorably. "I don't think it will be an easy route
for us, but I think we certainly have the right tools to be the best team in the
state," she said.

The Knights supported that assertion when they won the Minster Route 66
tournament in July without dropping a single game.

They also won the team tournament at the University of Dayton team camp where
Hausfeld was named camp MVP.

They followed by reaching the gold division final of the Maumee Bay
Spiketacular. The Knights compiled a 31-4 record over three days on the court.

"Not a bad showing for the summer and hopefully some indication of good things
to come this fall," said the coach.

Alter opens with Cincinnati Mother of Mercy on Aug. 26. The Knights are also
looking at an early showdown with Roger Bacon on Aug. 29.

Top Knights move on to college

Four former Alter volleyball standouts are playing at the college level,
including Duke University teammates Carrie Demange and Ali Hausfeld.

Lindsey Woeste, a 2004 graduate, is playing the libero position at Davidson
College in North Carolina.

Mandy Robbe, a 2005 graduate, is playing at the University of Dayton.

She saw action last year as a walk-on with the Flyers.

Alumni guiding future stars

Alter's volleyball staff has a familiar look with two former players.

Sarah Hess, who just graduated from Heidelberg College, will serve as Alter's
freshmen coach.

Hess was a four-year starter at Heidelberg, where she career records for digs
and aces.

Elizabeth (Franz) Gerlach, a 1998 Alter graduate, is the junior varsity coach.

Contact this columnist at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 29, 2006 Friday

Alter girls knock off Fairmont;
Knights hand their Kettering rival its first loss of the season in defensive
struggle.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 365 words


KETTERING - Being known as one of the best girls high school basketball teams in
the Miami Valley wasn't good enough for Alter. The Knights wanted to be the best
in Kettering, too.

An aggressive second-half offense and quicker defense did the trick, helping
Alter hand host Fairmont its first loss, 43-35, in a nonconference game
Thursday. Fairmont (10-1), attempting to defend its home court at the James S.
Trent Arena, surrendered a seasonhigh in points, albeit by one.

"We both go all out on each other," said Alter senior forward Louise
VandenBosch, who tied for a team-high 10 points. "It's Fairmont. They're always
good."

The Firebirds showed glimpses of why they were No. 1 in Division I of the Dayton
Daily News rankings. Just not often enough.

Missed free throws (10-of-17 overall), turnovers (14) and cold shooting (two
field goals in the second half) all hurt. The second half was a drastic
turnaround for a team that led for all but two minutes in the first half and
deep into the third quarter.

"It's a wake-up call in the sense we have to be able to handle ourselves against
outstanding programs," Fairmont coach Tim Cogan said. "We have to be able to
compete day in and day out against great teams."

Alter (8-1), ranked No. 1 in D-II, started driving inside against a taller
opponent. Meghan Waterman's consecutive drives capped the third quarter and gave
the Knights their first lead (28-26) since early in the first. Fairmont tied it
on Abbie Dalton's free throws to start the fourth. But Alter's crisp-passing
offense worked the perimeter and drained the clock. Fairmont went the final 4:56
without a field goal.

"When you play the Fairmonts and Centervilles and anyone in our league, they
have prepared so well they'll take a lot of your stuff away," Alter coach Chris
Hart said of making possessions count. "It comes down to who can execute
better."

Alter's Nicole Christie and Vanden-Bosch combined for four free throws.
VandenBosch's basket off an inbounds pass with 1:19 left gave the Knights their
largest lead (41-33). Twice in the fourth Fairmont missed the first free throw
in the bonus.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991 or
gbilling@DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fairmont's Briannna Welch goes up for the shot over Alter's Stephanie
Vermillion during their nonconference game on Thursday. The Knights improved to
8-1 as they handed the Firebirds their first loss. Staff photo by Dave Munch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                             Alter Asset Management

                                1980 Springer Dr
                               Lombard,  IL 60148
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 312-204-7344
URL: http://www.alterassetmanagement.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.facebook.com/alterassetmanagement
http://www.linkedin.com/company/alter-assetmanagement
http://www.youtube.com/user/TheAlterGroup
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/117289686253185358071/+Alterassetmanagement/posts/
p/pub
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/117289686253185358071/117289686253185358071/posts
https://twitter.com/AlterAsset
https://www.linkedin.com/company/alter-assetmanagement

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 7683137

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  LEED
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Alter Asset Management is a company focussed on Scopes, Imaging Services,
Landscaping, Leasing Services, Punching, and 6 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Alter Asset Management does business in the
Agriculture, Automation, and Automotive Industries, as well as 24 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Alter Asset Management has at least 3 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Our real
estate asset management focuses on creating results for asset owners and
guaranteeing tenants a high-performance business home with 24-hour service."

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
53121000
SIC CODES:
65310000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Scopes


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Imaging Services
     ·    Landscaping
     ·    Leasing Services
     ·    Punching
     ·    Strategic Planning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Home & Garden
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Mining
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Gold
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Rubber


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Ambulances, Baseboards, Bells, Boilers, Booms, Cardboard,
Cardboard Boxes, Carpet Tile, Cash Registers, Chairs, Clothing, Coins,
Commercial Buildings, Containers, Cosmetics, Dehumidifiers, Desks, Dolls,
Dresses, Drywall, Games, Generators, Gold, Guides, Hats, HVAC Systems, Imaging
Services, Industrial Buildings, Invitations, Keystones, Landscaping, Leasing
Services, Lighting, Lights, Mezzanines, Office Chairs, Organizers, Overalls,
Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Photography, Pictures, Platforms, Polymers,
Posts, Profiles, Punching, Ramps, Registers, Repair & Maintenance, Rubber,
Scales, Scopes, Seed, Sheets, Shoes, Solutions, Spot Lights, Strategic Planning,
Tags, Targets, Trophies, Vapor Barriers, Water Coolers

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2010 Dumrath & Fassnacht KG (GmbH & Co.)
                              All Rights Reserved

                                   DufaIndex

                                 24. Juli 2010

                     Amerika 2000 GmbH & Co. Objekte USA KG

                                 Alter Wall 22
                                 Hamburg 20457
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
HR-NUMMER: HRA 94498

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSFORM: Kommanditgesellschaft
FIRMENART: Handelsregister
VEROEFFENTL-ART:
Registerliche Zuordnung

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *
GERICHT: 20355 Hamburg

20355 Hamburg Amerika 2000 GmbH & Co. Objekte USA KG 20457 Hamburg Alter Wall 22
HRA 94498 Veraenderungen 02.08.2010 In () gesetzte Angaben der Anschrift und des
Geschäftszweiges erfolgen ohne Gewähr. Veränderungen 02.08.2010 Amerika 2000
GmbH & Co. Objekte USA KG, Hamburg, Alter Wall 22, 20457
Hamburg.Geschäftsanschrift: Alter Wall 22, 20457 Hamburg. Jeder Liquidator
vertritt einzeln. Liquidator: Blue Capital USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH,
Hamburg (AG Hamburg HRB 72726). Die Gesellschaft ist aufgelöst.

UPDATE: 4. August 2010


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

Knights net state's top spot;
Alter boys volleyball team tops D-II state rankings despite its young roster.

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 527 words


KETTERING - The Alter Knights have gone from underdogs to the leaders of the
pack.

"People have realized they can't play their subs when they play us," Alter
second-year coach Craig Erford said.

The Knights (8-3) are the top-ranked Division II team in the state in the Ohio
High School Boys Volleyball rankings.

"Last year, it was a lot different, there was no pressure and nothing to lose,"
senior setter Keaton Pieper said. "People used to see us as an easy game - not
any more."

Title aspirations

A young Alter team - there are only two seniors on a sophomore-packed roster -
made it to the state tournament last year. But that's where the fairy tale
season ended in a semifinal loss to state runner-up Columbus St. Charles.

"It's like sharks when there's blood in the water," Erford said, smiling. "They
got the taste in their mouth and want more. We not only want to get to state -
we want to win it."

The Knights returned a core group of seven juniors who saw significant playing
time during the 2010 season as well as Pieper, a four-year varsity player and
defending Division II West Region player of the year.

"We know what we are capable of now and we know, with the state recognition that
people are gunning for us," Pieper, a setter, said. "But that target is
motivation for us to not let those teams beat us."

Tournament trail

In an effort to prepare the Knights for postseason success, Erford made sure the
regular season was just as tough. "I pumped up the schedule a bit," he said.

"A bit" might be a bit of an understatement. The top-seeded Knights will play
Akron Hoban and Cuyahoga Falls Walsh Jesuit, tied for the No. 2 spot in the
state and No. 4 St. Charles this weekend in the Division II Elite tournament in
Akron. They will follow that up with a match at Centerville on Monday against an
Elks team they have never beaten and is ranked No. 7 in the state among D-I
teams.

The Knights' only losses this season have come to Cincinnati powers Moeller, St.
Xavier and La Salle, the first, second and fourth-ranked D-I teams in the state,
respectively.

"I think some of the teams, especially some of the bigger D-I teams, didn't see
this coming," junior outside hitter Chuck Eisenhauer said. "But, now, we've got
people's attention. There's some pressure that comes with that but it's not
anything we can't handle."

A national stage

Alter is one of five Ohio teams that will compete in the State College
Invitational Varsity Boys' Volleyball Tournament at Penn State on May 6.

"I am really happy to be a part of a team that is bringing Alter to a new
level," Pieper said.

Pieper, who broke the school career assist record early this season, has a court
full of targets.

Senior opposite side hitter Luke McCrate has 74 kills and Eisenhauer has put
down 71, despite having missed the first five matches of the season because of a
knee injury. Mitch Lush, Nate Kinsella and Charlie Schaefer have added a
combined 181 kills for the Knights.

"Early this season, we had a huge team-building weekend with 'Amazing Race' type
activities, two nights sleeping over at Keaton's house and, even, a team mass,"
Eisenhauer. "We have really come together as a team and it shows."

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School's Cameron Heyd hits the ball during practice. Heyd is
a member of the state's top-ranked volleyball squad. Staff photo by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 26, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

NEW ORLEANS FLIGHTS: MOST TRAFFIC ONE WAY PEOPLE TRAVEL, STAY PUT, AT ANDREW'S;
WHIM

BYLINE: Patricia Rice Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 806 words


Debbi Lynch flew out of harm's way Tuesday, but just barely.  At New Orleans'
Moisant International Airport, she heard her name called out from the standby
list for a TWA flight to St. Louis - the next-to-last name on the roster.  The
New Orleans airport closed a couple of hours later as Hurricane Andrew zeroed in
on the Gulf Coast.  ''I can't believe I got on,'' she said with a smile after
her arrival at Lambert Field. She dashed to a bank of pay telephones to phone
home in the city to tell her family she was safe.  Weeks ago she signed up for a
class in New Orleans as part of her job at the Defense Mapping Agency here.  On
Sunday, she said, all of New Orleans seemed to be closing - all but her classes.
Finally, at 8 a.m. Tuesday, the course was canceled. She packed in a twinkling
and tore to the airport.  ''It isn't that I thought I was in personal danger,''
she said. ''But if I didn't get out before the hurricane, who knows how long it
would be before I would see my family?'' .  Mississippi River skipper Jimmy
Bryson of St. Louis has great respect for Hurricane Andrew.  Late Tuesday
afternoon, he tied up his southbound towboat, the Bernard G., near Vicksburg,
Miss., a full 437 miles north of the mouth of the Mississippi.  Until the
hurricane has passed, Bryson will go no closer to the gulf. The Bernard G.'s
crew of eight took extra precautions in securing the boat and its barges. The
storm may produce river surges near New Orleans up to 20 feet, forecasters said.
Bryson, his crew and just about everyone in the riverboat business spent part of
Tuesday remembering Hurricane Betsy.  On Sept. 5, 1965, Betsy roared right up
the Mississippi River. Its 20-foot high storm surge lifted water out of the
river's banks all the way upriver to Baton Rouge.  Bryson's boss, Dennis Dorris
of the Alton-based Alter Barge Line Inc., said his first concern this week had
been his employees.  Alter has seven tows, each with a crew of nine, on the
Mississippi below Cairo, Ill.  One of them, the Beverly Ann, was near New
Orleans Monday afternoon.  ''I gave orders to Capt. Wayne Evans to bring her
north, and she's about to Natchez (Miss.) now,'' Dorris said late Tuesday.
Forty-five of Alter's barges are in other fleets in New Orleans. Twenty- foot
storm surges could break up and swamp some of those barges, he said.  .  Leaving
New Orleans might have been hard. But getting there was no problem for Mike
Mashon of New Orleans.  He had plenty of elbow room on TWA's Flight 633 Tuesday
afternoon from St.  Louis to New Orleans. Only 17 passengers boarded the
aircraft, which holds 146.  Mashon was returning home to help his mother, aunts
and cousins drive from their homes, upriver to Baton Rouge, where relatives had
prepared room for them.  .  Also boarding Flight 633 to New Orleans was Dan Hay,
23, an engineer with the merchant marine, heading off to his first job since he
got his license and graduated from Maine Maritime Academy.  ''I'm pretty sure my
ship has already left the harbor,'' he said, ''but I have to be there anyway -
you know, first job.'' Denise Parsons, flight attendant on the plane, said
Flight 633 was nearly full most days.  ''Last flight to New Orleans - come on
aboard,'' she said.  ''We're going to make it a nice flight. Everyone gets free
drinks.'' After all, she said, the flight would be the best part of the day for
most of those aboard.  .  Two New Orleans residents, Craig and Lyndlee Baker,
had high praise for TWA when they arrived from their battened-down city.  After
securing their house in the Lakeview neighborhood of New Orleans, they decided
to leave immediately for San Francisco.  They already had tickets on TWA, but
the tickets were for later in the week.  Worse, the tickets were discounted -
''the kind with no departure date changes allowed,'' Craig Baker said.  ''But
TWA let us on and didn't charge us any extra,'' he said. ''People were calm and
nice.'' (Fol lowing text ran in the 3* Edition only) .  James Frey of Los
Angeles had an unexpectedly quick round trip between St.  Louis and New Orleans.
He left Lambert Monday on a connecting flight to New Orleans, where he planned
to make a sales pitch for his company's clothing line to the Saks Fifth Avenue
store.  When he was interviewed Monday, he was asked if he had checked to see
whether his meeting was canceled. He replied ''Saks would not cancel things;
I've been through earthquakes.'' But not a hurricane. On Monday afternoon, he
found the New Orleans Saks closed.  He had a fine dinner in New Orleans. But
back at Lambert on Tuesday, he ate crow.  ''I had to get up this morning at 4:30
a.m. to get to the airport by 6 a.m. to have my ticket changed,'' he said.  ''I
had no idea about this hurricane's strength. At least, they get advance notice.
''In LA, we don't, with earthquakes.''

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by L.T. Spence / St. Charles Post ...Definitely Dog Days
... ABOVE: St. Charles Police Officer Todd Wilson, right, demonstrating the
training of his 115-pound German Shepherd, Apoll, with the help of Officer Brian
Morrissey, playing the part of the suspect and bracing for an attack by Apoll.
RIGHT: Children who watched the demonstration having a chance to pet Apoll. The
children were attending a St. Charles Kiwanis picnic at Kiwanis Park at Elm
Street and Elm Point Road in St. Charles.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Sky introduce Amber Stocks as new head coach

BYLINE: By Patricia Babcock McGraw pbabcock@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 338 words


Sky introduce Amber Stocks as new head coach

Winning a championship gives a player credibility, panache.

It does the same thing for a coach.

It's certainly one of the reasons Michael Alter was attracted to Amber Stocks.
When the Chicago Sky owner began to look for a new head coach last month, he put
championship experience near the top of his wish list.

Stocks was an assistant coach last season for the Los Angeles Sparks, who won
the 2016 WNBA championship after winning just 14 of 34 games in the previous
season.

On Tuesday, Alter introduced Stocks as the Sky's new head coach, replacing Pokey
Chatman, who was not retained after six seasons in Chicago.

"We are extremely excited to hand over the leadership of the team to Amber,"
Alter said. "(She) brings a youthful, positive energy along with a wealth of
basketball knowledge.

"She brings essential experience from assisting the evolution of the Los Angeles
Sparks from contenders to champions."

Stocks, who played college ball at Cincinnati and got her most extensive
coaching experience as an assistant at Xavier for seven seasons, is excited for
a homecoming of sorts.

"As a native of the Midwest, I feel fortunate to return to the region with my
family," Stocks said. "I look forward to sharing my passion for basketball with
this talented team of true professionals. I am excited to build on the recent
momentum and grow our team's success."

Stocks has no head coaching experience, and that fact was not lost on Alter. But
as he got to know Stocks more, he worried about that less.

"Amber certainly started out as a longshot," Alter said. "But the first time I
spoke with her and as she moved through the process she continued to stand out
and impress us and her star just kept rising and rising.

"Any time you make a hire, there's a risk involved and certainly this is the
case here (due to Stocks' lack of head coaching experience), but it's a risk
that we're extremely comfortable with. We have a very strong belief in Amber and
think she is a perfect candidate for our team."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                         Alliance One International AG;

                                Hauptstrasse 53
                                Birsfelden 4127
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  18. April 1996
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Arlesheim
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Birsfelden

DATUM:  18. Dezember 1995
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Carouge GE
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Arlesheim BL

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0613199319
TELEFAX: 0613199318
INTERNET: www.aointl.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406275681

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1995
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 18.12.1995
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 04


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  20. Januar 2017
 ANG. FIRMENGRUPPE: Personal 2012: 3'255 Mitarbeiter

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Carl W. Reitz
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Riehen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Riehen

NAME:  Lorenzo Tonelli
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Simon Jessop Peter Green
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Lilongwe (MW)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Denis Berdoz
ORT:  Corsier GE
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.12.2000 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  François Bueche
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Court
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.1.1996 ist
seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Louis N. III Dibrell
ORT:  Danville
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. (Präsident) Gem. HR-Publikation vom
10.07.1998 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Christoph Megert
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Steffisburg
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 22.07.1996 *59.


NAME:  Karsten Wilhelm Schäfer
ORT:  Riehen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. (Präsident) Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.08.2008 358


NAME:  Franz Schenker
ORT:  Benglen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Recherswil, Walterswil SO
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 10.07.1998 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alain Stehle
ORT:  Vessy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 10.07.1998 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Annamarie James
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zollikon, Luzern


NAME:  Gerhard E. Lutz
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Riehen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Alliance One
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Raleigh (North Carolina)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Ritchie Lee Bond
ORT:  Hartsville
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
09.08.2006 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

NAME:  Peter Brands
ORT:  Westbeemster
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
09.08.2006 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  James A. Cooley
ORT:  Danville
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.08.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Donald Wayne Crane
ORT:  Odiham
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
09.08.2006 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ronald de Winter
ORT:  Laren
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
21.01.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Bonita Ingram Finney
ORT:  Danville
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.08.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Paul Edward Gardiner
ORT:  Reading (Berkshire)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
5.7.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Piet Heide
ORT:  Hilversum
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 4.3.97
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Oscar W. Mahan
ORT:  Chatam
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
22.07.1996 *59.


NAME:  Alan Milligan
ORT:  Wokingham (Berkshire)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.5.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Thomas Johannes Nooij
ORT:  Amstelveen
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
5.7.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Timothy Wayne Oakes
ORT:  Danville (Virginia)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
25.11.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Paul Anthony B. Taberer
ORT:  Finchampstead (Berkshire)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
29.07.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Der Geschäftsbereich umfasse: Handel mit Rohtabak.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
ENTWICKLUNG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
46210 - Grosshandel mit Getreide, Rohtabak, Saatgut und Futtermitteln
46380 - Grosshandel mit sonstigen Nahrungs- und Genussmitteln
467 - Sonstiger Grosshandel

   Kauf, Verkauf und weltweiter Vertrieb von landwirtschaftlichen und
industriellen Produkten, speziell im Tabakbereich. Die Gesellschaft betreibt
ausserdem Verkaufsförderung auf internationaler Ebene zugunsten der Gruppe sowie
Koordination der Käufe, der Finanzierung der Käufe und generell der
internationalen Aktivitäten der Gesellschaften und zur Gruppe gehörenden
Niederlassungen. Sie kann Erfindungspatente, Markenrechte und technisches und
industrielles Know-how erwerben, verwalten, ausbeuten und übertragen und
technische und administrative Dienstleistungen erbringen. Sie kann sich an
Unternehmen ähnlicher Art beteiligen, ihren direkten oder indirekten
Muttergesellschaften sowie deren oder ihren direkten oder indirekten
Tochtergesellschaften Darlehen oder andere Finanzierungen gewähren und für
Verbindlichkeiten von solchen anderen Gesellschaften Sicherheiten aller Art
stellen, einschliesslich mittels Pfandrechten an oder fiduziarischen
Übereignungen von Aktiven der Gesellschaft oder Garantien jedwelcher Art, ob
gegen Entgelt oder nicht.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 3.10
2015                   CHF 3.30
2014                   CHF 3.30
2013                   CHF 3.30
2012                   CHF 3.30

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Alliance One
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Raleigh (North Carolina)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  CARRINGTON & MICHAUX BV AG, BIRSFELDEN
ORT:  Birsfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  27. September 2002
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  Dimon International AG
ORT:  Birsfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  29. Juni 2005
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Intabex AG
ORT:  Birsfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  14. Oktober 1970
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00


NAME:  Standard Commercial AG
ORT:  Birsfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. April 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'060'000.00


NAME:  Trans-Continental Leaf Tobacco Corporation Ltd
ORT:  Birsfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. März 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  W.A. Adams International Ltd
ORT:  Birsfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  3. Juni 2013
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Campbell Alliance (Europe) GmbH
ORT:  Birsfelden
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. Januar 2010
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Deloitte AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. Januar 1984
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00

NAME:  BM Swiss Audit AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Mai 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor.



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum am Domizil
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 900'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100 % liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  900
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  14. Dezember 2000
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 450'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 900'000.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Dezember 1995
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 450'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. März 1989
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  14. Dezember 2000
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 463.64 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 435.27 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 28.37 Mio.

FUSIONDATUM:  27. Dezember 1995
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 22.58 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 22.21 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 368'182.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  26. Mai 2005
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Dimon International AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Alliance One International AG

DATUM:  2. Mai 2005
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Alliance One Internatinal AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Dimon International AG


DATUM:  15. April 2005
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Dimon International AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Alliance One International AG


DATUM:  9. November 1995
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Dibrell Brothers SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Dimon International SA

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                         Hardcastle Admin Holdings AG;

                                  Hauptplatz 2
                               Rapperswil SG 8640
                              Schweiz/Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 420057704

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 02.12.2008
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  1. Dezember 2015
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Qualifizierte Tatbestände neu:Kapitalerhöhung
aus genehmigten Aktienkapital durch Umwandlung von frei verwendbarem
Eigenkapital in der Höhe von CHF 9.92.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Flint Craig
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Jona
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


DIREKTION:
NAME:  Flint Craig
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Jona
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Hardcastle Holdings AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Rapperswil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Dezember 2008
KAPITALART:  Kumuliertes Kapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'646'581.04

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Gemäss Erklärung des Verwaltungsrates vom 20.11.2008 untersteht die
Gesellschaft keiner ordentlichen Revision und verzichtet auf eine
eingeschränkte Revision.

EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
62020 - Erbringung von Beratungsleistungen auf dem Gebiet der Informati

   Erbringung von Verwaltungs- und IT-Dienstleistungen an verbundene
Unternehmen. Die Gesellschaft kann im In- und Ausland Zweigniederlassungen und
Tochtergesellschaften errichten, Unternehmen, an denen sie beteiligt ist, andere
Konzerngesellschaften sowie Aktionäre direkt oder indirekt finanzieren, auch
ohne angemessene Gegenleistung sowie im In- und Ausland Grundstücke und
Beteiligungen erwerben, verwalten, belasten und veräussern.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.50
2015                   CHF 1.60
2014                   CHF 1.60
2013                   CHF 1.60

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Hardcastle Holdings AG
ORT:  Rapperswil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Dezember 2008
KAPITALART:  Kumuliertes Kapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'646'581.04

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Hardcastle Trading AG
ORT:  Rapperswil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. März 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'182.51
LIBIERUNG:  100'182.51 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  10'000'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Prioritätsaktien
ANZAHL:  894
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Prioritätsaktien
ANZAHL:  2'638
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Prioritätsaktien
ANZAHL:  14'719
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Die Übertragbarkeit der Namenaktien ist nach Massgabe der
Statuten beschränkt. 10'000'000 Namenaktien zu CHF 0.01 und 894 Namenaktien zu
CHF 0.01 (Vorzugsaktien, Serie A) und


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Dezember 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'120.51
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'182.51

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. November 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'109.96
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'120.51


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. November 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'105.40
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'109.96


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Oktober 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'095.48
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'105.40


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. November 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'093.29
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'095.48


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  8. Juni 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'085.05
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'093.29


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Dezember 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'083.55
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'085.05


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. April 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'075.87
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'083.55


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  8. Dezember 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'074.89
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'075.87


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  2. Juli 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'065.75
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'074.89


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. November 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'065.71
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'065.75


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. August 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'059.71

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

Alter scholarship to honor Tom, Kacie Hausfield

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPRINGBORO & CLEARCREEK TWP.; Pg. RI1

LENGTH: 386 words


Still numb with grief, just a day after the tragic accident, friends of the
Hausfeld family were already brainstorming ways to honor the lives of Tom and
Kacie Hausfeld.

The Springboro father and daughter were killed in a plane crash shortly after
takeoff April 1 at Dayton-Wright Brothers Airport. They are survived by Tom's
wife, Lori, and Kacie's older sister, Ali.

"There were conversations going on in several different circles at the same
time," said Alter volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski. "There were a lot of people
who felt strongly about starting a scholarship fund in their name."

Just a few days later, the fund was in place with the Dayton Foundation. It will
be awarded annually to a graduating Alter High School senior. Specific criteria
for the scholarship will be determined at a later date by the family and the
first recipient will, most likely, be awarded in 2011.

Kacie and Ali were both Alter graduates, in 2007 and 2004, respectively. Both
played for the Knights volleyball team, helping Alter win three state
championships, 2002, 2003 and 2006. Kacie was a University of Dayton junior
education major and a starter on the Flyers volleyball team.

"Tom and Kacie were both very devoted to volleyball and education, so a
scholarship was the logical way to keep their memory alive," family friend Toni
Jasper said. "And you don't want to see anyone forget them. They meant so much
to so many people."

Establishing the fund will help future Alter graduates and it's already helping
those close to the Hausfeld family deal with their loss.

"To be doing something to honor their memory, really helps," Jasinowski said.

But the scholarship fund is just one of several ways the Alter community will
remember the Hausfelds. The girls' volleyball team will host the Kacie and Tom
Hausfeld Legacy Match on Sept. 2 at Trent Arena with all proceeds from the match
being donated to the scholarship fund. The Knights will play host to perennial
rival Tippecanoe that night.

"We were supposed to play at Tipp this year but, because Pat Carus (Tipp coach)
really wanted to be involved in honoring Tom and Kacie, they decided to move the
match to Kettering," Jasinowski said.

The Knights will retire Kacie's No. 14, which she wore at Alter and UD, at that
match. Ali wore the same number when she played for the Knights.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

Alter scholarship to honor Tom, Kacie Hausfield

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD1

LENGTH: 386 words


Still numb with grief, just a day after the tragic accident, friends of the
Hausfeld family were already brainstorming ways to honor the lives of Tom and
Kacie Hausfeld.

The Springboro father and daughter were killed in a plane crash shortly after
takeoff April 1 at Dayton-Wright Brothers Airport. They are survived by Tom's
wife, Lori, and Kacie's older sister, Ali.

"There were conversations going on in several different circles at the same
time," said Alter volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski. "There were a lot of people
who felt strongly about starting a scholarship fund in their name."

Just a few days later, the fund was in place with the Dayton Foundation. It will
be awarded annually to a graduating Alter High School senior. Specific criteria
for the scholarship will be determined at a later date by the family and the
first recipient will, most likely, be awarded in 2011.

Kacie and Ali were both Alter graduates, in 2007 and 2004, respectively. Both
played for the Knights volleyball team, helping Alter win three state
championships, 2002, 2003 and 2006. Kacie was a University of Dayton junior
education major and a starter on the Flyers volleyball team.

"Tom and Kacie were both very devoted to volleyball and education, so a
scholarship was the logical way to keep their memory alive," family friend Toni
Jasper said. "And you don't want to see anyone forget them. They meant so much
to so many people."

Establishing the fund will help future Alter graduates and it's already helping
those close to the Hausfeld family deal with their loss.

"To be doing something to honor their memory, really helps," Jasinowski said.

But the scholarship fund is just one of several ways the Alter community will
remember the Hausfelds. The girls' volleyball team will host the Kacie and Tom
Hausfeld Legacy Match on Sept. 2 at Trent Arena with all proceeds from the match
being donated to the scholarship fund. The Knights will play host to perennial
rival Tippecanoe that night.

"We were supposed to play at Tipp this year but, because Pat Carus (Tipp coach)
really wanted to be involved in honoring Tom and Kacie, they decided to move the
match to Kettering," Jasinowski said.

The Knights will retire Kacie's No. 14, which she wore at Alter and UD, at that
match. Ali wore the same number when she played for the Knights.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     April 6, 1988, Wednesday, City Edition

Hobie Alter Jr. heads field in ProSail on Tampa Bay

SECTION: SPORTS; SAILING; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - Hobie Alter Jr., appropriately the winningest Hobie Cat    sailor in the
history of the sport, will compete Saturday and Sunday in    ProSail Midwinters
East on Tampa Bay, the inaugural stop in the    $ 475,000 ProSail World Series
of Sailing.

     There will be five races Saturday, starting at noon, and two on    Sunday,
beginning at 10 a.m., wind and weather permitting.  Twenty-four    Hobie 21
catamarans are expected to traverse the square-shaped course,    set up close to
shore off Bayshore Avenue in Tampa to facilitate    viewing by the public.

     After Hobie 21 regional races at San Diego June 10-12 and in the    Great
Lakes area July 9-10, the top 10 qualifiers will advance to the    rest of the
series, joining custom-built Formula 40s at Newport, R.I.,    Aug. 10-14, San
Francisco Sept. 29-Oct.1, and Miami Dec. 1-4.

     Among this weekend's other racers will be Carlton Tucker of Fort    Walton
Beach, nicknamed "Bridesmaid" because of his string of    second-place finishes
in world and national events. Tucker also won    1985-86 world championships in
the Hobie 18 class.

     Other Floridians entered include Steve Giordano of Tampa, Rocco    Cuccia
of Dunedin, Hackney of Thonotosassa, and Steve Kerman of Daytona    Beach.

     Alter, 31, son of the inventor of the Hobie Cat, and his    26-year-old
brother, Jeff, have 13 national championships and two world    championships
between them. Hobie Jr. also was the 1982 winner of the    World 1000 race from
Fort Lauderdale to Virginia Beach, Va., and Jeff    was a finalist in the 1984
Tornado-class Olympic Trials.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 26, 2006 Saturday

New rabbi brings fresh energy

BYLINE: JEAN JOHNSON

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 862 words

DATELINE: SPRING HILL


When Temple Beth David Jewish Center made a call for a new rabbi, it didn't take
long to get an answer: less than two months.

Rabbi David Levin, 63, replaces Rabbi Cyrus Arfa, who retired. The congregation
is hoping Levin, who began July 1, will help the temple grow.

Levin was born in Johannesburg, South Africa. He and his wife, Phyllis, have
been married for 28 years. Their daughter, Arlette, is an opera singer, a cantor
and teaches Hebrew. She is waiting for the Israel-Lebanon crisis to settle down
before returning to Jerusalem, where she has a scholarship.

Levin received a cantorial degree and Jewish education diploma from a cantorial
academy in South Africa in 1983. He received a diploma in foreign languages in
1986 and speaks seven languages. During the apartheid era, Levin left South
Africa and moved to Israel, where he attended the cantorial school in Tel Aviv
and received an additional diploma in cantorial music in 1987, before attending
the yeshiva and receiving his rabbinical degree in 1992.

He moved to the United States in 1991, attended the Yeshiva Kollel Baistorah of
Teferit, Israel, in New York City and received an additional rabbinical degree
in 2003.

Before moving to Florida, Levin served at a temple in Indiana, but didn't like
the cold weather.

"I thought I would try it and that it would be exciting, but the first week
there was an ice storm. That was my baptism for cold weather," he said.

Before coming to Spring Hill, Levin served at the Jewish Community Center of
West Pasco for several years.

Levin says he is one to try new ventures, and last year he experienced his first
cruise and conducted the Passover service while sailing the Panama Canal. In
December, he will conduct Hanukkah services and stand in as the resident rabbi
on a Holland America cruise ship.

"I'm fortunate that every year they will call me," Levin said. "I call myself
the singing rabbi, and they like that."

Sheldon Alter, 67, has been a member of Temple Beth David since 1996, when he
moved to Spring Hill from Boston.

He served as chairman of the search committee and heard about Levin from a
congregant. After discussion with the committee, the decision was made to invite
Levin for an interview.

"We chatted and thought he was very energetic and could lend a new vibrancy to
the temple, and were impressed with his interest in young children," Alter said.

With Levin's love for teaching and his enthusiasm, Alter said, members of the
committee thought Levin would be able to attract more members from the
surrounding communities.

"Basically, all the committee members agreed," Alter said.

Levin was invited to conduct a Sabbath worship service, "and everyone just loved
him," Alter said. And when Levin was given an opportunity to meet the children,
"they just followed him around like a Pied Piper."

Levin talked to the children about the holidays, the festivals and the songs
associated with the festivals, and the committee was impressed that Levin was a
trained cantor and had a beautiful voice.

After consultation with the congregation, the committee offered Levin the
position.

Marilyn Marshall, first vice president of the temple's board of directors,
agreed with Alter's assessment of the new rabbi.

"Oh, my God, the children were mesmerized. Normally they squirm, but they didn't
move and responded to him in such an incredibly positive way," said Marshall,
69.

Mentioning the number of older members who have infirmities, Marshall said she
was made aware of Levin visiting and calling some of those members, and of their
response to his compassion.

"His presence has been very productive and heartwarming," she said. "We're
looking forward to a long relationship with him. One of his agendas is hopefully
to draw more people in. There are lots of Jewish folks around who are
unaffiliated, and we offer a temple with a sanctuary, a house of God, and he is
the rabbi for that."

Marshall said Levin mentioned wanting to do "a lot of interfaith stuff, and
that's critical because we're part of the community."

"We want to foster our Jewish values, but we need to reach out to the community
as well," Marshall said.

Currently, Levin is conducting worship services the first and third weeks of
each month. He also goes to the temple on Mondays and Thursdays, offering
counseling and working with the choir and the cantorial director.

Beginning Sept. 15, he will be in the pulpit routinely, starting with a bar
mitzvah.

The seemingly tireless Levin said he has written a series of programs for
children called "Shabbat Around the World," featuring different themes for each
sabbath day. For example, one program will have a Disney theme; other days will
have Mexican and Jamaican themes, and he plans to offer something for rappers.

"My ambition here is to become a full-time rabbi and build this temple into a
vibrant community," he said. "It's a challenge for me, and I like challenges,
and Spring Hill is growing very rapidly."

Levin came to the United States in 1991 and became a citizen in 2000.

"I'm so proud to be a part of this wonderful country, and I am very patriotic,"
he said. His family "is delighted and loves this country, the freedom and the
people."

REligionINSIDE

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                               Selig Schweiz AG;

                               Bahnhofstrasse 11
                              Niederglatt ZH 8172
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  14. März 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Niederglatt ZH
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Niederglatt ZH

DATUM:  27. Februar 1987
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Niederglatt

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0448515050
TELEFAX: 0448515051
INTERNET: www.seligflexibles.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406557946

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1937
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 22.03.1978
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 80


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  7. November 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  Kommanditgesellschaft
FIRMENNAME:  Jacques Schindler & Co
FIRMENORT:  Zürich
AKTIVA:  CHF 7.47 Mio.
PASSIVA:  CHF 5.90 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 1.57 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  HR-Publ. 08.10.97: Die Bestimmung über die
Sachübernahme bei der Gründung ist aus den Statuten gestrichen worden.
 AKTIONÄRE: Selig Group, USA
ANG. FIRMENGRUPPE: Standorte in der Schweiz, England, USA und Kanada

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  lic.oec.HSG Jacques Hans Schindler
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Glarus Süd

NAME:  Michael Stephen Canmann
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Winnetka (IL, US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  William Herman Crown
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Chicago (IL, US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Maureen Flynn
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Chicago (IL, US)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Geoffrey Lu
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  David M. Rubin
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Highland Park (IL, US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Prof.Dr. Hans Rudolf Trüeb
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Egg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Stephen P. Cassidy
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  South Barrington (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Patrick Schellinger
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Bloomingdale (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Erwin Graf
ORT:  Urdorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.03.03 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Andrew McLean,
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Reading (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  lic.jur. Thomas Schindler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Rüti GL


NAME:  Jacques Franz Schindler
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Glarus Süd



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  UCC Unipac Consulting Corporation AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. September 1954
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er handelt sich hierbei um eine seit längerem
inaktiveGesellschaft.

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Hans-Jürg Renk
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Embrach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Embrach

NAME:  Rafael Zamora
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Oberglatt ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Mexiko


NAME:  Hans-Peter Bächli
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Niederglatt ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Würenlingen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Laut Firmenleitung fungiert er als CFO.


NAME:  Michel Gagnebin
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Biel/Bienne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Tramelan


NAME:  dipl.ing Bruno Gloor
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Mägenwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kriens, Zürich


NAME:  Bruno Krattinger
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Düdingen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 31.03.03
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen. ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Walter Otto Rutishauser
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Lachen SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bottighofen, Münsterlingen, Sche
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 07.02.07
ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Thomas Tolksdorf
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Bergdietikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 07.02.07
ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Hans Tschiemer
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Bülach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Matten bei Interlaken
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 22.05.08
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Papier- und Folienveredelung / Herstellung von flexiblen Verpackungen.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  70

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
22220 - Herstellung von Verpackungsmitteln aus Kunststoffen

   Zweck der Gesellschaft ist die Fabrikation von Materialien aus Papier, Folien
und Kunststoffen, bedruckt und unbedruckt für Verpackung und chemisch/technische
Anwendungen. Die Gesellschaft kann im In- und Ausland Tochtergesellschaften und
Zweigniederlassungen errichten und sich im In- und Ausland an anderen
Unternehmen beteiligen. Sie kann Grundstücke und Immaterialgüterrechte erwerben,
halten und veräussern. Die Gesellschaft kann auch alle kommerziellen,
finanziellen und anderen Tätigkeiten ausüben, welche mit dem Zweck der
Gesellschaft direkt oder indirekt im Zusammenhang stehen. Die Gesellschaft ist
befugt, Finanzierungs-, Sanierungs- und Interzessionsmassnahmen zu Gunsten von
Aktionären, Konzerngesellschaften oder Dritten vorzunehmen, sowie Aktionären,
Konzerngesellschaften oder Dritten Darlehen oder für deren Verpflichtungen
Sicherheiten zu gewähren.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 31.00
2015                  CHF 33.00
2014                  CHF 33.00
2013                  CHF 33.00
2012                  CHF 32.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Angaben des laufenden bzw. nächsten Jahres lt. Budget. Umsatz laut
Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  UCC Unipac Consulting Corporation AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Niederglatt ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. September 1954
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Propac AG
ORT:  Niederglatt ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  31. März 1971
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 150'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00

NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Dezember 1998
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Zürich


NAME:  Grant Thornton AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Mai 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Geschäftsliegenschaft
OBJEKT:  Bahnhofstrasse 11, Niederglatt
IMMOBILIENWERT:  Wert unbekannt
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Grundbesitz laut Selbstangaben


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'500'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  1'500
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Februar 1987
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'500'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  21. Dezember 2012
ALTES DOMIZIL:  ISCO Flexibles AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Selig Schweiz AG

DATUM:  14. März 2011
ALTES DOMIZIL:  ISCO Jacques Schindler & Co AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  ISCO Flexibles AG


DATUM:  8. Oktober 1997
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Jacques Schindler & Co AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  ISCO Jacques Schindler & Co AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                             Mountain Partners AG;

                                 Poststrasse 17
                                St. Gallen 9000
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  12. November 2012
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  St. Gallen
NEUES DOMIZIL:  St. Gallen

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0447838030
TELEFAX: 0447838040
INTERNET: www.mountain-partners.ch
E-MAIL: contact@mountain-partners.ch

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406808187

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 06.01.2003
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 19


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  15. Dezember 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Qualifizierte Tatbestände neu: Verrechnung:
Bei der genehmigten Kapitalerhöhung vom 14.12.2015 werden Forderungen in der
Höhe von CHF 15'271'312.50 zur
 LIIERTE FIRMEN: Mountain-Partners AG, D-München

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Michael Hermann Josef Buchen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Dubai (UAE)
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Tobias Bern Wilhelm Heinrich Kollmann
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Köln (DEU)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Dr. Hari Sven Krishnan
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Ennetbürgen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Hans Joachim Riesenbeck
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Düsseldorf (DEU)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Manfred Rietzler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Bangkok (THA)
LAND:  Thailand
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Nina B Shapiro
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Washington DC (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Patrick Stach
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Mörschwil SG, Frauenfeld


NAME:  Daniel Sebastian Charlo Wenzel
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Greenwich (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Dr. Cornelius Boersch
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Theodor Prümm
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Wil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wil SG


NAME:  Christine Schmitz
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 13.06.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ingo Drexler
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Saad Al-Azem
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Riyadh
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Saudi-Arabien


NAME:  Dr. Salim Mohammed Al-Malik
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Riyadh
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Saudi-Arabien


NAME:  Shariq Azhar
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Dubai
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Juan Carlos Cerda Celis
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Santiago (CHL)
LAND:  Chile
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Chile


NAME:  Friedrich Gerdtoberens
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Herzebrock-Clarholz (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Rudolf Gröger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Baldham (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Ingo Mantzke
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Freienbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Jens Rowohlt
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Mainz (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Louis Jack Staley
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dr. Jens-Jürgen Böckel
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Düsseldorf (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Hemjö Klein
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Dreieich-Buchschlag (DE)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
08.07.2009 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ahmed Ali Al-Sarkal
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Riyadh (SA)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Saudi-Arabien


NAME:  Hellmut Kirchner
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Tutzing (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Mountain Capital Management AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Wädenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. August 2006
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  Sandpiper Digital Payments AG
STELLUNG:  Minderheitseigentümer
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. März 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 211'695'028.00


NAME:  Sandpiper Digital Payments AG
STELLUNG:  Minderheitseigentümer
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. März 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 211'695'028.00


VERWALTUNG:
NAME:  Mountain Partners AG
ORT:  Wädenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Verwaltung

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Sebastian Kofler
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


- Finanzierung, Unterstützung & Förderung von Privaten und   Unternehmungen /
Das Unternehmen beschäftigt kein eigenes Personal. Es besteht eine
Personalunion mit den liierten Firmen.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
70220 - Unternehmensberatung

   Förderung, Unterstützung und Finanzierung von Privaten und Unternehmungen
u.a. im Bereich Beratung und sonstigen Dienstleistungen; sie kann ebenfalls
Lizenzen halten, verwerten und veräussern sowie immaterielle Projekte
entwickeln; Handel mit Waren aller Art. Die Gesellschaft kann
Zweigniederlassungen im In- und Ausland errichten sowie Immobilien im In- und
Ausland erwerben.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 4.70
2015                   CHF 4.70
2014                   CHF 4.70
2013                   CHF 4.60

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatzzahlen werden nicht veröffentlicht. Branchenüblicher
Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Mountain Capital Management AG
ORT:  Wädenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. August 2006
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  Sandpiper Digital Payments AG
STELLUNG:  Minderheitsakt.
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. März 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 211'695'028.00


NAME:  Sandpiper Digital Payments AG
STELLUNG:  Minderheitsakt.
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. März 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 211'695'028.00


LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Mountain Sustainable Investments AG
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. August 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'969'261.65

NAME:  Mountain Fintech AG
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. April 2016
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Dezember 1998
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Zürich


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.10
LIBIERUNG:  500'000.10 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  5'000'001
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. Dezember 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 486'398.70
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.10

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Juli 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 433'725.30
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 486'398.70


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Dezember 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 388'765.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 433'725.30


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. Oktober 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 359'039.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 388'765.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Dezember 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 333'665.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 359'039.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Oktober 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 233'181.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 333'665.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Mai 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 215'274.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 233'181.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Januar 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 207'524.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 215'274.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. August 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 184'046.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 207'524.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. Juli 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 173'744.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 184'046.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Juli 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 167'561.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 173'744.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 145'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 167'561.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Nachlib.
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 145'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 167'561.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Oktober 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 140'800.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 145'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. Februar 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 140'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 140'800.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Dezember 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 136'316.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 140'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. November 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 136'316.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  1. September 2004
ALTES DOMIZIL:  aragon venture ag
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Mountain Partners AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 14, 2011 Friday

A la Carte: Haven Pop-Up, Back to the Table in Lafayette

BYLINE: By Jackie Burrell Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS; Food; Lifestyle; Recipes

LENGTH: 398 words


A peek at Haven: Eagerly anticipated doesn't even begin to describe Haven,
Daniel Patterson's new digs at Oakland's Jack London Square. It feels like we've
been waiting forever -- and opening day is still many weeks away. But Patterson
and his new Haven exec chef Kim Alter offer a sneak peek and tasting to tide us
all over. Alter, pastry chef Matt Tinder and mixologist Scott Beattie are doing
four Tuesday evening preview dinners -- pop-ups at Plum -- featuring such
soon-to-be Haven specialties as an "Artichokes" salad, seared short ribs and
lemon soufflé.

Alter's résumé includes stints at Los Gatos' Manresa, San Francisco's Aqua and
Acquerello, and a short stop at Sausalito's new Plate Shop. "I couldn't be more
excited about our chef," Patterson says. "Her food is really terrific." It's
limited seating for the four-course dinners, which are $60 per person, so
reservations are essential. Call 510-444-7586 or visit www.plumoakland.com .
Details: Tuesday evenings through Nov. 15 at Plum, 2214 Broadway, Oakland.

Lafayette's table: There's lots of hustle and bustle around downtown Lafayette's
main drag these days, but now the excitement's spreading down side streets, too.
We're talking, of course, about sisters Leslie Pease and Lisa Evaristo's Back to
the Table project, a cooking school and prep kitchen that's taking up residence
on Lafayette Circle, next to Queen Bee. The idea, Pease says, is to bring
"families back to the dinner table, to not only share a great meal, (but) more
importantly, to have a relaxed time to share our day." Pease calls it "two
businesses under one roof," with a culinary school taking shape downstairs --
taught by passionate home cooks, not professional chefs, with a focus on home
cooking for every age -- and a production kitchen for caterers, party planners
and panic-stricken individuals who weren't thinking about the size of their
ovens when they promised to bake that wedding cake.

The response, Pease says, has been "unbelievable." Caterers and foodies who have
been trekking to Berkeley are ecstatic over the thought of a more centrally
located production kitchen, and prospective teachers have been calling to find
out how soon they can start -- April, if all goes well. Keep tabs on the
progress at http://backtothetablecookingschool.com .

Send your Bay Area restaurant tips to food editor Jackie Burrell,
jburrell@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 5, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Six Charged With Fraud In 2 Stocks

BYLINE: By FLOYD NORRIS

SECTION: Section 1;   Page 37;   Column 5;   Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 877 words


Six men, including a former lawyer for the Securities and Exchange Commission,
have been indicted on charges of securities fraud involving two Nasdaq
companies.

The indictment, handed up in Federal District Court in Brooklyn and announced
yesterday, is reported to have arisen out of an investigation relating to the
broadcasts of Dan Dorfman, the financial commentator for the CNBC cable channel.
Mr. Dorfman was not mentioned in the indictment, but the charges appear to
involve bullish reports that Mr. Dorfman broadcast on the two companies involved
in the case.

A former S.E.C. lawyer, James W. Nearen, was accused of giving other defendants
information about an investigation of them that he had learned while working for
the commission, and then working to help them avoid being caught.

The indictment says the fraud involved the stock of two small companies traded
on the Nasdaq stock market, the Alter Sales Company, now called the ICIS
Management Company of Lighthouse Point, Fla., and Integrated Resources
Technologies, which is now Comprehensive Environmental Systems, or C.E.S.I., of
West Babylon, L.I. The men were charged with a scheme to issue stock in the
companies secretly for low prices, and then sell the stock to unwary investors
in the United States.

Named in the indictment, along with Mr. Nearen, a 43-year-old resident of
Lighthouse Point, were Grant R. Curtis, 36, of Danville, Calif.; Leo J. Mangan,
40, of Lindenhurst, L.I.; Timothy H. Masely, 35, also of Lindenhurst; Ray
Irangy, 50, of Brooklyn, and Pedro Gomez, 37, of Branford, Conn.

The indictment says that on March 30, 1995, Messrs. Curtis, Mangan and Masely
arranged for Alter to issue 20,000 shares of stock to an unnamed person, to
arrange for Alter to be the subject of a favorable report on a television
program. It does not say to whom the payment was made, nor does it name the news
program or a journalist.

It also said that in October 1994, Mr.  Masely and Mr. Gomez gave an individual,
who was not named, $60,000 in cash to arrange for a positive broadcast report on
Comprehensive, which was then known as Integrated Resources Technologies. Again,
no journalist is named.

But Business Week magazine, in its current issue, dated Oct. 14, reported that
the inquiry grew from the investigation of Mr. Dorfman. And it noted that Mr.
Dorfman broadcast a positive report on Alter on April 18, 1995.

Mr. Dorfman also broadcast, on Nov. 8, 1994, a report that quoted Mr. Mangan,
who said Japanese investors were accumulating stock in his company, which was
misidentified as International Resource Technology, and forecasting strong
earnings.

Neither stock has done well since the broadcasts; Integrated Resources was at
$13.75 the day of the report, adjusted for a subsequent reverse split. Today it
is at 94 cents. Alter was at $7.125 on the day of the report; today it is at 34
cents.

It is common practice for many people to try to persuade journalists to write
articles. The indictment does not say that the journalist in question did
anything wrong.

Mr. Dorfman did not return phone calls made to CNBC last night.

George Jamison, a spokesman for CNBC, part of General Electric, said after being
told of the indictment: "There is no clear indication we are involved in
anything. For us to comment would be conjecture." Mr. Jamison noted that CNBC
earlier this year said an internal review by the company had determined that Mr.
Dorfman had not violated any S.E.C. or CNBC rules.

The men were arrested on Thursday and yesterday in New York, Florida,
Connecticut and California. Mr. Nearen was released on $250,000 bail after being
arrested in Florida. The others were being held late yesterday, with Federal
prosecutors opposing releasing them on bail.

The six men were each charged with two counts of securities fraud and one count
of conspiracy.

Kenneth Wirful, the lawyer for Mr. Mangan, said his client had denied the
charges. Other lawyers could not be reached for comment.

In a letter to the Federal magistrate handling bail requests, Mark Ressler, the
assistant United States attorney handling the case, said that Mr. Nearen, as an
S.E.C. lawyer, "learned of massive fraud committed by Curtis and Masely in
connection with manipulating C.E.S.I.'s stock, fraudulent stock transactions,
paying kickbacks to brokers and money laundering."

"Within weeks of leaving the S.E.C., he went to work for Curtis, Mangan and
Masely, where his role was to stymie regulatory and other efforts to uncover the
fraud at Alter and C.E.S.I.," the letter said.

He said Mr. Nearen had worked as a lawyer in the S.E.C.'s enforcement division
from 1988 until he resigned on Feb. 20, 1995, after he was placed on
administrative leave for alleged misconduct involving disclosure of S.E.C.
information.

The case was said to involve efforts to distribute stock without the public's
being aware of it, and then to sell it at inflated prices. The stock was issued
though two exemptions from normal rules that require share offerings to be
registered with the S.E.C. The first involved Regulation S, which exempts some
foreign offerings of stock. The second involved Regulation S-8, which allows the
issuance of stock to employees and consultants of a company.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

IN THE NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 441 words


Alter coach Joe Petrocelli is retiring after the season.

BOYS BASKETBALL

Top-flight twinbill on tap at UD Arena

A high school basketball doubleheader today at UD Arena promises to be a hot
ticket."The stars were aligned when they put this bracket together,"said
district tournament manager Rob Durkle.

First up is Franklin (19-3) vs. Dunbar (18-6) at 6 p.m. It's Thurgood Marshall
(23-1) vs. Alter (17-5) in the 7:30 p.m. nightcap.The winners advance to next
week's Division II district finals, also at UD.

Thurgood is the D-II state poll champ. Dunbar is the D-II defending state champ.
Franklin has Luke Kennard, ranked among the nation's most sought-after
sophomores.Alter coach Joe Petrocelli will retire after this season.With
800-plus wins, he ranks second in the state in all-time career victories.

All four teams were ranked among the top 10 in the final D-II state poll. Last
season a similar D-II doubleheader matchup drew 8,000 at UD.Tickets are $7 at
the arena and $6 at the schools.The arena will begin selling tickets at 4 p.m.
today.

Northmont 58, Fairmont 43

Keith Richardson led the T-Bolts with 25 points in a Division I sectional
semifinal. Northmont will play Springboro, which defeated Stebbins 70-45
Wednesday, on Saturday at 8:30 p.m. at Wright State University's Nutter Center.

COLLEGE FOOTBALL

MSU hires ex-OSU assistant Bollman

Longtime Ohio State offensive-line coach and offensive coordinatorJim Bollman
will be the new offensive coordinator at Michigan State.

Bollman was at Ohio State from 2001-11.Though he had the title of offensive
coordinator, head coach Jim Tressel retained primary play-calling
responsibilities. In 2011 Bollman called the plays for Luke Fickell.When OSU
hired Urban Meyer, Bollman was not retained.

Bollman replaces Dan Roushar at Michigan State, who left to become running backs
coach for the New Orleans Saints.

MEN'S BASKETBALL

Penn State upsets No. 4 Michigan

Penn State this season had been 0-14 in the Big Ten, but that didn't stop the
host Nittany Lions from rising up and stunning No. 4 Michigan, 84-78, Wednesday
night.

The Nittany Lions, 9-18 overall, overcame a 15-point deficit midway through the
second half to snap a regular-season Big Ten losing streak that had reached 18
dating to last season. More on the game.

NBA

Irving still out, but Cavaliers win again

Rookie Dion Waiters scored 23 points, Shaun Livingston added 15 and the
Cleveland Cavaliers, playing without injured All-Star Kyrie Irving for the
second straight game, beat the Toronto Raptors, 103-92.

WEDNESDAY'S SCORES

MLB spring training Mariners 5, Indians 1 Reds 14, Diamondbacks 6 Boys sectional
basketball Tri-Village 66, Newton 39

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

IN THE NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 441 words


Alter coach Joe Petrocelli is retiring after the season.

BOYS BASKETBALL

Top-flight twinbill on tap at UD Arena

A high school basketball doubleheader today at UD Arena promises to be a hot
ticket."The stars were aligned when they put this bracket together,"said
district tournament manager Rob Durkle.

First up is Franklin (19-3) vs. Dunbar (18-6) at 6 p.m. It's Thurgood Marshall
(23-1) vs. Alter (17-5) in the 7:30 p.m. nightcap.The winners advance to next
week's Division II district finals, also at UD.

Thurgood is the D-II state poll champ. Dunbar is the D-II defending state champ.
Franklin has Luke Kennard, ranked among the nation's most sought-after
sophomores.Alter coach Joe Petrocelli will retire after this season.With
800-plus wins, he ranks second in the state in all-time career victories.

All four teams were ranked among the top 10 in the final D-II state poll. Last
season a similar D-II doubleheader matchup drew 8,000 at UD.Tickets are $7 at
the arena and $6 at the schools.The arena will begin selling tickets at 4 p.m.
today.

Northmont 58, Fairmont 43

Keith Richardson led the T-Bolts with 25 points in a Division I sectional
semifinal. Northmont will play Springboro, which defeated Stebbins 70-45
Wednesday, on Saturday at 8:30 p.m. at Wright State University's Nutter Center.

COLLEGE FOOTBALL

MSU hires ex-OSU assistant Bollman

Longtime Ohio State offensive-line coach and offensive coordinatorJim Bollman
will be the new offensive coordinator at Michigan State.

Bollman was at Ohio State from 2001-11.Though he had the title of offensive
coordinator, head coach Jim Tressel retained primary play-calling
responsibilities. In 2011 Bollman called the plays for Luke Fickell.When OSU
hired Urban Meyer, Bollman was not retained.

Bollman replaces Dan Roushar at Michigan State, who left to become running backs
coach for the New Orleans Saints.

MEN'S BASKETBALL

Penn State upsets No. 4 Michigan

Penn State this season had been 0-14 in the Big Ten, but that didn't stop the
host Nittany Lions from rising up and stunning No. 4 Michigan, 84-78, Wednesday
night.

The Nittany Lions, 9-18 overall, overcame a 15-point deficit midway through the
second half to snap a regular-season Big Ten losing streak that had reached 18
dating to last season. More on the game.

NBA

Irving still out, but Cavaliers win again

Rookie Dion Waiters scored 23 points, Shaun Livingston added 15 and the
Cleveland Cavaliers, playing without injured All-Star Kyrie Irving for the
second straight game, beat the Toronto Raptors, 103-92.

WEDNESDAY'S SCORES

MLB spring training Mariners 5, Indians 1 Reds 14, Diamondbacks 6 Boys sectional
basketball Tri-Village 66, Newton 39

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 25, 2008 Thursday

Alter students help needy family

BYLINE: By Joanne Clodfelter Contributing Writer

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-4

LENGTH: 328 words


KETTERING - If Christmas is a time for family, then three children in a Dayton
family have generous relatives at Alter High School they will never meet.

For the past six years, Alter social studies teacher Doug Mathis has collected
between $600 and $900 in donations from his freshman and sophomore students to
purchase gifts for a needy family in the Dayton Public School system.

"I tell them there's a family in need," Mathis said. "They're more than willing
to help. This is what gets me into the spirit, and this is what it's all about."

Jennifer Smith, executive director of the special education department at DPS,
identifies a family with special needs students that is having financial
hardships. Then Mathis, his wife Cathy, a secretary at Alter, and daughter Katie
Fugate, 26, purchase needed items, such as household goods and warm clothing,
and gifts from the list provided by the mother. The students wrapped the gifts
during class on Friday, Dec. 19, and Smith delivered them to the mother later
that day.

The gifts are either from "Mom" or "Santa" and the three children in the family
will never know who their true benefactors are. However, Smith provides the
mother with a disposable camera to document the excitement on Christmas morning,
and the pictures are sent to Mathis to share with his students.

Smith's daughter, Molly, a 2006 Alter graduate, started the tradition when she
told her mother that her social studies teacher was always looking for service
projects for his students.

"He calls me back every year," Smith said. "He and Cathy have been just
phenomenal. Whether there's one child or six in the family, he never tells me
'that's too many.' I cannot tell you how overwhelmed I am and how proud it makes
me of the Alter community."

"This reaches over and creates a bridge to Dayton Public Schools," said Kirsten
Mac-Dougal, marketing and communications director for Alter. "Our students
sending these gifts to students in need is just wonderful."

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Biga (from left), Drew Gillis, Connor O'Malley, and Joe Armstrong
wrap a gift for the family their social studies class adopted. Contributed
photos
Ninth-graders Katie Bilinski (left) and Dynisty McFarland wrap gifts for the
adopted family.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           August 16, 2006 Wednesday

Deaths

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 594 words


central illinois

Brian W. Hepler

STREATOR - Brian W. Hepler, 42, of 110 LaSalle St., Streator, died at 12:55 a.m.
Sunday (Aug. 13, 2006) at his home.

Service: 11 a.m. Friday at Hagi Funeral Home, Streator, with the Rev. Bryce Hays
officiating.

Burial: Riverview Cemetery, Streator.

Visitation: from 5 to 8 p.m. Thursday at the funeral home.

Memorials: Kidney Cancer Association, 1234 Sherman Ave., Evanston, IL 60202.
Please specify memorial is for research.

Survivors: mother, Carol Hepler, Streator; one sister, Brenda (William)
McDaniel, St. Louis, Mo; and two brothers, Brent (Jennifer) Hepler, Minneapolis,
Minn., and Dr. Bradley (Renee) Hepler, Alpharetta, Ga.

Bloomington-normal

Joyce Ann Alters

BLOOMINGTON - Joyce Ann Alters, 57, of 3020 Robert St., Bloomington, died at
8:37 p.m. Sunday (Aug. 13, 2006) at BroMenn Regional Medical Center, Normal.

Her memorial service will be at 10:30 a.m. Thursday at Eastview Christian
Church, Normal, with the Rev. Jim Smiley officiating. Interment will be private.
There will be no visitation. Carmody-Flynn Williamsburg Funeral Home,
Bloomington, is in charge of arrangements.

Memorials may be made to the American Lung Association.

Joyce was born Oct. 26, 1948, in Peoria, the daughter of Raymond and Fay Porter
Caho. She married George Schmitt in 1965. She later married John Alters on July
10, 1987, in Eureka. He survives.

Other survivors include her mother, Fay Miller, Bloomington; her father, Raymond
Caho, Brimfield; three sons, George (Cheryl) Schmitt, Bloomington; Raymond
Schmitt, Decatur; and James Schmitt, El Paso; seven grandchildren, Nicholas,
Christopher, Anthony, Justin, Taylor, Makayla and Hannah; eight sisters, Lillian
(Dale) Harrison, Jacksonville, Fla.; Barbara (Don) Bounds, Minonk; Patty (Mike)
Barnhill, Ellsworth; Sharon (Gary) Bounds, Towanda; Karen Miller, Sarah (Jeff)
Smith and Sonia (Herman) Yancey, all of Bloomington; and Deborah Graybill, Lake
Bloomington; and two brothers, Darrell Caho, Mackinaw, and Rob (Cathy) Caho,
Minnesota.

Joyce was an avid Cardinals fan and enjoyed camping. She was a loving wife,
mother, grandmother and sister and will be dearly missed.

Edwin J. Duckson Jr.

BLOOMINGTON - Edwin J. Duckson Jr., 58, Dayton, Ohio, brother of a Bloomington
resident, died Aug. 4, 2006, at Laurels of Hillsboro Nursing Home.

Memorial service: 9:30 a.m. Saturday at St. Mary's Church, Bloomington.

Memorials: St. Mary's Catholic Church, Bloomington.

Survivors: brother, Brother Kevin Duckson, OFM, Bloomington; and sister, Mary
Jane White, Dayton, Ohio.

Virginia Mosselman

NORMAL - Virginia C. "Ginny" Rey Mosselman, 75, Normal, died Monday (Aug. 14,
2006) at OSF St. Joseph Medical Center, Bloomington.

She was the beloved wife and best friend for 45 years of Jerry and former wife
of the late John L. Sullivan; loving mom of Jack, Larry (Nancy) and Ken (Nancy)
Sullivan, Maureen (Randy) Macak and Nancy (John) Barrett; proud and loving
grandma of 11; dear sister of the late Maurice Rey Jr.; fond aunt of many.

Mrs. Mosselman was a teacher's aide at St. Jude the Apostle School, South
Holland, with many years of dedicated service.

Visitation will be from 2 to 9 p.m. today, with funeral at 9:15 a.m. Thursday
from Thornridge Funeral Home (Janusz Family Funeral Service), 14318 S. LaGrange
Road, Orland Park, to St. Jude the Apostle Church with Mass at 10:30 a.m.
Interment will be in St. Mary Cemetery. (708) 460-2300 or (708) 841-2300.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                              July 2, 2000, Sunday

DESIGNERS BLAMED FOR HELL DECOR'

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 010

LENGTH: 382 words


MEGA decorating duo Stephen Sills and James Huniford did everything they could
to scuttle this week's New York Magazine cover story about them.

The investigative piece asserts that Sills and Huniford - whose tony client list
includes Tina Turner, Vera Wang, Ian Schrager, Anna Wintour and the Newhouse
family - have alienated the rest of the industry with episodes of allegedly
inflating prices and unethical business practices.

"They told anyone even remotely connected to them, including their travel agent,
not to talk to me," Rene Chun, who wrote the piece, told PAGE SIX. "They tried
to get people who had already talked to retract or change their quotes. They
called all the editors of all the magazines their work has ever appeared in and
demanded they not give us any pictures."

The article reports that credit-card king Denis Alter, who hired Sills and
Huniford to design his Philadelphia mansion, has accused them of fraud,
professional negligence and breach of contract. He's seeking $10 million in
compensatory damages for putting him in "hell decor" instead of Elle Decor.

The Alter job was estimated to cost about $22 million, but so far expenses have
shot upwards of $80 million, and the house remains unfinished. Alter blames the
overrun on exaggerating the value of antiques Sills and Huniford acquired. For
instance, Alter was charged $165,020 for an Italian Baroque mirror appraised at
no more than $43,000. A dining table similar to one the designers priced at
$65,000 for the Alter home sold at Sotheby's for a mere $5,750.

The designers offered Alter a full refund on all furniture, but it was rejected.
The case is in arbitration.

According to the article, Sills and Huniford are reviled by their colleagues in
the oft-catty interior- and furniture design worlds. Said one uptown decorator,
"From the beginning, [Sills and Huniford] made it very clear we were all
rivals."

"They probably dug their own graves," added another well-known designer.

Roget Prigent, a Manhattan furniture dealer, said, "Decorators are very tricky.
But if the client is dumb enough to buy it? Me, I don't deal with [Sills and
Huniford] professionally."

Sills' and Huniford's office said the two designers were out of town and could
not be reached for comment.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Special Requests: Black beans are perfect side for Fitz's food

BYLINE:  BY ALANNA KELLOGG  Special to the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: LET'S EAT; Pg. L3

LENGTH: 442 words


Q o I would love the recipe for the black beans from Fitz's, simple yet
delicious. - Dianne Marchant, St. Louis

A o You just might say that root beer has framed Michael Alter's life. He was a
kid on a bike when he discovered draft root beer on tap. Years later, after
attending Washington University law school, he met his wife, Dana, when she
ordered a root beer float at Fitz's, the restaurant and root-beer bottling line
Alter and business partners had opened in the Delmar Loop.

Alter left Fitz's for some years but returned three years ago to restore Fitz's
to what it once was, a hometown craft soda company with a from-scratch
restaurant serving food that families can appreciate and afford. "Fitz's got
away from that," Alter says. "But now the chef and the menus and the recipes are
all back."

Alter says that he treats Fitz's like a trust, almost like one of his kids, all
three of whom work at the restaurant. "I love this place. It's a real joy to see
it come back."

So take advice from a guy who knows his root beer on how to tackle Fitz's giant
root beer float. Alter says, "The key is to pace yourself, letting the ice cream
melt into the root beer, working at a slow steady pace with the courage and
conviction to do what it takes to cross the finish line down to that very last
slurp."

Black Beans aren't on Fitz's menu but are served alongside the Santa Fe
Quesadilla and Fresh Fish Tacos and inside the South of the Border Wrap, Chicken
Mole Burrito and the Kids Chicken Tacos. During the height of its summer season,
Fitz's goes through nearly 50 pounds of beans a week

---

Special Request is written by Kirkwood resident Alanna Kellogg, author of the
online recipe column KitchenParade.com and "veggie evangelist" at the food blog
about vegetables, A Veggie Venture.

---

FITZ'S 6605 Delmar Boulevard, University City 314-726-9555; fitzsrootbeer.com

FITZ'S BLACK BEANS Yield: 4 cups

2 15-ounce cans black beans, rinsed and drained 1 cup water

¼ cup chopped red onion

½ red pepper,

¼ -inch dice

½ green pepper,

¼ -inch dice

1/3 cup chopped cilantro

4 teaspoons fresh lime juice

2 teaspoons Cholula Hot Sauce

1 tablespoon cumin

2 teaspoons chili powder

2 teaspoons black pepper

1 teaspoon granulated garlic

1 teaspoon kosher salt

1 teaspoon granulated sugar

1. Mix all ingredients in a large pot and bring to a boil.

2. Reduce heat and let simmer for about 15 minutes.

3. Serve hot.

Note: For a less-spicy version, cut back on the hot sauce and black pepper.

Per ½ cup serving: 95 calories; 0.5g fat; no saturated fat; no cholesterol; 5g
protein; 17g carbohydrate; 1g sugar; 5g fiber; 510mg sodium; 45mg calcium.

Recipe adapted for home kitchens by the Post-Dispatch.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Black Beans served with a Santa Fe Quesadilla from Fitz's in
University City on Friday, Sept. 13, 2013. Photo by Stephanie S. Cordle,
scordle@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 10, 2010 Wednesday

Alter earns another shot at rival Eagles

BYLINE: By Dave Long Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 242 words


SPRINGFIELD - Alter gets a fourth straight chance to advance to the Division II
high school girls state basketball tournament Friday, March 12.

The big difference from the past three years for the Knights will be facing
longtime rival Chaminade Julienne in the regional championship at Springfield
High School at 7:30 p.m.

The Knights (22-2) made the gateway game to the final four with a 58-32 defeat
of Cincinnati Indian Hill in a regional semifinal Tuesday.

After grinding out a 20-12 halftime lead, Alter went on an 11-2 run to take
Indian Hill out.

"The last thing we told the kids before we left the locker room at halftime was
'go hard the first three minutes,' " said Alter coach Chris Hart. "They sure
did."

Now comes the preparation for CJ. The teams have split a pair of games this
season. Alter lost in the regional final in 2007, was state champ in '08 and
lost in the semifinals last year.

"To get in this position for four straight years is an amazing tribute to the
kids," said Hart.

Ashley Christie had game-high 15 points and drilled a 3-pointer nine seconds
into the third quarter for a 23-12 game. After an Indian Hill basket, Alter
scored eight straight points. Christie and Whitney Dabbelt each had layups
followed by free throws and a Kaila Howe fast-break basket.

Dabbelt had 14 points and nine rebounds. Howe had 12 points and played
outstanding defense on Nicole Bell, Indian Hill's high scoring freshman. Bell
scored just two points.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Falcons feeling good about rivalry showdown with Alter

BYLINE: Rick Cassano, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 676 words


Sept. 17--MIDDLETOWN -- The primary goals are still in front of Fenwick High
School's football team.

That fact no doubt makes it easier for the Falcons to leave their 1-2 start in
the shadows and focus on the Greater Catholic League Coed campaign, which begins
this weekend.

"We want to finish off 8-2, make a (Division IV) playoff run, win state," said
Tommy Trimbach, a senior defensive tackle. "Honestly, after Week 2, we were
questioning ourselves a little bit, but we're good now. Our spirits are high."

The Falcons opened with losses to Cincinnati Hills Christian Academy (30-15) and
Mount Healthy (23-7) before rallying to beat Monroe (22-14) last weekend.

CHCA and Mount Healthy are 3-0, and Monroe is now 2-1. Fenwick's schedule isn't
easy. And it's about to get worse.

The Falcons will kick off the GCLC North Division season Friday against 3-0
Alter, winner of 12 straight North titles and the second-ranked D-IV team in
Ohio.

"Just the fact that it's Alter and Fenwick amps it up quite a bit," Knights
coach Ed Domsitz said. "It's rapidly becoming a pretty important rivalry to both
communities."

Trimbach said it's a perfect time for Fenwick to serve notice that it's pretty
good too.

"Everybody's downing us in the state, that's for sure," Trimbach said. "But
we're confident. We want to shock the state. We want to prove ourselves."

Beating Alter isn't a ridiculous concept for these Fenwick seniors. They know it
can be done because they were part of the Falcon squad that topped the Knights
35-34 in 2012.

"I probably played about 20 plays, but it's honestly been my favorite game
here," Trimbach said. "At Fenwick, there's no game like Alter. We get hyped to
play them every year.

"The Fenwick seniors and their seniors are pretty close. There's a little trash
talking because we know each other. They're pretty good guys off the football
field. On the football field, there's nobody I want to beat more than Alter."

Falcons coach Joe Snively doesn't talk much about the past, which included a
21-0 Alter win in this series last season.

"It's become something of a rivalry, but we've tried to play it down and say
that every week is important," Snively said. "I do know if you're going to win
this league, you're going to have to beat Alter. And if you're going to get out
of this region, you're going to have to face Alter and Clinton-Massie.

"In our situation, there is no pressure. We've just got to play our best game
and have things go our way."

Alter has battered Fairmont (42-12), Withrow (58-7) and Thurgood Marshall
(42-14). The Knights' wishbone/spread offense has churned out 1,117 yards.

Senior quarterback Dusty Hayes has run 41 times for 399 yards and eight
touchdowns -- he's 8 of 15 for 159 yards and four TDs through the air. Senior
running back Nick Coleman, a Notre Dame commit, has 214 yards and three scores
on 36 carries.

Defensively, Pittsburgh-bound senior tackle Kraig Howe has a team-leading 27
tackles.

"I'm not super experienced in seeing Alter," Snively said. "They do what they
do, they do it well, and they know they do it well. They're an option team, and
every person that has the potential to touch the football is a weapon."

Fenwick's defensive strength is stopping the run.

Ben Stegbauer, Brett Schneider and Ryan Fessler contribute up front with
Trimbach. Snively likes his linebacking corps of Conner Cottongim, Vince Durham,
Billy Hinton, Paul Gillen and Anthony Frohlich.

Frohlich was a standout last week while Hinton was out with a back injury.
Hinton is expected to play Friday.

"Alter likes to run the ball. We've got a good run-stop defense," Trimbach said.
"It's two juggernauts going at each other."

Domsitz said there is no chance that Alter will look past the Falcons.

"They're not all that far removed from 3-0," Domsitz said. "It's tough to gauge
how good your opponents are this early in the season, but they had opportunities
to win every game they've played."

___ (c)2014 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140917-HL-Falcons-feeling-good-about-rivalry-showdown-with-Alter
-0917-20140917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2014 The Journal-News


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 17, 1998, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Gwinnett Business;
BRIEFS

BYLINE: Maria L. Lameiras

SECTION: GWINNETT EXTRA; Pg. 02JJ

LENGTH: 823 words



Risk Management leasing space

The Atlanta regional office of Chicago-based Alter Group has leased office space
at its 50-acre Chattahoochee Corners business park in Duluth.

Risk Management Alternatives Inc. has leased nearly 10,000 square feet of office
space, said Todd Yates, Alter Group vice president. RMA provides debt-collection
and management services, primarily for clients in the bank-card, retail, health
care and telecommunications industries.

Founded in 1955 by William A. Alter, the Alter Group has six affiliate companies
and owns 20 business parks and more than 100 buildings in the Midwest and
Southeast, and is a national real estate organization with services including
general consulting, strategic planning, site selection, development and property
management. Gordon Bailey and Associates Inc., a Duluth marketing consulting and
communications firm, has named Susan Thrower as a senior account representative.
Thrower, a research associate at Georgia Tech the last four years, will be
responsible primarily for work on the Siemens Energy & Automation account.

Chesapeake Bagels, Bakery & Cafe --- formerly Chesapeake Bagel Bakery --- has
opened at 3665 Club Drive NW in Duluth with new owners, a new menu and a new
look. AFC Enterprises of Atlanta bought out Chesapeake Bagel Bakery last year
and has been busy reinventing the concept. The newly opened cafe features
bagels, muffins and other bakery items, wraps, sandwiches, pizzas, salads and a
full espresso bar.

Dr. Bradley Greenway, who has a dental practice in Norcross, received the 1998
Honorable Fellow Award from the Georgia Dental Association during the
association's annual meeting in Amelia Island, Fla. The award is one of the
association's highest honors and is given to GDA members who have exhibited
outstanding community service, integrity, adherence to the GDA code of ethics
and dedication to the dental profession. Greenway graduated from the Emory
University School of Dentistry in 1984 and is a member of the American Dental
Association and Georgia Dental Association.

Eastside Medical Center in Snellville has begun construction that will double
the size of the hospital's emergency department, enlarge the pediatric
after-hours care center and the outpatient day surgery center and add state of
the art magnetic resonance imaging equipment to the expanded diagnostics center.
The hospital expansion is scheduled to be completed in late 1999.

Potential entrepreneurs interested in a little help can take advantage of
Georgia State University's Small Business Development Center through Seven Steps
to Starting Your Own Business, a seven-week program to be held on Tuesdays Sept.
29 through Nov. 10. The class will run from 6:15 until 9:15 p.m. at GSU's North
Metro Center at 1140 Hammond Drive, Corporate Campus, Building J, Sandy Springs.
Advance registration is required; cost is $ 30 for a single session or $ 99 for
the entire seven weeks. For more information, call Pam Davis at 404-651-3550 or
visit the GSU Small Business Development Center's Website at www.gsu.edu/
wwwsbp.

The Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce is taking reservations from businesses and
industries who wish to have a display table at the Business in Gwinnett Expo &
Career Fair to be held Sept. 17 at the Gwinnett Civic & Cultural Center. To
reserve a trade show or career fair table, call Stacey Jacobs at 770-513-3000,
ext. 103. CHAMBER CALENDAR Wednesday: Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce membership
luncheon will feature U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich. Sponsored by First Union
National Bank, the luncheon will be at the Atlanta Marriott-Gwinnett Place, I-85
and Pleasant Hill Road, Duluth. Registration begins at 11:45 a.m. Cost is $ 25
for chamber members and $ 35 for nonmembers. Reservations required. Call Suzanne
Adams at 770-513-3000, Ext. 116. Thursday: Gwinnett Chamber of Commerce
membership golf tournament begins at 11 a.m. at Hamilton Mill Golf Course,
Dacula. Cost for entry is $ 125 per golfer, which includes driving range time,
cart, greens fees, tournament play, complimentary bag tags, box lunch, goody bag
and Business After Hours. Company teams of four are encouraged. Tournament
sponsorship opportunities are still available. Business After Hours will be held
from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. along with the tournament celebration. Business After
Hours is open to the public. Admission is $ 5 for guests and free to Chamber of
Commerce members. Registration is recommended. For more information, call
Suzanne Adams at 770-513-3000, Ext. 116. Friday: International Committee
meeting, monthly meeting. 8 a.m., Chamber boardroom. For more information call
Jennifer Aiken at 770-513-3000, ext. 114.

Compiled by staff writer Maria M. Lameiras. Submit items, ask questions or make
suggestions by e-mail to mlameiras@ajc.com, by phone to 770-263-3847, by fax to
770-263-3011 or by mail to 6455 Best Friend Road, Norcross, GA 30071.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday

Alter grad honored as pioneer among Notre Dame women;
Jane Lammers was one of five athletes invited back to mark the school's 35th
anniversary for women's sports.

BYLINE: By Dave Lamb Contributing Writer

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-12

LENGTH: 621 words


Notre Dame's high profile in women's athletics, which includes national titles
in basketball and soccer, could easily be taken for granted by Fighting Irish
athletes.

They would know better after talking with Jane Lammers.

When the former Alter High School tennis player entered the University of Notre
Dame in 1973 - only the second year women were accepted at the school - there
were no titles to be won. Notre Dame had no sports for women.

What Lammers did next is now part of the school's athletic legacy that was
recently celebrated on campus. She played a major role in establishing tennis as
Notre Dame's first varsity women's sport by her senior year.

Lammers was one of five former athletes - a tennis teammate and three members of
the second sport, fencing - invited back recently for the 35th anniversary of
women's athletics.

They were introduced and presented the flag in front of a sold-out stadium
before the football game against Penn State.

"It was a thrill to be on the field. The stadium was all charged up for the
game. I didn't want to get off the field," said Lammers, who now lives near San
Diego in Fallbrook, Calif.

Lammers was always comfortable in a crowd. She has seven sisters and one
brother. She was one of 300 women admitted to Notre Dame in 1973, one year after
the initial class of 150.

She didn't think about packed stadiums when she first went to South Bend, Ind.
The former Alter tennis captain just wanted to compete.

Two factors worked in her favor.

First, the year before her arrival, the national legislation known as Title IX
sought to create gender equity in college athletics. Female participation in
intercollegiate athletics has increased 400 percent since Title IX was enacted.

Lammers also had a connection in the Notre Dame athletic department. AD Moose
Krause had coached her dad, Paul, in basketball in the late 1940s.

Paul Lammers also played baseball for the Irish and was drafted by the Chicago
Cubs. The St. Henry native reached Class AAA in the Pacific Coast League before
bursitis ended his career and he settled back in Oakwood.

Krause attended Paul Lammers' funeral in 1971, when Jane was an Alter sophomore.
Three years later, she visited Krause's office to talk about the lack of women's
athletics.

"I just thought it was an oversight they didn't have women's sports," she said.
"I made an appointment to see him."

Krause was receptive, but "it was still a struggle," she said.

The first year she had to form an "interest group." The next year tennis was
elevated to a club team.

By her senior year, Notre Dame had its first varsity sport. Lammers was a
four-year captain and helped schedule the team's matches with other schools.

On the court, she posted a 10-1 record and the Irish finished 8-3. Off the
court, the former co-president of her senior class at Alter was president of the
Women's Athletic Association at Notre Dame.

She was one of two students who served on the Committee to Evaluate Co-Education
at Notre Dame.

Lammers, who was a teaching pro for a few summers at Marinole Tennis Club in
Kettering, worked in the athletic department at St. Mary's College for two years
after graduation.

She was a swimming coach and assistant tennis coach.

Shebecame a CPA and worked for the U.S. Treasury Department for 20 years in
California before she showed her adventurous side by venturing into photography.
She illustrated several books, including America's National Historic Trails and
America's National Scenic Trails. But Lammers hadn't followed the trail back to
Notre Dame in more than a quarter century. The anniversary event in the packed
stadium was both historic and scenic. "It was a thrill to be recognized for our
accomplishments," she said. "We were all trailblazers."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday

Alter grad celebrated for role in Notre Dame history;
Jane Lammers was one of five athletes invited back to mark the school's 35th
anniversary for women's sports.

BYLINE: By Dave Lamb Contributing Writer

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-12

LENGTH: 630 words


Notre Dame's high profile in women's athletics, which includes national titles
in basketball and soccer, could easily be taken for granted by Fighting Irish
athletes.

They would know better after talking with Jane Lammers.

When the former Alter High School tennis player entered the University of Notre
Dame in 1973 - only the second year women were accepted at the school - there
were no titles to be won. Notre Dame had no sports for women.

What Lammers did next is now part of the school's athletic legacy that was
recently celebrated on campus. She played a major role in establishing tennis as
Notre Dame's first varsity women's sport by her senior year.

Lammers was one of five former athletes - a tennis teammate and three members of
the second sport, fencing - invited back recently for the 35th anniversary of
women's athletics.

They were introduced and presented the flag in front of a sold-out stadium
before the football game against Penn State.

"It was a thrill to be on the field. The stadium was all charged up for the
game. I didn't want to get off the field," said Lammers, who now lives near San
Diego in Fallbrook, Calif.

Lammers was always comfortable in a crowd. She has seven sisters and one
brother. She was one of 300 women admitted to Notre Dame in 1973, one year after
the initial class of 150.

She didn't think about packed stadiums when she first went to South Bend, Ind.
The former Alter tennis captain just wanted to compete.

Two factors worked in her favor.

First, the year before her arrival, the national legislation known as Title IX
sought to create gender equity in college athletics. Female participation in
intercollegiate athletics has increased 400 percent since Title IX was enacted.

Lammers also had a connection in the Notre Dame athletic department. AD Moose
Krause had coached her dad, Paul, in basketball in the late 1940s.

Paul Lammers also played baseball for the Irish and was drafted by the Chicago
Cubs. The St. Henry native reached Class AAA in the Pacific Coast League before
bursitis ended his career and he settled back in Oakwood.

Krause attended Paul Lammers' funeral in 1971, when Jane was an Alter sophomore.
Three years later, she visited Krause's office to talk about the lack of women's
athletics.

"I just thought it was an oversight they didn't have women's sports," she said.
"I made an appointment to see him."

Krause was receptive, but "it was still a struggle," she said.

The first year she had to form an "interest group." The next year tennis was
elevated to a club team.

By her senior year, Notre Dame had its first varsity sport. Lammers was a
four-year captain and helped schedule the team's matches with other schools.

On the court, she posted a 10-1 record and the Irish finished 8-3. Off the
court, the former co-president of her senior class at Alter was president of the
Women's Athletic Association at Notre Dame.

She was one of two students who served on the Committee to Evaluate Co-Education
at Notre Dame.

Lammers, who was a teaching pro for a few summers at Marinole Tennis Club in
Kettering, worked in the athletic department at St. Mary's College for two years
after graduation.

She was a swimming coach and assistant tennis coach.

Shebecame a CPA and worked for the U.S. Treasury Department for 20 years in
California before she showed her adventurous side by venturing into photography.

She illustrated several books, including America's National Historic Trails and
America's National Scenic Trails.

But Lammers hadn't followed the trail back to Notre Dame in more than a quarter
century.

The anniversary event in the packed stadium was both historic and scenic.

"It was a thrill to be recognized for our accomplishments," she said. "We were
all trailblazers."

Contact this columnist at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Knights advance to state final;
Alter survives four turnovers, blocked field goal in victory.;
FOOTBALL STATE SEMIFINAL ALTER 25, KENTON 22

BYLINE: By Rick Cassano

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 527 words


SIDNEY - The Division IV state championship is one win away from Alter High
School's football team.

The unbeaten Knights had to dig deep to earn a semifinal victory Friday night,
but that's exactly what they did.

Senior Chris Finke returned a punt for a touchdown and picked off two passes as
Alter rallied from a 14-10 deficit in the fourth quarter and fought off Kenton
25-22 at Sidney Memorial Stadium.

"Playing for the state championship is really a dream come true," Finke said.
"It's been our goal since the beginning of the season. Anything less wouldn't
have been good enough. Anything less than winning it won't be good enough for
us."

Alter (14-0) will make its fourth appearance in a state title game Friday at 10
a.m., facing Cleveland Benedictine (13-1) at Ohio Stadium in Columbus.

The Knights were fortunate to get past Kenton. Quarterback Dusty Hayes lost
three fumbles, Nick Coleman threw an interception on a halfback pass and Alex
Craft's 28-yard field-goal attempt was blocked on the last play of the first
half.

Hayes did run for two touchdowns, gaining 107 yards on 31 carries.

"Sometimes good teams make mistakes and struggle, and that was the situation
tonight," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said. "But a lot of that was the result of some
great play by Kenton. Their kids were very physical."

The Wildcats (11-3) erased 7-0 and 10-7 deficits to take a 14-10 lead on
quarterback Trent Hites' 1-yard touchdown run with 1:06 left in the third
stanza.

Alter punted on its next possession, a 56-yard boot by Craft to the KHS 4. Hites
was called for intentional grounding in the end zone on the next play, giving
the Knights a safety.

Alter's next drive ended with Coleman's interception, but Kenton then had to
punt. Finke responded with a 40-yard return for a touchdown.

"I'm glad they kicked that one to me. They had been kicking a few out of
bounds," Finke said. "My blockers set up the wall right up the right side, and
they had their eyes open looking where to make the seam and making sure I didn't
run into them.

"As soon as I catch it, I look and see the wall and I'm thinking yardage. Then
when I saw a seam, then I knew it was a touchdown."

Hayes made it 25-14 with a 1-yard TD run 68 seconds later, a score set up by
Finke's second interception.

The Wildcats closed the gap to 25-22 with 2:32 left when Hites hit Colyn
Blackford for a 10-yard TD, then connected with Kollin Stollar for the
conversion.

Kenton's last possession began at its 20 with 0:53 showing. Hites was sacked on
fourth-and-21 from his 23 as time expired.

Hites was 24 of 61 for 323 yards and two touchdowns, and he was picked off three
times (once by Conor Wood). He did all of the Wildcats' running, getting
minus-32 yards on 12 carries.

"This game is what I expected. I don't know if it's what they expected," Kenton
coach Brent Fackler said. "I think they might have come in a little
overconfident. I think our guys hit them and played real well. I thought we left
some points out on the field."

Alter was limited to 179 yards on the ground, and Coleman had 34 yards on 15
carries. Craft kicked a 22-yard field goal.

Contact this reporter at 513-820-2194 or email Rick.Cassa no@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 27, 2007 Sunday

Extra inches worth the fight for Alter's Thuney;
Knights junior finally breaks 18 feet in a long jump that earns her the regional
title.

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 524 words


DAYTON - All Megan Thuney lacked was a half inch. Might as well have been a
mile.

"I was so mad," said Thuney after a 17-foot, 11 1/2-inch long jump in last
week's district.

"I told myself I have to get 18 (feet)."

The Alter High School junior finally cracked that barrier, soaring 18-2 1/2 to
win Saturday's Division II track and field regional at Welcome Stadium. The top
four in each event qualify for this week's season-ending state meet at Ohio
State University.

"I could feel a huge difference when I jumped 18," Thuney said. "I could feel
like I was soaring."

Thuney was just one hub of an incredible effort by the Knights, who won six
events to snap runner-up Columbus Eastmoor's three-year reign as the girls team
champion, 102-67.

Also winning for Alter were its 1,600- and 3,200-meter relays, Hilary Esselstein
in the 800 (5:09.52), Ashley Cattran in the 400 (56.95) and Holley Mangold in
the shot put (42-9).

"I've waited a month to get 40 (feet)," said Mangold, who went to state in the
shot as a sophomore but missed the 2006 regional while recovering from an auto
accident.

"It's nice to finally go back to state."

* Oakwood's Dani Reese tucked behind Brookville's Jessica Wilson for most of the
800 and made her move at the right time.

"Knowing what you're doing is a big part (of racing)," said Reese, who outlasted
Wilson to win (2:19.59).

"It's not going in blind and knowing your competition."

Wilson was second (2:19.74), Alter's Lauren Bockrath third and teammate
Catherine Crisler fourth in an area sweep.

* Sprinter Skylar Dooley was superb for Clinton-Massie. The junior overtook
Travis Jackson of Chaminade-Julienne in the final strides to win the 100
(11.16). He also jetted past Columbus Eastmoor and Stivers to anchor the 400
relay to another first (42.95).

He wrapped up a productive day with a fourth in the 200.

"I just didn't have the juice I needed in that 200," he said.

The Falcons rode Dooley and Drew Frey's previous long jump win to place third
(40) in the boys team race behind Eastmoor (56) and Bellefontaine (55). The
Chieftains won the final 1,600 relay (3:22.72), but Eastmoor placed fourth for
the winning team points.

* Losing to Dooley in the 100 stoked Jackson for his next two races. He blew
past Northridge and Bellefontaine on the anchor leg of the 800 relay to win
(1:30.08) and also hammered the 200 field (22.42).

"I was really focused in getting some revenge," the junior said. "I didn't want
to lay down any more."

* There's no missing Tyler Fosnight when he goes to work.

"I'm just counting on the adrenalin to flow and wait for it," said the
Milton-Union junior shot putter, who pumps the crowd, barks at himself and
usually delivers. "That's what I need to get the big throws out."

None were bigger than his winning heave of 55-2 1/4. That's still 2 less feet
than his state D-II leading effort.

"I'm looking for 60 (feet)," he said. "That's the magic number."

* Tippecanoe junior Lauren Crawford will make her third straight state trip in
the pole vault after clearing 11-0 to win. Janelle McSurley of Clinton-Massie
was fourth (9-6).

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2381 or mpendleton@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Megan Thuney 'soars' to a regional title in the long jump
Saturday. Her leap of 18 feet, 2 1/2 inches was the junior's first time breaking
18 feet.
Clinton-Massie High School's Janelle McSurley can't quite make this attempt
during the pole vault Saturday at the Division II regional track meet at Welcome
Stadium. No worries, though, since McSurley finished in fourth place, qualifying
for the state meet with a vault of 9 feet, 6 inches. Staff photos by Teesha
McClam

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 20, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Metro Business;
Divorce Lawyer Switches

BYLINE: By LISA W. FODERARO

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 173 words


One of of New York City's premier divorce lawyers, Eleanor B. Alter, is leaving
Rosenman & Colin, her law firm of 15 years, and taking a team of family-law
attorneys with her.

Famous for celebrity clients like Mia Farrow and Christie Brinkley, Ms. Alter
will become a partner at Kasowitz, Benson, Torres & Friedman. The 76-lawyer
firm, which she officialy joins July 1, is only four years old and currently has
no divorce practice. Ms. Alter, 58, is making the switch with a large crew: five
associates, three secretaries, two paralegals and a file clerk, as well as
Helene Brezinsky, a family law partner.

This is not the first time Rosenman & Colin, a 240-lawyer firm, has suffered a
brain drain at the hands of Kasowitz, Benson. Eric J. Wallach, head of Kasowitz,
Benson's employment practice, left Rosenman after 20 years last September,
taking four associates with him. Three of the four men in the firm's name --
Marc E. Kasowitz, Daniel R. Benson and Hector Torres -- are also Rosenman
alumni.
   LISA W. FODERARO

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 8, 2007 Thursday

Top-seeded Alter poses big hurdle to Coldwater;
The fifth-seeded Cavaliers have the Miami Valley's longest playoff streak with
11 straight appearances.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 328 words


COLDWATER - For a team that loves to throw the football, the Coldwater Cavaliers
have flown under the radar this season.

The Cavaliers hold the Miami Valley's longest current playoff streak with 11
straight appearances. They are just two years removed from a Division IV state
championship.

Yet the Cavs (10-1) are seemingly an afterthought when scanning the D-IV playoff
field this season. So what's the best way to become a big blip on everyone's
screen?

Simple: Beat Alter (11-0) in the D-IV regional semifinals at Piqua's Alexander
Stadium on Saturday.

"No question they are one of the best teams in the postseason, and I'm not sure
what division I'm talking about," Coldwater coach John Reed said of the Knights,
who have won those 11 games by an average of 34 points.

Alter, the top seed in Region 16, and No. 5 Coldwater have never played. But the
Cavaliers do have history with Dayton-area teams. Most recently, Coldwater
played Miamisburg in the late 1980s and Jefferson in '92. None, though, were as
good as the Knights.

"You look at this position and wow. You look at that position and wow," Reed
said of Alter's lineup. "We've played great teams in the postseason before. It's
just what we have to do to get where we want to go."

The Cavaliers' shotgun offense, guided by quarterback Cory Klenke and the
emergence of a strong offensive line, has taken off since a Week 2 loss to
Marion Local.

The Cavs have averaged 45 points their last nine games, including last week's
43-14 playoff win over Jonathan Alder. But last season's regional semifinal loss
to Oak Harbor and the setback to Marion (the Cavs' first regular-season loss in
34 games) seemed to draw attention away from the Midwest Athletic Conference
power.

"It was kind of like nobody heard of Coldwater. That's OK, that's the way it
goes," Reed said. "I guess if you want to be in the limelight, you have to win
them all."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991, or
gbilling@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       April 12, 2001, Thursday Edition 1

Caroline Suspect Refuses To Co-operate In Usa

BYLINE: The Journal

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 18

LENGTH: 275 words

The man suspected of the murder of British schoolgirl Caroline Dickinson is
refusing to co-operate with prosecutors in Miami, his US lawyer said last
night.Francisco Montez was arrested in the city in Florida last month but his
link to the crime was only realised by an alert immigration officer who had read
about the schoolgirl's murder while on holiday in Britain. Caroline, 13, from
Bodmin in Cornwall, was raped and suffocated as she slept with friends in a
hostel in Pleine Fougeres in Brittany while on a school trip to France in
1996.Montez, 50, was named by police in France as one of their suspects and the
Spanish-born restaurant worker is wanted in connection with a series of assaults
on teenager girls in hostels in the Loire Valley, 200 miles from where Caroline
was killed.Yesterday his lawyer Connie Alter said he would not be co-operating
with prosecutors in his trial on charges of breaking into a woman's house and
committing a lewd act."My client will be exercising his constitutional right to
silence," said Ms Alter.She could not comment on how this would affect the
investigation into Caroline's murder.Ms Alter was speaking after Montez appeared
in court to be formally charged with the offence in Miami and have his trial
fixed for July 2.The prosecution also succeeded in a bid to prevent him paying a
$ 30,000 [£20,888] bond to be granted bail and he was remanded in custody.The
French consulate in Miami yesterday passed a request for a new DNA sample from
Montez to the American authorities. US DNA tests have so far shown "a close
match" between Montez and samples taken at the scene of Caroline's murder.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2001

                Copyright 2001 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            April 18, 2015 Saturday

Images: Cardinal George 1937-2015

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 65 words


Images: Cardinal George 1937-2015

Cardinal George, the former leader of the Chicago Archdiocese, succumbed to his
long battle with cancer. He was 78. A regular presence in the suburbs, George
frequently visited local parishes and schools during his years as archbishop,
from 1997 to 2014. He'd lead Masses, celebrate milestones, greet church members,
and console parishes during tough times.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com St. Mary's Church in Buffalo Grove
welcomes Cardinal Francis George to recognize the ministry of alter services.
Cardinal George takes a moment to reflect during mass. Mark
Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com St. Mary's Church in Buffalo Grove welcomes
Cardinal Francis George to recognize the ministry of alter services. Cardinal
George takes a moment to reflect during mass. Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com,
November 2005 Cardinal Francis George, the eighth archbishop of Chicago, died
Friday after a long battle with cancer. Three days of services and public
visitation begin Tuesday.Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com St. Mary's Church in
Buffalo Grove welcomes Cardinal Francis George to recognize the ministry of
alter services. Here Cardinal George says mass for the people of St. Mary's
Church in Buffalo Grove.Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com St. Mary's Church in
Buffalo Grove welcomes Cardinal Francis George to recognize the ministry of
alter services. The Cardinal looks out on the masses at St. Marys.Mark
Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com St. Mary's Church in Buffalo Grove welcomes
Cardinal Francis George to recognize the ministry of alter services. The
Cardinal enters the church as the others priests follow in his footsteps.John
Starks/Daily Herald, August 2005 The Rev. Robert Rizzo, left, greeted Cardinal
Francis George at Rizzo's installation Mass as pastor of St. Hubert Parish in
Hoffman Estates in 2005. John Starks/jstarks@dailyherald.com The Reverend Robert
C. Rizzo is all smiles after greeting Francis Cardinal George, the Archibishop
of Chicago Sunday at St. Hubert Church in Hoffman Estates. Cardinal George was
the Principal Celebrant in the Rite of Installation of Rizzo as the fourth
pastor of St. Hubert. Rizzo had eagerly greeted the Cardinal after he was
delayed in traffic for the ceremony.Daniel White/dwhite@dailyherald.com Alexian
Brothers Medical Center Hospital marks an expansion milestone as His Eminence
Francis Cardinal George dedicates the new Maddalena and Charles Pastika Memorial
Chapel of the Immaculate Conception. Posing for a photo are Terry Pastika, left,
daughter of donor Dr. Charles Pastika, right.Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com
Archbishop Francis Cardinal George gives his Homily during St. Joseph the Worker
Catholic Church's 50th Anniversary Mass, in Wheeling.Mark
Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Archbishop Francis Cardinal George admires the gift
of a St. Joseph statue after St. Joseph the Worker Catholic Church's 50th
Anniversary Mass, in Wheeling.Joe Lewnard/jlewnard@dailyherald.com Cardinal
Francis George descends the church steps during the funeral for Rev. Arthur
Fagan at St. Julian Eymard, Elk Grove Village, Thursday.Foto: Associated Press
El Cardenal Francis George, lder de la Arquidicesis de Chicago a punto de
jubilarse ( izq.) saluda al recin nombrado arzobispo de Chicago, Blase Cupich,
despus de que Cupich hablara ante los medios de comunicacin en una conferencia
de prensa en Chicago. El asumir su cargo en noviembre. Cardinal Francis George,
retiring leader of the Archdiocese of Chicago, left, shakes hands with newly
appointed Archbishop of Chicago Blase Cupich. Cupich spoke to the media after
being introduced during a news conference in Chicago. He will assume his new
role in November. Associated Press Cardinal Francis George, retiring leader of
the Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago left, shakes hands with newly appointed
Archbishop of Chicago, Archbishop Blase Cupich right, after Cupich spoke to the
media during a news conference in Chicago, Saturday, Sept. 20, 2014.photos by
JOE LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.com Cardinal Francis George is flanked by the
Knights of Columbus during the processional of the Archdiocese Mass for Life in
commemoration of the 36th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, at Queen of the Rosary
Parish, Elk Grove Village. JOE LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal
George is flanked by the Knights of Columbus during the processional of the
Archdiocese Mass for Life in commemoration of the 36th anniversary of Roe v
Wade, at Queen of the Rosary Parish, Elk Grove Village.JOE
LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George delivers the homily
during the Archdiocese Mass for Life in commemoration of the 36th anniversary of
Roe v Wade, at Queen of the Rosary Parish, Elk Grove Village.Mark
Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Cardinal Francis George of Chicago presides over
the blessing and dedication of the East Tower at Alexian Brothers Medical Center
in Elk Grove Village Thursday. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Francis
Cardinal George, Archbishop of Chicago presides over the blessing and dedication
of the East Tower at Alexian Brothers Medical Center in Elk Grove on Thursday
May 21, 2009.Francis George Cardinal Francis George in 2011 spoke to St. Mary's
Catholic Church in Buffalo Grove during a Friday night service dedicated to
teens participating in World Youth Day. daily herald file photo Daily Herald
file photo Francis Cardinal George of St. Mary's Catholic Church in Buffalo
Grove speaks during the Friday night service. The service was dedicated to the
teens participating in World youth Day. About 500 teens from Cook and Lake
county will be traveling over to Madrid August 8th for World Youth Day.COURTESY
OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Cardinal Francis George appeared Friday night at the Drury Lane
conference center in Oakbrook Terrace in his first public appearance since being
diagnosed with cancer. COURTESY OF ABC 7 CHICAGO Cardinal Francis George was at
the Drury Lane conference and banquet center in Oakbrook Terrace Friday night
his first public appearance since being diagnosed again with cancer. Francis
George Daily Herald file photo Cardinal Francis George appears Friday night in
his first public appearance since being diagnosed with cancer.Cardinal Francis
George Cardinal Francis George. Associated Press Chicago Cardinal Francis George
speaks during a news conference Friday, April 11, 2013, in Chicago. The
77-year-old spiritual leader of the Archdiocese of Chicago's more than 2 million
Roman Catholics Chicago's said the Roman Catholic Church has told him it will
begin searching for his successor because of his "uncertain" health as he
undergoes chemotherapy.Associated Press In this April 11 file photo, Chicago
Cardinal Francis George speaks during a news conference in Chicago. Bishop Blase
Cupich of Spokane, Wash., will be the next archbishop of Chicago. "I hope to
have the strength," George said Saturday, Sept. 20, when asked about his health
and whether he would try to make a delayed trip to Rome to meet with Pope
Francis in November. Associated Press Chicago Cardinal Francis George speaks
during a news conference in Chicago. The Associated Press has learned that
Bishop Blase Cupich of Spokane, Wash., will be the next archbishop of Chicago. A
person with knowledge of the selection says Cupich will succeed George. The
person spoke on the condition of anonymity because the person wasn't authorized
to speak publicly.FILE - In this April 11, 2014, file photo, Chicago Cardinal
Francis George pauses while speaking during a news conference in Chicago. The
Associated Press has learned that Bishop Blase Cupich of Spokane, Wash., will be
the next archbishop of Chicago. A person with knowledge of the selection says
Cupich will succeed George. The person spoke on the condition of anonymity
because the person wasn't authorized to speak publicly. The Archdiocese of
Chicago has scheduled a news conference Saturday, Sept. 20, but will not
comment. (AP Photo/M. Spencer Green, File) Associated Press Chicago Cardinal
Francis George pauses while speaking during a news conference in Chicago. The
Associated Press has learned that Bishop Blase Cupich of Spokane, Wash., will be
the next archbishop of Chicago. A person with knowledge of the selection says
Cupich will succeed George. The person spoke on the condition of anonymity
because the person wasn't authorized to speak publicly. The Archdiocese of
Chicago has scheduled a news conference Saturday, Sept. 20, but will not
comment. Cardinal Francis George pauses at a news conference in Chicago shortly
before announcing he would retire.The Archdiocese of Chicago said retired
Cardinal Francis George was admitted to the hospital Sunday, March 1, for
evaluation after he stopped treatment for kidney cancer more than a month ago.
Archdiocese officials say he'll stay there several days while tests are done.
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast, File) Associated Press Retiring Cardinal Francis
George listens at Holy Name Cathedral in Chicago during Bishop Blase Cupich's
Rite of Reception service last November. Associated Press Cardinal Francis
George listens at Holy Name Cathedral in Chicago during Bishop Blase Cupich's
Rite of Reception service. The Archdiocese of Chicago said Tuesday, March 3,
2015, that George was admitted to the hospital Sunday, March 1, for evaluation
after he stopped treatment for kidney cancer more than a month ago. Archdiocese
officials say he'll stay there several days while tests are done. Associated
Press file photo Retiring Cardinal Francis George listens at Holy Name Cathedral
in Chicago during Bishop Blase Cupich's Rite of Reception service. Multiple news
outlets are reporting that Cardinal George has died.foto: Mark Black El cardenal
Francis George pasa el bculo al reverendo R. Daniel Conlon, durante la
investidura de Conlon como el quinto obispo de la dicesis de Joliet. Cardinal
Francis George passes the crosier to the Rev. R. Daniel Conlon during Conlon's
installation as the fifth bishop of the Diocese of Joliet. Mark
Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George of the Chicago Archdiocese
passes the crosier to Rev. R. Daniel Conlon, during his installation as the
fifth bishop of the Diocese of Joliet. The installation took place at the
Cathedral of St. Raymond in Joliet.Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal
Francis George rides through the hallways of the new Alexian Brothers Women and
Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates on Monday, blessing the staff, patients
and families. Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George rides
through the hallways of the new Alexian Brothers Women & Children's Hospital in
Hoffman Estates on Monday, blessing the staff, patients and families. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George rides through the
hallways of the new Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman
Estates on Monday, blessing the staff, patients and families. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George rides through the
hallways of the new Alexian Brothers Women & Children's Hospital in Hoffman
Estates on Monday, blessing the staff, patients and families. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George rides through the
hallways, blessing the staff, patients and families of the new Alexian Brothers
Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates.Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George blesses the staff,
patients and families of the new Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital
in Hoffman Estates on Monday. Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal
Francis George blesses the staff, patients and families of the new Alexian
Brothers Women & Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates on Monday. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George blesses the staff,
patients and families of the new Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital
in Hoffman Estates on Monday. Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal
Francis George blesses the staff, patients and families of the new Alexian
Brothers Women & Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates on Monday. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George blesses the staff,
patients and families of the new Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital
in Hoffman Estates.Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George
gives a blessing to Maria Mora of Carpentersville at the new Alexian Brothers
Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates. George visited the hospital
Monday for the first time. Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis
George gives a blessing to Maria Mora of Carpentersville at the new Alexian
Brothers Women & Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates. George visited the
hospital Monday for the first time. Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal
Francis George gives a blessing to Maria Mora of Carpentersville at the new
Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates. George
visited the hospital Monday for the first time. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George gives a blessing to
Maria Mora of Carpentersville at the new Alexian Brothers Women & Children's
Hospital in Hoffman Estates. George visited the hospital Monday for the first
time. Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Cardinal George gives a blessing to
Maria Mora of Carpentersville, as Francis Cardinal George blesses the staff,
patients and families of the new Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital
in Hoffman Estates.Associated PRessFrancis Cardinal George presides over a
funeral Mass for the Rev. Andrew Greeley at Christ The King Church Wednesday,
June 5, 2013, in Chicago. Greeley, an outspoken priest and best-selling author
died in his Chicago home last week he was 85. Associated PRessFrancis Cardinal
George presides over a funeral Mass for the Rev. Andrew Greeley at Christ The
King Church Wednesday, June 5, 2013, in Chicago. Greeley, an outspoken priest
and best-selling author died in his Chicago home last week he was 85. Associated
Press Francis Cardinal George presides over a funeral Mass for Rev. Andrew
Greeley at Christ The King Church Wednesday, June 5, 2013, in Chicago. Greeley,
an outspoken priest and best-selling author died in his Chicago home last week
he was 85.Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comFrancis Cardinal George rides
through the hallways, blessing the staff, patients and families of the new
Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.comFrancis Cardinal George rides through the
hallways, blessing the staff, patients and families of the new Alexian Brothers
Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates. Bob Chwedyk/Daily Herald,
April 2013 Cardinal Francis George rode through the hallways of the Alexian
Brothers Women & Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates at its dedication in
2013, spreading holy water and visiting patients and staff. Bob
Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George rides through the
hallways, blessing the staff, patients and families of the new Alexian Brothers
Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates.ASSOCIATED PRESS Bishop Blase
Cupich, left, and the retiring Cardinal Francis George listen during his Rite of
Reception service at Holy Name Cathedral, Monday, Nov. 17, 2014, in Chicago.
Cupich will be installed as the ninth Archbishop of Chicago on Tuesday. He was
named in September by Pope Francis to succeed the retiring Cardinal Francis
George. Associated Press Bishop Blase Cupich, left, and the retiring Cardinal
Francis George listen during his Rite of Reception service at Holy Name
Cathedral, Monday, Nov. 17, 2014, in Chicago. Cupich will be installed as the
ninth Archbishop of Chicago on Tuesday. He was named in September by Pope
Francis to succeed the retiring Cardinal Francis George.ASSOCIATED PRESS The
retiring Cardinal Francis George, right, welcomes Bishop Blase Cupich during the
Rite of Reception service at Holy Name Cathedral, Monday, Nov. 17, 2014, in
Chicago. Cupich will be installed as the ninth Archbishop of Chicago on Tuesday.
He was named in September by Pope Francis to succeed the retiring Cardinal
Francis George. Associated Press The retiring Cardinal Francis George, right,
welcomes Bishop Blase Cupich during the Rite of Reception service at Holy Name
Cathedral, Monday, Nov. 17, 2014, in Chicago. Cupich will be installed as the
ninth Archbishop of Chicago on Tuesday. He was named in September by Pope
Francis to succeed the retiring Cardinal Francis George.ASSOCIATED PRESS The
retiring Cardinal Francis George kisses a bible during the Installation Mass of
Archbishop Blase Cupich at Holy Name Cathedral, Tuesday, Nov. 18, 2014, in
Chicago. Cupich was named in September by Pope Francis to succeed the retiring
Cardinal Francis George. Associated Press The retiring Cardinal Francis George
kisses a bible during the Installation Mass of Archbishop Blase Cupich at Holy
Name Cathedral, Tuesday, Nov. 18, 2014, in Chicago. Cupich was named in
September by Pope Francis to succeed the retiring Cardinal Francis
George.Cardinal Francis George participates in the dedication Mass of the new
St. James School and Formation Center in Arlington Heights on Sunday. GILBERT R.
BOUCHER II/gboucher@ dailyherald.com Cardinal Francis George participates in the
dedication Mass of the new St. James School and Formation Center in Arlington
Heights on Sunday. GILBERT R. BOUCHER II/gboucher@ dailyherald.com GILBERT R.
BOUCHER II/gboucher@dailyherald.com Cardinal Francis George participates in the
dedication mass of the new St. James School and Formation Center in Arlington
Heights on Sunday.GILBERT R. BOUCHER II/gboucher@dailyherald.com Cardinal
Francis George enters the new gymnasium participates in the dedication mass of
the new St. James School and Formation Center in Arlington Heights on Sunday.JOE
LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George delivers the homily as
he celebrates mass at St. Thomas Becket Church, Mt. Prospect for the church's
40th anniversary.Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com, January 2011
 Cardinal Francis George will celebra te Mass at 6:30 p.m. Friday, July 29, at
Buffalo Grove's St. Mary Parish, 10 N . Buffalo Grove Road , and give a special
blessing to young people attending World Youth Day events in Madrid next month.

 Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com, January 2011
 Cardinal Francis George will celebra te Mass at 6:30 p.m. Friday, July 29, at
Buffalo Grove's St. Mary Parish, 10 N . Buffalo Grove Road , and give a special
blessing to young people attending World Youth Day events in Madrid next month.
Mark Black/mblack@ dailyherald.com, file photo
 Cardinal Francis George will visit St. Joseph the Worker parish in Wheeling on
Sunday.

 Mark Black/mblack@ dailyherald.com, file photo
 Cardinal Francis George will visit St. Joseph the Worker parish in Wheeling on
Sunday. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George, O.M.I. greets
people after 50th Anniversary Liturgy at St. Viator High School in Arlington
Heights. Cardinal Francis George greeted people after the 50th anniversary Mass
at St. Viator High School in Arlington Heights.Photos by JOE
LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.com Cardinal Francis George greets Christa
Louis-Charles of Round Lake before celebrating Mass with the parishioners of St.
Joseph's Catholic Church on Saturday in Round Lake to mark the parish's 100th
anniversary. JOE LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.com Francis Cardinal George
celebrates mass with the parishioners of St. Joseph Church in Round Lake on the
100th anniversary of the parish Saturday.JOE LEWNARD/jlewnard@dailyherald.com
Francis Cardinal George gives the homily as he celebrates mass with the
parishioners of St. Joseph Church in Round Lake on the 100th anniversary of the
parish Saturday.Gilbert R. Boucher II/gboucher@dailyheraldCardinal Francis
George prepares to celebrate Mass Sunday at St. Zachary Parish in Des Plaines to
mark its 50th anniversary. Gilbert R. Boucher II/gboucher@dailyheraldCardinal
Francis George prepares to celebrate Mass Sunday at St. Zachary Parish in Des
Plaines to mark its 50th anniversary. Gilbert R. Boucher
II/gboucher@dailyheraldCardinal Francis George prepares to celebrate Mass Sunday
at St. Zachary Parish in Des Plaines to mark its 50th anniversary. Gilbert R.
Boucher II/gboucher@dailyherald Cardinal Francis George prepares to conducted
mass Sunday at St. Zachary Parish in Des Plaines to mark its 50th
anniversary.Bob Chwedyk/bchwedyk@dailyherald.com Cardinal Francis George blesses
an infant at the 2013 opening of Alexian Brothers Women & Children's Hospital in
Hoffman Estates. Cardinal George blesses Alexandra Jones born prematurely.
Francis Cardinal George blesses the staff, patients and families of the new
Alexian Brothers Women and Children's Hospital in Hoffman Estates.Mark
Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George speaks with Timmy Matijevic,
11, of Palatine and Shelby Mepham, 13, also of Palatine at St. Thomas of
Villanova Catholic Church in Palatine, where he celebrated a Mass marking the
school's 50-year anniversary on Saturday. Mark
Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George speaks with Timmy Matijevic,
11, of Palatine and Shelby Mepham, 13, also of Palatine at St. Thomas of
Villanova Catholic Church in Palatine, where he celebrated a Mass marking the
school's 50-year anniversary on Saturday. Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com
Francis Cardinal George speaks with Timmy Matijevic, 11, of Palatine and Shelby
Mepham, 13, of Palatine at St. Thomas of Villanova Catholic church in Palatine
in a mass of thanksgiving celebrating the school 50 year anniversary on
Saturday.Cardinal George Daily Herald file photo Cardinal George blesses St.
Joseph the Worker's new social hall Sunday in Wheeling. The hall will serve as a
place for the perish to host events, gatherings, and mass on overcrowded
days.Steve Berczynski/sberczynski@dailyherald.comCardinal Francis George prays
with members of St. Joseph the Worker in Wheeling after blessing the new
multipurpose center. Steve Berczynski/sberczynski@dailyherald.comCardinal
Francis George prays with members of St. Joseph the Worker in Wheeling after
blessing the new multipurpose center. Daily Herald file photo Cardinal George
prays with members of the St. Joseph the Worker perish after blessing the new
social hall Sunday in Wheeling. The hall will serve as a place for the perish to
host events, gatherings, and mass on overcrowded days.photos by Bill
Zars/bzars@dailyherald.com Christopher Cataldo, center, director of the Ministry
of Gospel Renewal at the Billy Graham Center, moderates a discussion Monday
between Dr. John H. Armstrong, left, president of the ACT 3 ministry, and
Cardinal Francis George, right, Archbishop of the Chicago Archdiocese. The
event, called "A Conversation on Unity in Christ's Mission," was held Monday
night at Wheaton College's Edman Chapel. ACT 3's website describes the event as
"an evening of dialogue exploring the common ground and current challenges that
face Catholics and Evangelical Protestants in Christian faith and mission."
Daily Herald file photo Francis Cardinal George, Archbishop of the Chicago
Archdiocese speaks at "A Conversation on Unity in Christ's Mission" Monday at
Wheaton College's Edman Chapel. The event was an evening of dialogue exploring
the common ground and current challenges facing Catholics and evangelical
Protestants in Christian faith and mission.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

IN THE NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 335 words


The Reds' Brandon Phillips wins his fourth Gold Glove.

CINCINNATI REDS

Phillips takes home another Gold Glove

Cincinnati Reds second baseman Brandon Phillips won a National League Gold Glove
on Tuesday.

Phillips, who has now won four Gold Gloves, beat out Darwin Barney of the
Chicago Cubs and Mark Ellis of the Los Angeles Dodgers. Barney beat out Phillips
for the award last year.

Phillips was fifth in the NL with a .987 fielding percentage.

He hit .261 with 18 home runs and a career high 103 RBIs, despite dealing with
injuries during the second half of the season.

The Reds only other nominee was Jay Bruce in right field, who lost to Gerardo
Parra of the Arizona Diamondbacks.

GIRLS SOCCER

Alter avenges loss to McNicholas

The Alter High School girls soccer team defeated McNicholas 2-1 to win the
Division II regional semifinal at Centerville. The Knights had lost to
Mc-Nicholas 3-2 in the regular season on Sept. 11.

Avalee Hagerty and Caroline Kernan each had goals for Alter. Katie Grunder had
an assist.

The Knights will play Ross at 3 p.m. Saturday at Mariemont in the regional
final.

Ross knocks Tipp out of playoffs

Ashley Parrett scored in the 61st minute to give the Ross High School girls
soccer team a 2-1 over Tippecanoe in the D-II regional semifinal at Lakota West.

Lexi Blair scored the only goal for Tippecanoe in the 15th minute.

Fenwick keeps repeat in sight

The Fenwick High School girls soccer team defeated Columbus Academy 2-0 in the
Division III regional semifinal at Hilliard Bradley.

Leandra Hess had a goal for Fenwick, and Katie Mc-Carthy had an assist.

Fenwick (10-5-5), the defending D-III state champ, will play Lynchburg Clay
(19-0-1) in the regional final at 3 p.m. Saturday at Bell-brook.

Lehman stays alive at regional

The Lehman Catholic High School girls soccer team defeated Summit Country Day
4-2 in the Division III regional semifinal at Hamilton.

Ashley Keller scored three goals for the Cavaliers, who play in their first
regional final Saturday against Badin at a site to be determined.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        May 25, 1997 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Memories preserve DU's football legacy

BYLINE: By Irv Moss, Denver Post Sports Writer, INTERVIEW

SECTION: EMP; Pg. 08

LENGTH: 1312 words


Even after 36 years, the memories still sting John Roning when he thinks back to
when the University of Denver dropped his football program.

Some of the details of the last chapter of DU's football program have dimmed by
the wear and tear of time, but the overall picture from that Jan. 9, 1961,
announcement remains in sharp focus.

"I was a coach that all of a sudden was without a team," Roning remembered. "It
was quite a bad feeling. Something like that really throws a monkey wrench into
the lives of a lot of people. There were 50 players involved."

At times over the past month, Roning's thoughts have returned more often to
those fateful days, jostled back by an announcement that DU was dropping
baseball from its intercollegiate program after 128 years.

He didn't know baseball coach Jack Rose, but he feels a kinship. "We're kind of
companions in misery," Roning explained. "I'd like to tell him how we (wife
Agnes and daughter Ann) fought through it and that he can get through it, too."

But a picture in The Denver Post of former DU chancellor, 91-year-old Chester
Alter attending DU's final home baseball game, stirred Roning's memories the
most.

Alter was the chancellor when Roning was hired in 1955 as well as when the
Pioneers were taken off the football field. There was stark contrast between the
beginning and the end.

The late Jack Carberry wrote in his column in The Post that Roning and Alter hit
it off from the beginning when DU was looking for a coach to replace Bob
Blackman. Roning was called "The lovable Swede" at Utah State where he was
coaching.

Roning was quoted: "I said to myself that the coach of the Denver team was a
lucky individual - to have a chancellor whose interest in athletics was so
sincere." Alter prided himself on seeing DU's sports teams play both home and
away games. But he was a no show at the announcement of the football program
cancelation. "They didn't tell me anything in advance," Roning recalled. "I was
called in a day after it was over."

But even then, Alter and Roning didn't meet. "He has never contacted me," Roning
explained. "I haven't talked to him since. I have no ill feelings about him. I
believe he went by the direction of the board of directors."

Roning returned to Denver two years ago after a 35-year absence. But the two
still haven't met again. "I heard he was planning to meet me for lunch," Roning
said. "But I haven't heard anymore."

But Roning, now 86, has heard from a number of his players as well as players
from other eras at DU. Pioneer football lives through a reunion that
participants hope will become a regular affair. The stories are many. Some are
among the best in the state's collegiate football history.

When Bob Devaney, the coaching legend at Wyoming and Nebraska, died May 9,
reports noted that Devaney's Wyoming teams never lost to Colorado State
University. Devaney's Nebraska teams owned a 10-1 record against the University
of Colorado. DU's record against Devaney at Wyoming wasn't mentioned.

But Roning remembered his 1958 Pioneers beat Devaney and the Wyoming Cowboys,
15-12. But maybe the fondest memory of all concerned DU's game against coach
Phil Dickens and the Cowboys in 1955. The Pioneers won 6-3, but the victory
wasn't placed in the official books until January when Skyline Conference
Commissioner Dick Romney ruled a late DU touchdown would stand.

The controversial touchdown came on a kickoff return after Wyoming had taken a
3-0 lead. On the return, DU's Max Willsey was apparently stopped near midfield,
but he lateralled to Dick Gupton who scored. Wyoming and Dickens objected,
saying that an official whistled the play dead when Willsey was tackled. There
also was a question of whether Gupton's knee hit the ground at the 4-yard line.

Roning countered that the DU staff had discovered that the coaches on the
Wyoming sidelines had juggled the first-down markers on Wyoming's drive to a
field goal.

Roning remembers Dickens yelling "You haven't scored yet" as the players and
coaches left the field. "I just hollered back for him to look at the
scoreboard," Roning explained.

Roning remembers DU's last game. The Pioneers defeated CSU, 21-12.

"The team carried me off the field on their shoulders," Roning recalled. "We
didn't know anything about what was coming. I knew we had most of our players
back. I'm not saying they were champions, but it was a good nucleus for a very
representative team."

Roning's DU teams were 27-33 in six seasons. His last club was 3-7. He can claim
the longest unbroken tenure of any of DU's football coaches. Clyde "Cac" Hubbard
coached seven seasons, but his time was broken up between three years prior to
World War II and four seasons after.

At the last meeting of DU football alumni, Roning was presented a plaque. The
names on it tell the story: John Adams, '46; Ed Estlow, '42; Nate Feld, '45;
Dick Henke, '53; Hal Pfeifer, '51; Jack Shuster, '54; Chuck Spagnoli, '53; Max
Willsey, '57; Dick Yates, '50; Gregg Browning, '43; Rusty Fairly, '55; Bob
Friend, '53; Bill Matsch, '49; Gene Smaldone, '52; Fred Tesone, '55; John
Woudenberg, '41. Sam Pagano, the former coach at Fairview High School, keeps the
reunion alive.

Q. Why did DU drop football?

A. The story in the paper said it was because the school had lost $ 200,000 on
football. But Tad Wieman, our athletic director, said that couldn't be.

Q. Were there other factors?

A. I think the board felt the competition from the beginning of the Denver
Broncos and maybe from Air Force Academy that was just getting started and was
using our stadium at the time.

Q. Did you expect problems?

A. I thought they might drop down a notch and play Colorado College and School
of Mines. That's the way I thought they'd go instead of cutting it out. All the
equipment and everything was there.

Q. Were there other hints?

A. Maybe. They made me a full professor after I was here for four years. They
said I could go into the development department when I wasn't coaching.

Q. Chart your football history.

A. I played end at the University of Minnesota. I coached in high schools for
four years. I climbed through the ranks. I was head football coach, head
basketball coach and head track coach, dean of men and director of physical
education all at the same time at Gustavus Adolphus College, and assistant coach
at Minnesota, the head football coach at Utah State and then at DU.

Q. What happened when you learned DU was dropping football?

A. We had just bought a house. I got an offer to become athletic director at
South Dakota University. It all happened in a week.

Q. How long were you at South Dakota?

A. I was at South Dakota 10 years. Then I became commissioner of the Big Sky
Conference, and stayed for eight years. I retired from the Big Sky in 1977, and
went to work for a bank in Boise, Idaho. I stayed for four years, but said
'Hell, I don't want to work in the '80s.'

Q. Who were some of your favorite players at DU?

A. Oh, Ernie Pitts a halfback, Freddie Tesone, Rusty Fairly. There were a lot of
them. Fairly was our quarterback and at times he could be a little hard to
coach. You were never quit sure what he was going to do.

Q. Are you still interested in football?

A. Hell, yes. I watch the Broncos and CU all the time. It's a far superior game
today.

Q. Who were your biggest fans?

A. Ann and Agnes always went to the games at DU. They'd sit in the stands and
stick up for me if there was any criticism. Agnes and I have been married 57
years.

Q. DU is taking its sports program to Division 1.

A. I don't know about that. I remember people streaming into DU Stadium for the
Thanksgiving Day game. But basketball didn't draw flies in those days. Hockey
always has been good, but the competition and the expenses are going to be much
greater at that level.  Irv Moss is a Denver Post sports writer.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC:
PHOTO: The Denver Post/Brian Brainerd DU's last football coach, John Roning, was
surprised when the school dropped football 36 years ago.

TYPE: INTERVIEW

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

School headlines

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD3

LENGTH: 541 words


Alter students help raise funds

Alter High School students helped lead a March 8 fundraiser at Buffalo Wings and
Rings in Centerville that raised more than $6,000 for Homefull, an agency that
serves the local homeless population.

Alter senior Casey Hurst, who for years has been volunteering for Homefull
(formerly called The Other Place), organized fellow seniors Rachel Conley,
Jackie Kohls, Teddy Link and T.J. Dorow to help with the effort for her Theology
service learning project.

The students helped set up for the event, greeted attendees, sold raffle tickets
and answered questions on how to get more involved with Homefull.

Area students earn scholarships

Ohio Wesleyan University is announcing recipients of OWU Schubert Honors
Scholarships and Founders Scholarships following a recent academic scholarship
competition.

Local students awarded the competitive scholarships are Melanie Chin of Tipp
City; Riviere Duffy of Dayton; Corey Farrar of Huber Heights; Sarah Groendyk of
Beavercreek; Emma Haney of West Carrollton; Jennifer McCarthy of Dayton;
Samantha Murdock of Kettering; Memme Onwudiwe of Centerville; Gwendolyn
Simonalle of Tipp City; Alexandra Webb of Tipp City; and Adam Zaremsky of Yellow
Springs.

Oakwood schools host health event

March is "Spring into Shape" month at Oakwood City Schools. Kettering Health
Network, in conjunction with district nurse Sue Martin and the Employee Health
Committee of Oakwood Schools, coordinated the first-ever health and wellness
event for district employees March 11. More than 80 staff members took advantage
of free health screenings for cholesterol, blood pressure, glucose and body fat
from Kettering Health Network.

Kettering Sport Medicine Center also staffed 25 informational tables and provide
three wellness talks on memory, organics and skin cancer. Interactive
demonstrations provided information on the topics of sun safety, glaucoma
screening, bone health, diabetes and nutrition, heart health, blood pressure,
and cancer awareness.

Monte Carlo Night, fish fry set Friday

St. Charles School is having a Monte Carlo Night and Fish Fry to benefit the
school from 7 p.m. to midnight Friday. Tickets are $12 in advance or $15 at the
door of the school, 4600 Ackerman Blvd., and include dinner and three drink
tickets.

The event will feature casino games and raffles, and will have NCAA basketball
games on TV. There will be more than $20,000 worth of silent auction items,
including vacation packages, a Dayton Dragons suite outing, sports tickets and
memorabilia, full-year passes to Fraze Pavilion and the KTC Quail tennis club,
and more.

For more information, call the school at 434-4933.

Meals prepared for shelters

DAYTON - In less than an hour March 15, 1,000 meals were prepared for St.
Vincent de Paul by religious education students and their parents from St.
Albert and Holy Angels parishes, and students from Chaminade Julienne High
School.

Along with preparing chicken casseroles in C-J's gym, the 85 participants in
"Feeding 1,000; Nourishing Lives" had the opportunity to learn about the impact
of community service from Lisa Glandon, director of development and marketing
for St. Vincent de Paul. Glandon said an average of 20,000 meals a month are
served at St. Vincent's shelters.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School seniors (from left) Casey Hurst, T.J. Dorow, Jackie
Kohls, Teddy Link and Rachel Conley raised more than $6,000 for Homefull, an
agency that serves the homeless population. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

Friends, then foes, for life

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 504 words


KETTERING - For four seasons they shared highfives, plenty of highlights and
that Division IV high school state football championship. But the next time a
few of the Alter Knights share the same field, they will be greeting each other
with hard knocks.

Alter High School celebrated National Signing Day by watching five Knights ink
their Division I letters of intent in front of about 150 family, friends and
classmates on Wednesday, Feb. 4. One of Alter's biggest D-I classes as far back
as coach Ed Domsitz can remember included Chris Borland (Wisconsin), Austin
Boucher (Miami), Collin Boucher (Miami), Evan Neff (Ball State) and Max Plunkett
(Kent State).

With the Bouchers, Neff and Plunkett all in the Mid-American Conference, will
they soften the hits on their former teammates?

"No, you don't let up at all," Neff, projected as a center, said with a big
grin. "I'll have to lay (Collin) out if he comes my way. We're going to have
good times playing against each other, and hopefully Ball State comes out on
top."

Collin Boucher, expected to play linebacker for the RedHawks, will welcome the
hitting. He watched last season's title run from the sidelines with a torn
anterior cruciate ligament.

"Oh, no. I don't expect them to. It's competition," Collin Boucher said. "After
the game I'll go shake their hands and we'll keep in touch for sure. They've
been some of my best friends here."

Home-field advantage

Borland will have to adjust to life in Madison, Wis., but he'll have plenty of
family support. His father, Jeff, is from Madison and still has family there.
Borland's other top options were Iowa and Indiana, but the scholarship he
coveted was from the Badgers.

"It's my dream. I can't really put into words how much fun it's going to be,"
said Borland, an outside linebacker. "I've got a lot of work ahead of me."

Jeff Borland, who let Chris make up his own mind, said he knew his son had
athletic talent at a young age.

"Chris holds the family record for putting a fullsize basketball through a
10-foot hoop before age 3," Jeff Borland said.

Sign of the times

The recruiting process can be fun, for a while. The best part of signing on the
line for Plunkett, a lineman at Kent State, was ending those calls and letters.

"Getting it over with. It's so stressful," he said. "There are perks to it like
you get to football games for free and see a lot of behind the scenes stuff. But
the best part is getting it over with."

Plunkett considered walking on at Duke, but when Kent State came calling with an
offer he felt the Golden Flashes were a better fit.

How sweet it is

To the victors go the ... sweets?

Sheet cakes with the Kent State and Miami logos provided the icing after the
signings, as did two round Graeter's cakes congratulating Borland and cheering
on the Badgers. Cupcakes with A's in gold icing were also on hand as were M&Ms
in Kent State colors (white, blue and yellow) with "Congrats Max" and "Golden
Flashes 77."

The winner? For Austin Boucher it was Neff's Ball State cake: "It had ice cream
in the middle."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 14, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING;
An executive bound for McCann-Erickson/A&L suddenly lands instead at
TBWA/Chiat/Day.

BYLINE: By Stuart Elliot

SECTION: Section C; Page 5; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 792 words


A FUNNY thing happened to a leading creative executive on his way to San
Francisco. He is instead heading about 340 miles south.

Just two weeks ago, the executive, Gary Topolewski, agreed to leave the
Southfield, Mich., office of FCB Worldwide for McCann-Erickson/ A&L in San
Francisco. But he unexpectedly announced yesterday that he would instead join
the Playa del Rey, Calif., office of TBWA/Chiat/ Day.

The zig-zagging of Mr. Topolewski, who has helped produce award-winning creative
work on automotive brands like Jeep, is indicative of the fierce competition
among agencies for top creative talent. Their scrappy game of tug of war has
been intensified recently as many of Madison Avenue's best and brightest are
lured away by dot-coms promising stock options, less-structured corporate
environments and the chance to take on more senior responsibilities at an
earlier stage in one's career.

"He was supposed to start on Monday," Stewart Alter, a spokesman in New York for
McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising, said yesterday of Mr. Topolewski. "He
informed us this morning he wouldn't."

"We had a deal, and he decided to back out on the contract," Mr. Alter said.
"It's a surprise, but we remain committed to developing creative leadership in
San Francisco."

On March 28, Mr. Topolewski, 43, said that he would leave FCB, where he had been
executive vice president and chief creative officer on Jeep and other
DaimlerChrysler brands, to join McCann-Erickson/A&L with the same titles. The
plan was for him to work on all accounts there, including the prestigious
assignments for Microsoft.

Mr. Topolewski, who had worked in Southfield since 1989 for FCB, part of True
North Communications, and two predecessor agencies was to have assumed duties
from Steve Sweitzer, executive creative director at McCann-Erickson/A&L from
September until Mr. Sweitzer left in February.

But rather than relocate to San Francisco, Mr. Topolewski is relocating to the
Los Angeles area, where he will take a long vacant post at TBWA/Chiat/Day, part
of the TBWA Worldwide unit of the Omnicom Group. That post, executive creative
director, is being filled as part of a restructuring there; Mr. Topolewski will
take the creative lead on a majority of accounts like Energizer and Sony
Playstation.

"We've been talking for years," said Lee Clow, chairman and worldwide creative
director at TBWA. "I knew he was out here talking, and we were talking as well."

The appointment of Mr. Topolewski comes after the departures of several
high-profile creative executives at TBWA/Chiat/Day. They include Rob Siltanen,
who left to open his own shop, Siltanen/Keehn Advertising in Santa Monica,
Calif., and Chuck Bennett and Clay Williams, the creative partners who were
instrumental in producing the talking Chihuahua campaign for the Taco Bell unit
of Tricon Global Restaurants. Mr. Bennett and Mr. Williams are opening Black Box
in Marina del Rey, Calif., an agency specializing in tasks like commercial
production.

"I had a few changes here," Mr. Clow said, adding that the hiring of Mr.
Topolewski would "help streamline and crystallize a little bit better the center
of the agency."

Mr. Topolewski, who will be teamed up with Jerry Gentile, 43, a creative
director, said in a statement, "I've been wanting to move West and the
opportunity to join Chiat/Day and work with Lee was one that I just couldn't
refuse."

Mr. Alter, whose agency is part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the
Interpublic Group of Companies, was philosophical about the abrupt loss of Mr.
Topolewski.

"It's regrettable," Mr. Alter said, "but in reality it should have no effect
because we have excellent creative people in place" at McCann-Erickson/A&L,
formed by the merger of the San Francisco offices of McCann-Erickson and an
Interpublic sibling, Anderson & Lembke.

"With Microsoft in particular," Mr. Alter said, "Jonathan Cranin, the North
American creative director, has in the last months overseen the development of
several campaigns that were well received." Mr. Cranin, who is based in New
York, will continue to oversee the San Francisco operation, Mr. Alter said.

In addition, he added, "we have several candidates" to take the job that Mr.
Topolewski spurned.

Mr. Clow took the occasion of snagging Mr. Topolewski to announce other creative
appointments at TBWA/ Chiat/Day. Rob Schwartz, 34, who had been running the
Nissan Motor account for the last year with his partner, Joe Hemp, was named to
the new post of worldwide creative director on Nissan. Mr. Hemp, 37, becomes
United States creative director on Nissan. The appointments come after recent
Nissan campaigns for brands like Maxima and Xterra helped generate strong sales.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 21, 2009 Wednesday

Alter-CJ game builds in significance each week

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 288 words


Despite all the excitement about football games in the Greater Western Ohio
Conference - including the Dayton Daily News Game of the Week on Friday, Oct.
23, between Wayne and Centerville high schools - perhaps no game this season
will be bigger than the Greater Catholic League clash of Week 10.

If everything goes according to plan, Alter and Chaminade Julienne will both be
state ranked when they meet Oct. 30 to determine the GCL North Division title.

Because of the large expected crowd, the game was moved from West Carrollton
Junior High School (where CJ commonly plays its home games) to Northmont High
School.

The change in venue is a nod to the buzz building around the game that, quite
frankly, could be Alter's first major second-half challenge this season. CJ,
meanwhile, is trying to make its return to state power status in coach Andy
Helms' fourth year.

Both Alter (8-0), ranked No. 1 in the state in Division IV, and CJ (7-1), No. 6
in D-III, play 1-7 opponents this weekend, so the prospect of a combined 17-1
record is high.

One wonders what CJ's offense - including improving sophomore quarterback
Michael Simpson and running back Aaron Stokes, one of the best in the GCL - will
be able to do against an Alter defense that has made opposing coaches miserable
all season.

The venue change is another example of the benefit of having large stadiums with
field turf and athletic directors willing to allow other teams to play there.

For a game such as CJ-Alter, the fans going deserve a good view, a comfortable
seat and the best game possible. The teams have done their part so far,
Northmont helped, and the fans now just have to wait nine more days.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 7, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Guides to the Bible

SECTION: Section 7; Page 35, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 250 words


To the Editor:

The reviews in the Dec. 20 issue of two new books on the Bible,
''Congregation,'' edited by David Rosenberg, and ''The Literary Guide to the
Bible,'' edited by Robert Alter and Frank Kermode, both pointed out that neither
collection depended in any way on actually being able to read the Bible. That
is, no knowledge of Hebrew was required at all (to say nothing of Aramaic, for
Daniel), and in the case of the Alter-Kermode book the editors even made a point
of their ''preference'' for the King James ''version'' of the Bible.

This is disturbing, and particularly because it is part of an equally disturbing
trend in academic circles. Probably no scholar would presume to teach, much less
write a book or even an article about, a literary text in Greek, French, German
or any other language which that scholar was unable to read. Yet there are
courses, and indeed books, about the Bible in English and comparative literature
and ''religious studies'' departments where exactly this is done.

The Bible is written in Hebrew. It is, aside from some parts of the Torah
(Pentateuch), extremely difficult Hebrew. It escapes me entirely how anyone can
say anything of any possible interest about the ''literary aspects,'' or any
other aspects, of books that he or she cannot read!

All English translations of the Bible are bad; some are terrible (such as the
King James version, especially), and some are just incorrect, but none of them
are good.

NORMAN ROTH
Madison, Wis.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     October 29, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Sunbelt Business Brokers, the World's Largest Business Brokerage Franchise,
Opens a New Office in Naples, Florida

BYLINE: Sunbelt Business Brokers

LENGTH: 377  words


Independence, OH,  October 29, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Sunbelt Business Brokers, the
world's largest business brokerage franchise, is pleased to announce the opening
of a new Sunbelt office located in Naples, Florida. Joe Alter, the new office
owner will be offering professional business broker services in the Naples and
Fort Myers business communities.

Brian Knoderer, Sunbelt's President, stated, "We are delighted that Joe Alter
will be representing Sunbelt in the Naples-Fort Myers market. Prior to joining
Sunbelt, Joe had experience in building and eventually selling two large
internet companies in the health and fitness industry. Clients can count on
Joe's knowledge and experience from both the buyer and seller perspective."

Naples, Florida is one of the wealthiest cities in the United States with the
second highest proportion of millionaires per capita. The economy of Naples is
based on a combination of real estate development, tourism and agriculture. Fort
Myers is located about 40 miles north of Naples and is home to the region's
largest airport. Fort Myers is also the county seat and the commercial center of
Lee County, Florida.

"Southwest Florida is known for both tourism and also small business growth.
Plus, Naples was recently named the #1 place to live in the United States.
Additionally, there are new Main Street and service businesses springing up
everywhere. All of these factors combined make it an ideal location for a new
Sunbelt Business Broker's office," added Joe Alter.

Sunbelt of Naples and Fort Myers can be contacted at the following: 670
Goodlette Frank Road, Suite 209, Naples, FL 34102. For further information,
please call 855-969-3534 or e-mail Joe Alter at jalter@sunbeltnetwork.com

Please see the website: http://www.sunbeltnetwork.com/naples-fl/

About Sunbelt

Sunbelt business brokers sell more privately held businesses than any other
brokerage franchise in the world. The expansive experience and knowledge of the
Sunbelt network encompasses primarily the Main Street and Middle Market
segments, with select offices also specializing in Mergers & Acquisitions.
Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, each office is individually owned and operated
by highly qualified franchise owners.

To learn more, visit: www.sunbeltnetwork.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 19, 2008 Friday

Extra points

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 437 words


GWOC divisional take

Steve Nolan knows the Greater Western Ohio Conference is a solid, stable league.

But the Troy High School football coach can't help but miss the days of an
eight-team conference.

"I like the concept of the GWOC," Nolan said. "But three divisions is spreading
us thin. I wish it was two divisions. You could go with bigger and smaller
(teams).

"We're playing six out-of-conference games (including GWOC crossovers). It's set
up to help the bigger schools get to the playoffs."

Troy is in the GWOC North, which has five teams. That means football division
titles are decided by just four games - less than half the season.

The Trojans have always relished being a small Division I team that battles the
bigger schools. They're in the middle of their taste of that - at Centerville
last week and against Wayne tonight.

Of course, if the GWOC setup was two divisions of eight instead of five, five
and six, Troy likely would be in the smaller group since it ranks 11th out of 16
GWOC teams in boys enrollment.

"With two divisions instead of three, it would make the schedule more
appealing," Nolan said. "If you do that, you make it more of a league and not
just about the playoffs."

- Mark Gokavi

Alter's fate

Alter likely will lose two games to forfeits for using an ineligible player.
That decision has been held up this week due to a power outage at the OHSAA
offices in Columbus. The OHSAA can't comment until they receive Alter's official
letter.

Coach Ed Domsitz's mantra has been for the Knights to strive for an 8-2 record,
which makes sense. But Alter may not need to go 6-0 the rest of the way to make
the Division IV, Region 16 playoffs.

Sure, losing the computer points from Fairmont and Bellbrook hurts. But only
four other teams (Coldwater, Brookville, Clinton-Massie and Jonathan Alder) are
unbeaten. Middletown Madison, Oakwood and Northridge are 3-1. Every other school
in the 30-team region has at least two losses.

Dixie still faces Northridge, Brookville and Madison, while Massie plays Alder
in Week 10. So there are losses bound to happen to teams around Alter.

- Mark Gokavi

He played spring ball

Former Franklin football coach and athletics director Lou Kaczmarek had to call
after seeing a Dayton Daily News story about the opinions regarding spring high
school football in Ohio. He has experience.

"I played spring ball in 1940, 1941 and 1942 at Toledo Woodward," Kaczmarek
said. "As a football player, I was for it. But I wouldn't recommend it today. It
would interfere with spring sports and kids have so much going on these days."

Kaczmarek, 83, worked at Franklin from 1964-85.

- Mark Gokavi

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 28, 2005 Friday

Dazzling defense lifts T-Bolts again

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 340 words


Northmont defeated Wayne, 1-0, Thursday night to win the Division 1, Dayton 2
high school girls district soccer championship.

The win was the 12th straight for the 15-3-2 Thunderbolts, who will play
Centerville, a 3-1 winner over Beavercreek, in the regional semifinals next
Wednesday at Cedarville.

The shutout was the fifth straight for the Northmont defense, which has allowed
one goal in the last 11 games.

The only goal of the match came 11 minutes into the second half after Sara Seitz
was fouled in the penalty box. Kelly Poppaw took the penalty kicked and buried
it.

More girls soccer

* Hamilton Badin 2, Alter 1 (2 OT):** Sammi Burton scored the winning goal on a
shot from 35 yards out with 5:08 left in the second overtime to claim the
Division II, Dayton 1 district title for Badin.

Badin (14-3-2) was the No.1 team in final D-II coaches ratings, while Alter
(11-9-0) was No. 4. Tori Mathews gave Badin a 1-0 lead 10 minutes into the
match. Carly Mygrants tied it up for Alter, scoring with 37 seconds left in the
first half. Badin will play Madeira in the regional semifinals.

* Spg. Northwestern 4, Waynesville 2: The Warriors (17-1-1) jumped out to a 4-0
lead as they won the Division II, Dayton 2 district title. Jamie Rhodes, Amber
Anderson, Jenna Cooper and Katie Fulton had the goals. Northwestern plays
Cincinnati Indian Hill in the regional semifinals Wednesday.

Boys soccer

* Oakwood 6, Brookville 2: The Lumberjacks (12-4-3) broke the match open with
three goals in the first seven minutes of the second half as they won a Division
III district title. Scott Casebere scored four goals for Oakwood, giving him
eight in the last two matches.

Field hockey

* Fairmont 1, Cincinnati St. Ursula 0: Megan Schaar scored the winning goal for
Fairmont with two minutes left, on an assist from Bibbit Leab.

The win moves the Firebirds into the Southwest district championship game
Saturday at 2 p.m. vs. Cincinnati Mount Notre Dame. The game will be played at
Cincinnati Summit Country Day, with the winner advancing to the state
semifinals.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GREG LYNCH/COX NEWS SERVICE ALTER GOALKEEPER BECCA ISON punches away a
Hamilton Badin corner kick during their district championship match Thursday at
Hamilton. Badin won the game, 2-1 in double-overtime.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal

                            February 3, 2006, Friday

CORRECTION: Rolling Stone next to build LV casino?

BYLINE: By Hubble Smith

LENGTH: 529 words



The Las Vegas Review-Journal has moved a clarifying note about the story slugged
LV-ROLLING-STONE-CASINO filed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News for Feb. 3.

L.A. Pacific Center Inc. is listed as owner of the Alexis Park hotel in Clark
County Assessor's Office records. Los Angeles financier Richard Alter is listed
as the manager of L.A. Pacific Center Operating Co. and president of Financial
Capital Investment.

The clarification has been made in the third paragraph. Please delete the
original file and use this one.


Rolling Stone next to build LV casino?


By Hubble Smith


Feb. 3--The owner of Rolling Stone magazine is making a bid to turn Alexis Park
on Harmon Avenue into a $ 500 million hotel-casino that would attract the same
customers as the nearby Hard Rock Hotel, a real estate source said Wednesday.

The New York Observer reported that Rolling Stone founder Jann Wenner visited
Las Vegas over the weekend to work on development plans for a rock 'n'
roll-themed resort using the magazine's licensed name.

Neither a location nor details of a real estate transaction were revealed.

A source in Las Vegas who asked not to be identified said Wenner is looking at
the 17-acre site of the Alexis Park, a nongaming hotel that was purchased by
L.A. Pacific Center Inc. for $ 62 million in 2004. Los Angeles financier Richard
Alter is listed as the manager of L.A. Pacific Operating Co. and president of
Financial Capital Investment.

The source said Alter has had the property in escrow more than once, but has run
up against differences with his Asian business partners on how to proceed with
development.

Alter said he is not selling the property to Rolling Stone magazine and ended a
Wednesday telephone conversation by abruptly hanging up.

When he bought Alexis Park, Alter said he was going to invest $ 400 million
renovating the property with a 28-story hotel tower, 60,000-square-foot casino,
restaurants and health spa. Room inventory would be expanded from 500 to 1,500.

Alter's company, L.A. Pacific Center, also bought a 4.5-acre apartment complex
next to the hotel for $ 8.1 million, Clark County Assessor's records show.

Harmon Avenue is being transformed into a corridor of hip, new development with
an estimated $ 20 billion in planned projects, including the Hard Rock
expansion, Las Ramblas by George Clooney, Starwood's W Las Vegas, MGM Mirage's
Project CityCenter and Bruce Eichner's Cosmopolitan.

A spokesman for the Hard Rock said owner Peter Morton has been a longtime friend
of Jann Wenner. And, while nothing has been confirmed, should the Rolling Stone
hotel go through, the spokesman said, Morton would welcome the competition and
thinks it would be good for the Las Vegas market.


-----

To see more of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.lvrj.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Las Vegas Review-Journal

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.  HOT, MGM,

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LV-ROLLING-STONE-CASINO-20060203-CORRECTION

JOURNAL-CODE: LV

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2006 Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 23, 2007 Thursday

Teams face life in new divisions;
Alter joins loaded D-IV; Springboro will take on the big boys in D-I

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton Staff Writer

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. G4

LENGTH: 581 words


There's no way Alter can duplicate its drive to the 2006 Division III state
title game this season. That's because the Knights have dropped to D-IV.

The Ohio High School Athletic Association adjusts its division numbers for all
sports every two years. The number of divisions for every sport varies, but all
are based on the total underclass boys or girls enrolled at each school.
Football has the most divisions of any sport, with six.

Alter lost 34-33 in that D-III title game to unbeaten and two-time defending
state champ Steubenville. This season, the Big Red has a shot at being only the
sixth team to win three consecutive state titles since Ohio added playoffs in
1972. And, ironically, another Alter-Steubenville rematch isn't a stretch. Like
the Knights, the Big Red also has dropped to D-IV.

"Dropping a division doesn't help us during the season, but it does perhaps
allow us to have an opportunity to get in the playoffs with one less win," Alter
coach Ed Domsitz said. "But once you get there, it's a different story."

Shake it up

Of all the area division and region jumping, D-IV has been affected most.

Joining Alter in D-IV, Region 16, are D-IV holdovers Coldwater (11-1 in 2006 and
the '05 state champ), and Milton-Union (11-2), which went a program-best three
games into the postseason last year. They'll be joined by playoff and Region 16
regulars Clinton-Massie (10-2) and Oakwood (6-5).

Leaving that stacked region are Southwestern Buckeye League powers Valley View
(a rare 3-7 last season) and Monroe (10-2), both of whom bumped up to D-III,
Region 12.

And there's more potential D-IV postseason fireworks elsewhere. Youngstown
Cardinal Mooney, stocked with D-I college recruits, will be after its third D-IV
state title in four years. And Amanda-Clearcreek, a state D-V champ in 2000 and
runner-up in '03 and '04, joins the D-IV ranks.

"I read somewhere where the so-called experts said that Mooney could beat
anybody in any division," Domsitz said. "At least Mooney and Steubenville are in
same region and only one will come out alive."

Elsewhere

There are two other major division swaps involving area teams. As expected,
Springboro and its growing populace has resulted in the Panthers bumping up to
D-I, Region 4. That swells the area D-I football reps to 11, all Greater Western
Ohio Conference teams.

And Midwest Athletic Conference heavyweight Marion Local has left D-VI for D-V,
Region 20. Awaiting the Flyers in that loaded region are MAC rivals St. Henry
(14-1 and the '06 D-V state champ) and Versailles ('03 D-IV state champ and '04
runner-up).

All Marion Local did in D-VI was win state titles in 2006, '01 and '00, and
place runner-up in '03.

What made the MAC so powerful at the state-final level was its worthiness in
divisions IV, V and VI. Now, the conference will have one less chance in D-VI
because of its D-V overload.

No room for losses

Also, the Flyers won out last season after going 8-2 in the regular season. Now,
8-2 might not even make the D-V playoffs.

"No doubt about it, our margin of error is very small as far as computer
points," Marion Local coach Tim Goodwin said. "It would depend on your nonleague
game. Going 8-2 is a big question. It's going to be tough just getting in (the
playoffs)."

Based on current underclass enrollment, Marion Local likely will drop back down
to D-VI in '09. The Flyers are just eight boys over the cutoff, making them
among the smallest D-V programs.

Contact this reporter at 225-2381 or mpendleton@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ABOVE: John Rock fires a quick pass during practice at Springboro High
School on Wednesday. A growing regional population has forced the Panthers to
move from Division II to Division I. Staff photo by Dave Munch
RIGHT: Bret Pearce, coached Milton-Union to the Division IV playoffs last year.
He'll try to do it again, but this time in Region 16 instead of Region 14. Staff
photo by Lisa Powell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

Couple has lifelong roots in the community

BYLINE: HEREABOUTS SANDRA BAER

SECTION: CENTERVILLE & WASHINGTON TWP; Pg. RH6

LENGTH: 700 words


Jay and Tina Pernik of Centerville both come from families with roots in the
community. Tina Pernik, the daughter of Jack, now deceased, and Miriam
Fitzharris, was born in Dayton, but moved to Centerville with her family at 2
years old.

"We were the 50th family to join Incarnation Church," said Pernik, who attended
kindergarten and first grade in Centerville, but then transferred to Incarnation
when the Catholic school opened. "We lived in the Zengel Platt across from
Incarnation. It was all truly corn fields around here. The closest grocery store
was Dorothy Lane Market. There was one police officer and we called him 'Jim the
Cop.' "

Tina Pernik also remembers visiting the one-room library in the center of town
and the freedom she and the other children had to ride their bikes around town.
All 12 grades of the public school were housed in Magsig School, one of two
junior high schools in the district.

"I used to baby-sit Phil Donahue's kids," said Tina Pernik, who remembers that
there was a stop light on Franklin Road and not another one until you reached
Stroop Road in Kettering. "I went to Centerville in the ninth grade, before I
transferred to (Archbishop) Alter High School. I knew from the first day I
stepped into my French class at Centerville, that I wanted to teach French. My
dad used to talk about being in France during World War II and that's all I
wanted to do."

She became active in the French Club, Spanish Club, Future Teachers of America
and the Key Club, a service organization that she now advises at Bellbrook High
School.

After graduating from high school in 1968, Tina Pernik attended Ohio University,
where she studied French and education. While student teaching in Cleveland with
her best friend from high school, Joni Pernik (Hinshaw), who now works as a
special education teacher in Atlanta, she met Jay, who was studying mechanical
engineering at Case Western Reserve.

The couple married in 1974 and moved to Nashville, Tenn., before moving back to
Centerville where Tina taught French at Alter High School and Jay Pernik joined
the family business, Dayton Products, founded by his father, John Pernik, who
has since passed away.

Jay Pernik, a 1969 Alter High School graduate, was a member of the tennis team
and active in Tutorial, a service club through which he earned experience
campaigning for local candidates.

After four years of teaching, Tina Pernik remained at home with the couple's two
children, Juliana and Audrey.

Juliana is a 2001 Alter High School graduate who earned a degree in psychology
from Washington University in St. Louis and is currently pursuing a master's
degree in public administration at The Ohio State University Glenn School of
Public Affairs.

Juliana Pernik also started a young adult service group, called Columbus Gives
Back, (www.col umbusgivesback.org) that currently has more than 250 members, who
meet to socialize and give back to the community.

Audrey Pernik graduated from Centerville High School in 2001 and from American
University in Washington, D.C., in 2007 with a degree in broadcast journalism.
Following a television reporting job in Charlottesville, Va., she returned to
Washington D.C. to work as the associate manager for media advocacy of the
American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network.

Tina Pernik returned to teach French at Meadowdale High School and taught for
five years before accepting a position teaching French at Bellbrook High School,
where she now works as a guidance counselor. She also is an avid biker. And
despite her hectic schedule, ensures that she has home-cooked meals, by
preparing and freezing 150 entrees during the summer months when she is not in
school.

Jay Pernik retired from Dayton Plastics in 1996 and founded his own business,
Just Fabricated Parts. The Franklin business makes silk screen rulers used in
the quilting industry.

"We buy, distribute, plus manufacture our own," said Jay Pernik, who continued
golfing after high school and now is a member of "The Trunk Slammers," a group
of golfers who meet at different golf courses and always end the sessions by
putting their clubs in the car and slamming the trunk.

Contact this columnist at (937) 432-9054 or jjbaer@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 8, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

EX-S.E.C. Lawyer Pleads Guilty in Stock Fraud

BYLINE: By Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section D; Page 23; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 278 words


A former lawyer for the Securities and Exchange Commission has pleaded guilty to
criminal charges of securities fraud and money laundering.

The lawyer, James W. Nearen, who worked for the S.E.C. in Denver from 1988 to
1995, conspired with a Federal prosecutor, Andrew S. Pitt, in a far-reaching
scheme to inflate the prices of publicly traded stocks, according to Zachary W.
Carter, the United States Attorney in Brooklyn.

While Mr. Nearen was working as legal counsel to Comprehensive Environmental
Systems Inc. and the Alter Sales Company, he prepared false reports about the
companies and disclosed nonpublic information about Comprehensive obtained while
he worked for the S.E.C., said Mark Ressler, the assistant United States
attorney prosecuting the case. He also hid his profit from the fraud in an
attorney trust account, Mr. Ressler said.

Mr. Nearen was one of seven people charged since last October with manipulating
the price of Comprehensive, a hazardous-waste remover; Alter Sales, an
automotive-parts dealer, and Pilot Transport Inc., a maker of video-display
terminals, where Mr. Nearen was made president in September 1995.

The others have already pleaded guilty to securities fraud, except for Mr. Pitt,
who is on leave as an assistant United States attorney in Los Angeles.

Sentencing for Mr. Nearen, who pleaded guilty to three criminal counts on
Tuesday, is set for July 28. He faces a maximum jail sentence of 10 years on the
securities fraud charge, 20 years for money laundering and up to one year for
conflict of interest by a former Government official, Mr. Ressler said. He also
faces up to $1.5 million in fines.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 6, 2017

                           Alter Trading Corporation

                                700 Office Pkwy
                          Saint Louis,  MO 63141-6884
                                 United States


MSA: 41180 - St. Louis, MO-IL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (314) 872-2400
FAX: (314) 872-2420
URL: www.altertrading.com
E-MAIL: info@altertrading.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/pages/Alter-Trading-Corporation/187543684612096
LINKEDIN: www.linkedin.com/company/alter-trading

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 365588

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1898
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Iowa
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Private
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  1,250

IMPORT:  YES
EXPORT:  YES

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Jay Robinovitz,     Executive           President           EMAIL:
Pres & COO                              Chief Operating     Jay.Robinovitz@alte
                                        Officer             rtrading.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/jay-robinovitz/8/
                                                            975/59b
Don H. Martin,      Executive           Vice President      EMAIL:
VP-Ferrous Mktg                                             Don.Martin@altertra
                                                            ding.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/don-martin/7/19b/
                                                            407
Robert S. Stein,    Executive           Chairman            EMAIL:
Chm & CEO                               Chief Executive     Robert.Stein@altert
                                        Officer             rading.com
Robert A.           Executive           Administration/Oper EMAIL:
Rosencrants, VP-Ops                     ations              Robert.Rosencrants@
                                        Vice President      altertrading.com
Timothy C. Oliver,  Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
CFO & Sr VP                             President           Timothy.Oliver@alte
                                        Chief Financial     rtrading.com
                                        Officer
Robert S.           Executive           Chairman            EMAIL:
Goldstein, Chm &                        Chief Executive     robert.goldstein@al
CEO                                     Officer             tertrading.com
Michael E. Vail,    Executive           Administration/Oper EMAIL:
VP-Ops                                  ations              Michael.Vail@altert
                                        Vice President      rading.com
Robert G. Ellis,    Executive           Vice President      EMAIL:
Gen Counsel & VP                        General/Corporate   robert.ellis@altert
                                        Counsel             rading.com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/bob-ellis/24/3b9/
                                                            a91
Andrew Cole, VP-HR  Executive           Vice President      EMAIL:
                                        Human Resources     Andrew.Cole@altertr
                                                            ading.com

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Founded in 1898, Alter Trading Corporation is headquartered in St. Louis, MO. It
is a scrap metal processing services provider. The company specializes in
recycling ferrous and non-ferrous metals. It offers supply, delivery, logistics,
transportation, and brokering services. The company has 100 years of industry
experience. It serves the scrap metal industry.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Scrap & Waste Materials

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
423930 - Recyclable Material Merchant Wholesalers
SIC CODES:
5093 - Scrap & Waste Materials

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR END: 12/31

SALES:  USD 200,000,000 - USD 249,999,999

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      August 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Now in Print & eBook: Paranormal Dark Fantasy "Dark Gods of Alter Telluria" by
Barton Paul Levenson

BYLINE: Barking Rain Press

LENGTH: 522  words


Vancouver, WA,  August 23, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Barking Rain Press, a non-profit US
publisher, announced the print and eBook release of the dark fantasy novel Dark
Gods of Alter Telluria from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, author Barton Paul
Levenson. A two-time winner of the Parsec Short Story Contest, Levenson's other
novels include "The Celibate Succubus," "Max & Me" and "Year of the Human."

Pittsburgh astrophysics professor Milo Stanford finally had it good for a
change. A one-year sabbatical to teach in London and a beautiful new girlfriend.
No worries to speak of-until the day he lost it all. Caught outside in a freak
thunderstorm, Milo is struck by lightning and wakes up on the parallel world of
Alter Telluria. Unable to return home, Milo must adjust to life on a new planet
of nation-states that are ruled by supernatural beings, a strange,
pseudo-Victorian culture, and a pantheon of dark gods who delight in wreaking
havoc on the lives of the local denizens.

While struggling to adapt to his new situation, Milo is offered a position in
the Scholar's Tower by the vampire ruler Sania, Mistress of Lake Gulia. Despite
his abrasive personality and lack of deference, he quickly rises to become one
of her most trusted advisors. When the ruling wizard of neighboring Carthusia
kidnaps Sania in an attempted coup, Milo is chosen to lead a hazardous rescue
mission into the stronghold of the wizard's indomitable magic-where the dark
gods are certain to test his mettle. Can Milo rescue Sania and restore her as
ruler of Lake Gulia, or do the dark gods of Alter Telluria have other plans?

Ask for "Dark Gods of Alter Telluria" at your favorite bookstore, or buy it
online at Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Books-a-Million, Powells, Waterstones, and
many other Internet bookstores, including the Barking Rain Press website. It is
also available as an eBook through Amazon Kindle, Barnes & Noble Nook, iTunes
iBooks, Google Play, Kobo, Content Reserve/Overdrive, the Barking Rain Press
website and many other outlets worldwide.

Interested readers can preview the first four chapters for free by visiting the
Barking Rain Press website at BarkingRainPress.org.

"Dark Gods of Alter Telluria"

BISAC Genre Codes:

FIC009050 - Fiction / Fantasy / Paranormal

FIC009070 - Fiction / Fantasy / Dark Fantasy

FIC042080 - Fiction / Christian / Fantasy

BIC Genre Codes:

FM - Fantasy

FJ - Adventure

LCCN: 2015940912

ASIN: B01GYAWBKQ

Trade Paperback (216 pp)

ISBN-13: 978-1-941295-37-3

ISBN-10: 1-941295-37-1

Retail Price: $13.95 USD

Distributors: Ingram, Bertram Books, Gardners Books

eBook (ePub, Kindle, PDF)

ISBN-13: 978-1-941295-38-0

ISBN-10: 1-941295-38-X

Retail Price: $5.95 USD

Distributors: Content Reserve/Overdrive, Ingram

About Barking Rain Press

Barking Rain Press is an imprint of the BRP Publishing Group (BRP), which is a
non-profit publisher located in the greater Portland/Vancouver metropolitan
area-a thriving hub for independent publishers, writers, and literary venues.
BRP currently operates three imprints, including Barking Rain Press, Virtual
Tales, and Nitis Books. Find out more about the BRP Publishing Group at their
website, BarkingRainPress.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

Alter to face unbeaten West Holmes for state title;
Finalists' perfect records set up marquee matchup.;
GIRLS BASKETBALL

BYLINE: By Eric Frantz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 429 words


COLUMBUS - Miami Valley teams' history with Millersburg West Holmes isn't
favorable. Alter is hoping for change.

"In many ways we have been on a collision course," Knights head coach Chris Hart
said. "And we're a lot alike. Both teams play great defense, both are
fundamentally sound and both are well-prepared."

The showdown girls basketball faithful have waited for tips off at 10: 45 a.m.
today in the Division II state final at Schottenstein Center. West Holmes (28-0)
and Alter (29-0) are the last remaining undefeated teams in Ohio in any
division. They rank Nos. 1 and 2, respectively, in both the final AP and
National Guard JJHuddle D-II state polls.

Centerville knows West Holmes is good. The Knights beat the Elks 41-30 on Jan.
18 at the Classic in the Country. West Holmes also defeated Chaminade Julienne
in the D-II state semifinals last year. The Knights have finished state
runner-up the last two seasons.

"They're going to be hungry," Hart said. "Especially those seniors."

West Holmes' linchpin is Laina Snyder. One of Ohio's top 10 seniors according to
the Ohio Girls Basketball Report and the AP D-II Player of the Year, Snyder has
more than 1,000 career points and rebounds. She set a D-II state tournament
record with 19 rebounds against CJ. Snyder will stay close to home and attend
D-II Ashland University despite pursuit from D-I programs.

"She does so many things well," Hart said. "She's a great rebounder and she can
score around the basket. She keeps her team focused and relaxed."

Alter counters with youth. The Knights start a junior, two sophomores and two
freshmen.

Junior guard Emma Bockrath was recently named the GCL North Player of the Year
and point guard Braxtin Miller is Ohio Girls Basketball Report's No. 1 freshman
prospect in the state.

Alter is the last team to win a D-II state title other than Shaker Heights
Hathaway Brown, which saw its five-year streak end this year, but the Knights
don't have any state title game veterans. West Holmes has several.

"They have that advantage," Hart said, "but you've got to get there and live it
to gain experience."

Alter may be up to it.

In Thursday's 50-47 semifinal win over Toledo Rogers, the Knights were pushed to
the limit and survived. It was their first win by less than 12 points.

"I thought we showed an awful lot of resiliency, especially for how young we
are," Hart said. "We didn't have experience in that situation and it was a real
credit to our kids to come out on top.

"West Holmes is another challenge."

Eric Frantz is the managing editor of JJ Huddle. Contact him at
efrantz@jjhuddle.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 15, 2006 Friday

Cancer specialist Desch dies in air crash; was Alter, OSU grad

BYLINE: By Chick Ludwig Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 312 words


Dr. Christopher E. Desch, a cancer specialist and Alter High School graduate,
died Sunday when the single-engine plane he was piloting crashed near
Charlottesville, Va. He was 51.

Dr. Desch, a graduate of Alter (1973) and Ohio State University's School of
Medicine (1981), was a prominent Richmond, Va., specialist in oncology,
hematology and pain management.

He was flying a 30-yearold Piper Lance, owned by Chesterfield County's Wingnuts
Flying Club, when it lost power shortly after takeoff and crashed about 3 miles
east of the Charlottesville airport at 1: 26 p.m.

A helicopter medical transport crew heard Dr. Desch's distress call and
witnessed the crash.

"He was real, real low on the trees," said Scott Singel, a flight nurse. "We
were flying toward him, and I could see him getting lower and lower. Then I saw
a fire. He had impacted."

The pilot, Errol Bodin, landed the helicopter hoping to rescue the plane's
pilot. "But the plane was just rolling fire," Singel said. "It was all for
naught."

Dr. Desch attended OSU on the Chick Evans Scholarship for golf caddies, working
summers at Dayton Country Club.

He is survived by his wife, Roxanne; son, Toby; mother, Geraldine of Dayton;
brothers David, Joseph, Matthew and Michael; and sister, Teresa.

"Chris was a brilliant doctor and great person," said Alter classmate Mark
Raderstorf, of Minneapolis. "He impacted so many lives in a positive way. We
have lost a true friend."

Visitation will be 4 to 8 p.m. today at the Joseph W. Bliley Funeral Home in
Richmond. Services are at 10:30 a.m. Saturday at the Cathedral of the Sacred
Heart in Richmond.

The family requests that memorials be sent to the Evans Scholars Foundation, 1
Briar Road, Golf IL 60029 to endow the Dr. Christopher Desch library/study room
at the Evans Scholars House being built at OSU.

This story contains information from the Richmond Times-Dispatch.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 26, 2006 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Computer glitch takes money and time to fix

BYLINE: By Ken Leiser ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 515 words


Emissions tests tapping a car's on-board electronics system have a
sometimes-maddening quirk that affects thousands of cars every year.

It's significant because more than two-thirds of emissions tests being run today
in the St. Louis and Chicago metropolitan areas make use of the on-board
diagnostic system. By 2007, the technology will be the primary test tool used in
both metropolitan areas.

Recent repairs or a disconnected battery can clear data from the on-board
computer system that monitors a car's emission control systems and other
components. The only way to ready it for a retest is to take it through a series
of manufacturer-prescribed maneuvers. In other words, driving.

Sounds easy. But as Cary Alter, 46, of Herculaneum learned last year, the
process can be frustrating, time-consuming and expensive.

Alter, a senior analyst at AT&T, took his 2001 Hyundai Sonata for an emissions
test in August, but the on-board diagnostic codes for his vehicle's catalyst and
oxygen sensor read "Not Ready." Because he had just had the car repaired, the
technician urged him to drive around and return later for a retest.

He did. Same result.

Alter got a "drive cycle," or a step-by-step recipe to reset the car's computer
by driving 10 minutes or more at 50 to 65 mph, then coasting down to 15 mph
without hitting the brakes until the car reaches 20 mph. Then he had to stop and
let the car idle for 50 seconds or more before taking the car back up to highway
speeds, then gradually slowing until the car came to a stop.

Nothing. The car still was rejected. Nine times in all.

"It was like, well, what do I do now?" he said. "I am driving around, doing
this, putting (a couple hundred) miles on it. So is it inconvenient? Yeah. A big
inconvenience. The amount of gas I wasted. And my time."

Finally, he discovered a shop whose repair technician drove his car while
monitoring its readiness codes with a mobile computer. Once the codes reset, the
technician took the car for a test.

The cost: $120 for two hours of the technician's time.

Illinois test officials say they see the problem in about 1 percent to 2 percent
of all on-board diagnostic tests. The rate is much higher on cars brought in for
retests. Missouri's new computerized test rejected 3,334 vehicles between April
5 and Halloween last year because the cars' on-board computer system had failed
to reset, forcing some motorists to be retested several times before they
passed. One motorist had his Ford Explorer rejected 17 times, according to a
Post-Dispatch review of test data.

Missouri gives the vehicle owner 60 days to come back for a free retest after
the car has been rejected because of its readiness codes, said Haskins Hobson,
the vehicle inspection and maintenance team coordinator at the Missouri
Department of Natural Resources.

"We have bent over backwards or given them extra flexibility to take the time
needed to figure out why the car is not ready," he said. "But as far as is this
problem going to go away, well, it is a design feature of the OBD (on-board
diagnostic) test. The readiness test is not going to go away."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Losing car's emissions data

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 10, 2011 Saturday

Alter regroups, but too late for victory;
Scoreless first quarter sets ominous tone in Knights' opener.;
Focus on your hometown teams Cincinnati Moeller 45, Alter 44

BYLINE: By Jeff Ermann

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 393 words


Alter guard Michael Spencer beats Moeller's Ben Galemmo to the hoop to score in
the second quarter at Alter on Friday. Spencer scored 8 points in a 45-44 loss.
CONTRIBUTED PHOTO BY E.L. HUBBARD

KETTERING - There's not much that Joe Petrocelli, entering his fourth decade as
head coach at Alter, hadn't seen on a basketball court. But just eight minutes
into his 40th season, that's exactly what happened: the Knights didn't score a
single point in the first period in their home gym.

"We may have," Petrocelli said, "but I don't know if that's ever happened, and
certainly not at home."

The Knights regrouped from their season-opening struggles against Cincinnati
Moeller and eventually held several brief leads, but never fully recovered in a
45-44 loss Friday night. Moeller sharpshooter Ben Galemmo (game-high 17 points)
hit five 3-pointers and knocked down a pair of late free throws to nullify Alter
senior Jake Laravie's buzzer-beating 3-pointer.

The Knights (0-1), who return two starters from last year's 16-6 team, couldn't
buy a break in the opening period, with several 3-pointers going in and out,
missing all 12 of their shots en route to a 10-0 deficit. Despite making only
two field goals in the first 11 minutes, they raced back and eventually took a
16-15 lead after an 8-2 run by senior point guard Laravie (team-high 15 points)
late in the first half.

Alter pulled ahead briefly several times in the third quarter, but another
period-opening scoring drought - this time, two points in the first five-plus
minutes of the fourth - did them in. It was a hot-and-cold opening night for
Alter, which was out-rebounded 21-15 by a taller Moeller squad that used
second-chance points to maintain control.

The Knights trailed by 11 points with less than three minutes remaining but
drilled four 3-pointers in the final 2:16, that trimmed the deficit to 43-41
with 31 seconds left. Galemmo then made two free throws to push the lead to four
before Laravie's 25-foot heave went down with a half-second left.

Spencer stole the ensuing inbounds pass but could only toss up an off-balance
shot from behind the backboard as time expired.

"We hit a couple of big shots there at the end," said Petrocelli, who has the
second-most wins in Ohio high school basketball history. "But you've got to make
some early. The early ones are just as important as the late ones."

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            March 14, 2012 Wednesday

Alter seeks more time to cut deal with creditor

BYLINE: by Kelsey Butler

LENGTH: 840 words


Magazine publisher Alter Communications Inc. was scheduled to go before a
Maryland judge late Wednesday, March 14, to request more time to work out a
consensual plan with unsecured creditor H.G. Roebuck & Son Inc.   Judge Nancy
Alquist of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland in Baltimore
will preside over the hearing.  According to debtor counsel Alan Grochal of
Tydings & Rosenberg LLP, Alter hopes to iron out details of a joint plan with
Roebuck after nearly two years of battling in bankruptcy court over the fate of
the company.

"This is the most hopeful I've been since this case was filed nearly two years
ago that we can actually get all the parties on the same page," Grochal said.
Alter, publisher of the 92-year-old Baltimore Jewish Times, and Roebuck have
been in negotiations since Monday to devise a plan that worked for both sides.
Before a March 9 confirmation hearing, both Alter and the creditor had each
filed reorganization plans that included investments from outside parties.
Under Alter's plan, filed Dec. 30, Baltimorean Scott Rifkin would lead a group
of investors willing to put up $600,000 to fund a reorganization plan.  The
investor group would retain 80% of the equity interests in the reorganized
company. The Buerger family, the debtor's current shareholders, would hold the
remaining 20%, and Andrew Buerger would remain publisher.  On Feb. 22 Roebuck
submitted a plan of its own that would have all of Alter's equity go to a
Roebuck-affiliated shareholder in exchange for an $800,000 investment from WJW
Group LLC, the publisher of Washington Jewish Week. Under the plan, a person
designated by WJW would serve as the JT's publisher.  According to Grochal, both
investor groups are still "interested in working out an arrangement," although
the specific plans have been shelved for now.  The two companies filed their
plans after failing to reach a joint resolution once before.  Judge James
Schneider of the Maryland court had on Sept. 28 ruled that the parties must
submit a joint plan by an Oct. 21 deadline or he would consider appointing a
Chapter 11 trustee to the case.  Schneider then extended the deadline twice,
first to Nov. 25 and then to Dec. 31 at the request of Alter.   Alter and
Roebuck failed to come to a compromise over the fate of the publishing company
and each submitted plans of their own.  Meanwhile, Alter on Monday filed an
emergency motion seeking permission to access $100,000 in postpetition financing
to fund its operating expenses. Under the proposed terms of the financing from
shareholder Ronnie Buerger, Buerger would retain a superpriority administrative
claim for the amount, court papers show.  Grochal said that both Alter and
Roebuck support the motion - the first time the two have agreed in court since
the debtor filed for bankruptcy on April 14, 2010.  Following an appeal by
Roebuck, Judge Richard D. Bennett of the Maryland court on June 3 reversed
confirmation of Alter's reorganization plan and ended the debtor's exclusive
right to file a plan, citing issues involving shareholders' purchase of stock
under the plan as well as an inability for rival plans to surface.  Schneider
had confirmed the debtor's plan on Dec. 16.  Under the confirmed plan, the
company's shareholders were allowed to purchase 85% of new shares for $34,850 as
part of Alter's newly assessed value, court papers said. A certified public
accountant assessed the value of the reorganized debtor at $41,000 at the
confirmation hearing, which would qualify the Buerger family, Alter's
shareholders, to maintain control of the company for that amount.  Court
documents said Andrew Buerger, Alter's CEO, reached out to 15 potential buyers
and received no interest. The debtor also placed eight advertisements in various
print media outlets soliciting interest in the company between Dec. 1 and Dec.
15, according to court papers.   Bennett said in court papers that the ads
didn't offer sufficient information to qualify as a fair market assessment of
the equity.  Alter was founded in 1919, when David Alter began publishing the
Baltimore Jewish Times, a newspaper that reaches 50,000 readers on a weekly
basis. The debtor also publishes Style magazine seven times per year.  Alter had
a 10-year printing contract with H.G. Roebuck that carried rates that were
significantly higher than market value once the economic downturn began. The
debtor asked the printer to adjust the pricing on its agreement and defaulted on
the contract after the creditor declined.  The printer sued Alter in February
2009 in Maryland state court for defaulting on the contract. A judge in that
case granted the printer a $326,125 judgment against Alter, and the debtor filed
for bankruptcy because it didn't have the money to pay the judgment.  In
schedules, the debtor listed $1.02 million in assets and $1.64 million in
liabilities.  Debtor counsel is also Maria Ellena Chavez-Ruark of Tydings &
Rosenberg.  William Hallam of Rosenberg Martin Greenberg LLP is counsel to
Roebuck.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                        Genes Holding SA en liquidation;

                                 Dammstrasse 19
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  30. Juni 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug

DATUM:  14. Oktober 2013
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 421611046

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 18.01.2013
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 00


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  12. Juli 2016
 AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
ZWEIGNIEDERL.: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich

MITTEILUNGSART:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  15. Juni 2016
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  24. Juni 2016
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  23. Januar 2017
FRISTART 1:  Frist gem. Art. 230 Abs2 SchKG
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Konkursamt Zug 6301 Zug
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  Einstellung ma. Aktiven
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  4. Januar 2017
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  13. Januar 2017
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Kostenvorschuss: CHF 5'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Marc Willy Häsler
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Chavannes-de-Bogis
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gsteigwiler

NAME:  Rolf Kleinstein
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Grono
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Samnaun


NAME:  Fabio Cavalli
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Muzzano
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Intragna/Centovalli


NAME:  Luigi Visani
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  San Giovanni Valdarno (Italie)
LAND:  Italien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien



GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Jeffrey Schnapp
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Cambridge (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  inaktiv
ENTWICKLUNG:  inaktiv
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften

   Beteiligung an Unternehmen jeder Art, insbesondere im Bereich des
Wohlbefindens und der Gesundheit; vollständige Zweckumschreibung gemäss
Statuten. Mit Beschluss der Generalversammlung vom 11.06.2015 wird die
Statutenbestimmung über die mit Ermächtigungsbeschluss vom 07.01.2013
beschlossene genehmigte Kapitalerhöhung gestrichen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatzzahlen werden nicht veröffentlicht.

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Bâle
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. September 1998


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 118'049.94
LIBIERUNG:  118'049.94 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  11'804'994
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Dezember 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 117'543.67
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 118'049.94

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. Juli 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 114'147.54
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 117'543.67


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  20. Juni 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 113'204.14
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 114'147.54


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Januar 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 108'850.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 113'204.14


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Oktober 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 101'250.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 108'850.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. September 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 101'250.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  22. Juni 2016
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Genes Holding SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Genes Holding SA en liquidation

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Archbishop Alter High School

                              940 East David Road
                              Kettering,  OH 45429
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (937) 434-4434
FAX: (937) 434-0507
URL: www.alterhighschool.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Archbishop Alter High School is a Catholic, comprehensive, co-educational
high school that is owned and operated by the Archdiocese of Cincinnati. We are
a community that is: founded in faith, preserved with pride and sustained by
spirit. Our outstanding faculty and staff model these principles daily in our
classrooms and our incredible students and alumni live them and share them with
everyone they meet.  Archbishop Alter High School was founded in faith in 1962
when the first students entered its doors. Alter is, first and foremost, a
Catholic high school. We take our faith, the practice of it and the promotion of
it very seriously. It is an educational imperative for us that our students not
only receive a high quality academic experience, but that they are: morally and
ethically grounded, understand and model the importance of service for others,
respect the life and dignity of others, are good stewards of the earth, and
understand, share and live their faith each and every day.  At Alter High School
we have a proud tradition of excellence; both inside and outside the classroom.
We are preserved with pride for the accomplishments of the past as well as the
present. We continue to look to the future for ways we can continue to promote
excellence in all we do at Alter High School. See for yourself that we have much
for which to be proud. You will be hard-pressed to find an academic experience
to rival that which is afforded to the students of Archbishop Alter High School.
A

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            JANUARY 20, 2004 Tuesday

SECTION: DEATH NOTICE-CLASSIFIED

LENGTH: 101 words

DATELINE: PA United States


PA United States

ALTER

JAMES MOORE, of Dunwoody Village and formerly of Havertown PA, died on Friday
Jan. 16, 2004 at the age of 100. Beloved husband of Ella Lee Alter and father of
Chilton Alter. A Masonic Service will be held on Saturday Jan. 24th, 10[#58]30
A.M. in Trinity Lutheran Church, 1141 West Chester Pike, Havertown PA 19083,
followed by a Religious Service at 11 A.M. Interment will follow. In lieu of
flowers, the family suggests that contributions be made in his memory to the
"Accessibility Fund" at Trinity Lutheran Church.CHADWICK AND McKINNEY

FUNERAL HOME OF ARDMORE

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 10, 2006 Friday

Alter goes where no other Knights have gone;
Columbus Crew stadium will give state final trip a special feel.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 408 words


Not that it ever gets old, but Alter High School's boys soccer team has been
there and done that when it comes to the state championship. This season's trip,
though, has a different feel to it. Columbus Crew Stadium can do that.

The Knights go for their fourth state title in six tries, this time at Crew
Stadium, which plays host to the Major League Soccer team and occasionally the
United State's men's and women's national teams.

On Saturday, it's Alter's turn. The Knights (17-2-1) play the Cuyahoga Falls
Walsh Jesuit Warriors (20-2) for the Division II state title at 11 a.m.

"I've seen some of the best players in the world play there," Alter senior
midfielder Dan Biga said. "I just can't imagine stepping onto that field on
Saturday. It's going to be an amazing experience."

Springfield Catholic Central won the D-III title in 2001 and Greeneview followed
last season, but no Dayton team has brought home the hardware since Alter won
D-II in 1998.

"Since we have a tradition here we have big expectations every year to get far,"
said junior forward Danny McCarthy. "I think this year we proved we're still the
team we were back in the day."

They'll definitely earn respect with a win over the Warriors, who played one of
the state's toughest schedules. Walsh hasn't had much luck though at state.

The Warriors won twice, but fell in back-to-back title games (2000-01) in their
last state finals.

"There are 21 boys on this team and we've been working together and being
united," Alter coach Bob Ellis said of the Knights' strong team chemistry. "(The
reserves) are just as happy as the boys who are playing. It's an honor to
represent Dayton in Columbus."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991 or
gbilling@DaytonDailyNews.com.

ALTER (17-2-1) vs.

CUYAHOGA FALLS WALSH JESUIT (20-2)

When: 11 a.m. Saturday

Where: Crew Stadium, Columbus

Key players: Alter F Danny McCarthy, K Matt Dorow; Walsh Jesuit F Justin
Mancine, GK Matt Weigand.

Quick slants: Walsh Jesuit enters as the top-ranked team in D-II for a reason.
The Warriors ended the season of No. 2 Cuyahoga Valley Christian Academy, No. 3
Bay Village Bay and No. 8 Canfield in the postseason. They also beat CVCA and
No. 6 Padua Franciscan in the regular season. Alter, which topped No. 4 Columbus
Bexley and No. 7 Carroll in the postseason, needs to slow down a team that's
outscored tournament opponents 34-2. This is Walsh's seventh state final (2-5).
Alter goes for the sixth time (3-2).

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    January 14, 2001 Sunday Michigan Edition

Area Briefs

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 1210 words


Job shadow day set for Feb. 2

The Berrien-Cass-Van Buren Education Advisory Group is sponsoring a job shadow
day for students.

The job shadow day is scheduled for Feb. 2, the traditional day for the
groundhog to look for his shadow.

Students are encouraged to spend a day on the job with an adult to gain insight
into career possibilities.

For more information or to sign up for a job shadow, call Buzz Calvert at (616)
471-7725 in Berrien County; Sylvia Stull at (616) 445-6224 in Cass County; and
Marilyn Mitchell at (616) 674-8001.

BERRIEN SPRINGS

Newsweek editor speaking at Andrews

 Jonathan Alter, political analyst, columnist and senior editor for Newsweek
magazine, will appear on the campus of Andrews University on Thursday.

His lecture at 10:30 a.m. will focus on the recent presidential election and is
open to the public.

Since 1991, Alter has written the widely acclaimed "Between the Lines" column,
which examines politics, media and society.

He is also an originator and author of the weekly "Conventional Wisdom Watch,"
which uses arrows pointing up, down and sideways to measure and lampoon the
news.

He appears regularly on "Today," "NBC Nightly News With Tom Brokaw" and MSNBC.

Alter joined Newsweek as an associate editor in the Nation section in March
1983, becoming media critic the following year. He was named a senior writer in
February 1987 and a senior editor in September 1991. For two year prior to
joining Newsweek, Alter was an editor of The Washington Monthly. He has also
been a free-lance writer for such publications as The New Republic, Esquire,
Slate, Rolling Stone and The New York Times.

CASSOPOLIS

Internet training classes offered

 Midwest Energy Cooperative is offering Internet training classes in Cassopolis
and Paw Paw.

The classes ACCfrom 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at the Midwest Energy Cassopolis
office and from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. Saturday at the Quality Inn in Paw Paw.

Classes are $15.

For more information, call Patti Nowlin at (616) 445-1046 or (800) 492-5989,
Ext. 1046.

DOWAGIAC

SMC re-elects Mathews as chairman

 Fred L. Mathews has been elected to his 19th consecutive two-year term as
chairman of the Southwestern Michigan College board of trustees .

Mathews has the second-longest continuous tenure as a board chairman in the
United States. James Tatum has served as chairman of the board of Crowder
College in Missouri for five months longer.

Mathews was instrumental in SMC's founding. He served as chairman of public
information on the committee to study the feasibility of a college in Cass
County during 1963-64. He also led the campaign for voter approval to establish
the college in the summer and fall of 1964.

Mathews was elected to the first SMC board of trustees in 1964, and his fellow
trustees elected him chairman of the board that same year and have re-elected
him chairman every two years since.

Mathews is a practicing optometrist in Dowagiac. He and his wife, Thelda, who is
the manager of the Sculpture Division of K&M Machine Fabricating in Cassopolis,
live in Dowagiac.

The other three board officers also re-elected were Keith McKenzie of Marcellus
as vice chairman, Jan Kairis of Edwardsburg as secretary and Foster Daugherty of
Cassopolis as treasurer.

THREE RIVERS

Winter festival Jan. 27 at Meyer Broadway

 St. Joseph County Parks and Recreation is hosting a winter festival at Meyer
Broadway Park on Jan. 27.

The free festival is from noon to 3 p.m. with tubing from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

If there's no snow, the event will be postponed until Feb. 3.

For more information, call St. Joseph County Parks at (616) 467-5519.

SOUTH BEND

Parking restrictions continuing this week

 The city is continuing its residential parking ban into this week.

Vehicles are prohibited from parking on north-south streets on odd numbered
days. On even-numbered days, vehicles cannot park on east-west streets.

"Substantial progress has been made in the first two weeks of the residential
parking ban," Mayor Stephen J. Luecke said.

Plows will be moving throughout the entire city Monday, but they will be
concentrating on the northwest quadrant of the city.

More than 500 cars had been towed in December for violation of the parking ban.
So far this month, only 100 have been towed.

Crews are continuing to patch potholes that have resulted from the severe
weather. Residents can call 235-9244 to report any large potholes that could
damage vehicles.

The Christmas tree pickup program, which has resulted in the removal of about
2,000 trees thus far, should be completed by Friday.

SOUTH BEND

MACOG encouraging input on development

 The Michiana Area Council of Governments has scheduled a pair of open houses to
encourage area residents to voice their ideas for economic development.

Residents are being asked to comment on the draft of a proposed five-year
development strategy for St. Joseph, Elkhart, Marshall and Kosciusko counties.
The document was completed recently.

Hard copies of the plan are available in area public libraries. Residents can
call MACOG at (219) 674-8894 for specific locations.

A summary of the plan also is available at MACOG's Web site at www.macog.com.

Open houses will be from 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Thursday and Jan. 24 in the MACOG
offices on the 11th floor of the County-City Building.

Comments also can be made via the MACOG Web site. or e-mailed to
macogdir@macog.com.

The deadline for submitting comments is Jan. 31. The final plan is to be
submitted to the U.S. Economic Development Administration in February.

SOUTH BEND

Nominations sought for IUSB alumni award

 Nominations are being accepted for Indiana University South Bend's
Distinguished Alumni Award.

Nominations are due March 1, and the award will be presented at the May 8
commencement.

The award is given to an outstanding IUSB alumnus or alumna who has made
significant contributions to the community or their profession. The criteria for
consideration includes personal accomplishments, professional accomplishments,
community service and post-graduation university involvement.

A person may be nominated by anyone in the community.

The award is an original metal sculpture titled "Keeping the Flame Alive" by
IUSB sculptor Tuck Langland.

For information or a nomination form, contact the Alumni Office at (219)
237-4381.

ELKHART

City taking resumes for firefighting jobs

 The city of Elkhart is taking applications starting at 8 a.m. Tuesday.
Applications may be picked up at the Municipal Building, 229 S. Second St.
Applicants must be 21 years of age and be a resident of Indiana. Paramedic or
firefighting experience is helpful, as is the knowledge of Spanish. A GED or
high school diploma is required. Valid license and pre-employment drug testing
required.

Last May the city had a pool of applicants, but a new pool is being started this
month due to the number of positions being added to the fire department this
year. A total of nine new positions are funded in the 2001 budget.

Applications will close at 5 p.m. on Feb. 20.

If you have questions regarding the application process, please call human
resources at (219) 294-5471, Ext. 332 or 311 for more information.


LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                            April 16, 2003 Wednesday

:'Sesame Street' to bring musical to El Paso

BYLINE: By Maria Cortes Gonzalez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 293 words


El Paso-area children have the chance to see some of their biggest stars up
close.

Elmo, Big Bird and the rest of the "Sesame Street" gang are coming for eight
performances, starting Thursday at the Abraham Chavez Theatre.

Christa Alter, performance director, said the high-energy Broadway-style show
will take children to different places with the help of their imaginations.

"Sami the mail carrier will deliver mail to Sesame Street from some faraway
places," she said. "And the characters will imagine what it's like in these
places."

Elmo will learn about the African jungle, Rosita will get to "visit" her
grandmother in Mexico, and Cookie Monster will do hula dancing in Hawaii, she
said.

"We've got a lot of really neat special effects and props," Alter said. The show
is 90 minutes long and has a 15-minute intermission.

The 29-year-old said the show appeals to adults because many of them remember
growing up with the same characters.

"They get to share part of their childhood with their children," she said.

Alter added that the musical show was written by the same people who write for
the TV show.

The tour, which started in August, features a cast of 17 dancers and eight
technicians.

Alter said the show never loses its appeal to the performers.

"We love to travel to all these great cities. It's a great experience for us and
we love the kids," she said.

Make plans

What: Sesame Street's "1-2-3 Imagine."

When: 7 p.m. Thursday; 2 and 7 p.m. Friday; 10:30 a.m., 2 p.m. and 5:30 p.m.
Saturday; 1 and 4:30 p.m. Sunday.

Where: Abraham Chavez Theatre.

Admission: $16, $14 and $11; $9 for opening-night performance.

Information: 544-8444.

Maria Cortes Gonzalez may be reached at mcortes elpasotimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               November 26, 2001

IT Goes on a Bargain Hunt;
This years Emerging Companies to Watch have one important thing in common:
Theyre helping ITkeep an eye on the bottom line in times of economic
uncertainty. By Steve Ulfelder

BYLINE: Steve Ulfelder

SECTION: SPECIAL - SECTION; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1688 words

Did you hear the news? It came with a shout on Sept. 11 and a quiet sigh as the
economy eroded further. Times have changed. Growth is out; efficiency is in. If
you want to prevail in the new economy, forget about that fancy e-commerce
initiative that may or may not pay off down the road. Business once again wants
IT to focus on reducing costs and doing more with fewer resources. And with the
nation at war and the economy in a true tailspin, it wants to see payback on
these investments immediately.

Staples Inc. got its payback within six months with the elimination of one
full-time IT position. The Framingham, Mass.-based office supply company
installed content management software from newcomer Trigo Technologies Inc. in
Brisbane, Calif., on StaplesLink, its business-to-business Web site.

Previously, only a skilled IT worker could populate files to the Web site.
Trigo's simpler interface means that average users "can do it themselves," says
Lisa Hamblet, vice president of business-to-business e-commerce at Staples.
"We've reduced our need for IT resources."

That experience sums up the changing demands on IT in a nutshell. Just last
year, a whole passel of the technology providers Computerworld identified as the
100 Emerging Companies to Watch were intent on helping enterprises grow. Nearly
one-third of last year's stars -- 31 out of 100 -- were either e-commerce
companies or online market exchanges. Those are broad categories, to be sure,
but the emphasis of these new vendors was clear: Our tools will help grow your
business.

In these brutal economic times, lower corporate earnings and a sudden mistrust
of the Internet's potential as a channel have changed all that. In its annual
survey on corporate IT spending, Boston-based AMR Research Inc. asked 700
companies, 42% of which have annual revenue of more than $1 billion, what drives
IT spending. "Last year, the top answers were all around revenue generation,"
says Bob Kraus, AMR's vice president of quantitative research. "This year, the
biggest answer was 'cost-cutting' and the second 'efficiencies.'"

These are precisely the promises of this year's emerging companies. Some, such
as Plumtree Software, let companies save on production costs by creating a
single corporate portal. Others, such as Naperville, Ill.-based Visual Insights,
help marketing departments better analyze the returns on their Web site
investments. While their products are closely in tune with companies' various
business functions (see stories on pages 40-48), this year's companies to watch
have a couple of things in common: They tend to focus on the expense side,
rather than on the revenue side, and they offer a quick, often dramatic return
on investment. "It's pretty clear the way to get IT spending approved now is
with a good ROI story," Kraus says.

But why not cut costs with an Oracle, a Hewlett-Packard or an IBM? After all,
it's been a rotten year for start-ups -- VentureOne Corp., a San Francisco-based
research firm, says venture investments have dropped for five straight quarters.
Companies are struggling with the decision to hitch their wagons to young,
untested companies. Though IT managers say start-ups allow them to shape the
products and demand top-flight service, the risks are undeniable; you must
perform extra due diligence simply to make sure the vendor will be alive in 12
months.

Squeeze Value From Each Technology Investment

When cost-cutting is the goal, head count is a plump target.

Nancy Alter, director of IT customer support at Horsham, Pa.-based Penn Mutual
Life Insurance Co., has reduced her help desk staff from seven to five while
increasing internal customer satisfaction. She gives much of the credit to
Courion Corp., a Framingham, Mass.-based vendor of password management and user
authentication tools.

Penn Mutual's help desk fields about 100 calls per month from employees who have
forgotten their passwords or have other password-related problems. The vast
majority of the calls come from remote users, Alter says; Penn Mutual has 500
home-office users, 300 field associates and about 1,200 roving agents.

Alter's problem was that the insurer is a Novell shop, and with Novell, it's
impossible to reset passwords without system administrator privileges.

"We would have had to give everybody [on the help desk] the keys to the kingdom"
in order to let them resolve password problems on the initial phone calls, Alter
says. The help desk staffers on their own could resolve only about 15% of the
calls. The rest of the time, they had to get some information from end users and
call in Penn Mutual's Information Protection department; only that group could
reset passwords, she says.

Last year, Penn Mutual began using Courion's Password Courier, a Web-based
application. The product is intended to function a self-service tool for end
users, but the insurer isn't using it that way (though Alter hopes to make that
move next year). Instead, the help desk staff assists users but doesn't have to
have high-level privileges. Alter says the help desk can now resolve 50% of all
password resets, freeing up highly paid security professionals for jobs that
have a greater value for the company, such as analyzing intrusion alerts.

"Both the help desk and [security staff] spend more time fixing more complex
problems," Alter says. "We can give them more enriching problems and more
training."

Users' productivity has increased as well, Alter says, because the time required
for a typical password reset has been slashed from 15 minutes to less than five.

Find Cheaper, Faster Ways to Do the Basics

Countrywide Credit Industries Inc.'s Wholesale Lending Division has used
technology from an emerging company to squeeze more value out of an unglamorous
but expensive function: training.

Until the middle of last year, the Calabasas, Calif.-based lender did all
employee training live in one of three locations. "We had to fly people in and
pay for airfare, meals and ground transportation for three to five days," says
Ron Schneider, first vice president of the division. "And of course, when you do
that, you're taking people out of the office."

Countrywide began searching for a cheaper training method and found WebEx
Communications Inc., a San Jose-based company that offers real-time multimedia
communications.

Countrywide's IT group performed tests to make sure WebEx Meeting Center, a
hosted service, wouldn't affect the performance of its network or other
applications. Once the company was convinced that it wouldn't, it made an
initial investment of about $200,000, Schneider says, and shifted almost all of
its training to the Web.

According to Schneider, the results have been eye-opening. "In [all of]

'99, we trained 892 people [in live settings]," he says. That number was limited
by expense, schedules and the reluctance of branch offices to go without
productive employees for three to five days. "Since we started using WebEx in
July 2000, we've trained 4,060 people, and none of them had to leave the
office," Schneider says.

And in light of the recent terrorist attacks, analysts predict that business for
services like WebEx will increase steadily as companies seek to reduce airline
travel.

Countrywide estimates that it saved $3.65 million from July 2000 through August
2001 on travel-related expenses such as airfare, ground transportation, hotels
and meals. Schneider says those savings take into account only hard-dollar
expenses and would be even more impressive if regained productivity was factored
in; because employees using WebEx training remain at their offices, they squeeze
some work in, even on training days.

Look for Efficiency in Every Nook of Your Company

Efficiency and savings were the goals when Charlotte, N.C.-based utility Duke
Energy Corp. observed that several of its business units were pouring resources
into their own intranets. Catherine Stancombe, Duke Energy's human resources
e-business director, says that while the individual intranets' content was fine,
the company wanted to reduce administrative and general costs. The ensuing
search led to Plumtree Software.

San Francisco-based Plumtree's Corporate Portal offered Duke Energy an efficient
way to put information on its 22,000 employees' desktops. Initiated last
December, the company portal has already made obsolete a hard-copy newsletter
that used to be mailed to each worker's home address. Duke declines to say
exactly how much money it has already saved using Plumtree but hints at a
seven-figure sum.

Put Emerging Companies Through the Paces

Buying a product or service from an emerging company is risky. "We've been
burned by e-businesses," says Stancombe. "On the other hand, we've probably been
burned less than other companies."

Duke Energy puts potential vendors -- large and small -- through a rigorous
proof-of-concept exercise, according to IT architect Chuck Burch. "We pull in
the top three [vendors vying for any contract]," he says. "They have three to
five days to get their system up and running on a small scale." Burch says
Plumtree won Duke's business "by getting up and running without a lot of custom
coding."

But in the case of young companies, the technology is often the least of your
worries. The past 20 months have made IT managers all too aware that even
vendors with great offerings can vanish overnight. "With an HP or an IBM, you
can read a lot of information and talk to a lot of existing customers," Hamblet
says. "With emerging companies, you don't have that. You have to understand
their funding, their management team -- there's a lot of additional due
diligence."

Overall, IT leaders say that while emerging companies present obvious risks,
those risks are outweighed by their assets: agility, eagerness and flexibility.

"We're not looking to work with every start-up that comes along," Hamblet says.
"Our job is to see how we can prosper. If that means using an emerging company,
we're going to do that."

Ulfelder is a freelance writer in Southboro, Mass. Contact him at
sulfelder@yahoo.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Computerworld, Inc.


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 1, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

MAYOR BACKS A CHALLENGER IN COUNCIL BID

BYLINE: By MAURICE CARROLL

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 513 words


Mayor Koch came out yesterday against the first politician on a list of City
Council members he wants to see defeated. He endorsed Noach Dear, the
27-year-old district manager of a community board, who is challenging the
incumbent, Susan B. Alter, for the Democratic nomination in the Borough
Park-Bensonhurt section of Brooklyn.

''I think I'd be the best one for the job,'' Mr. Dear said as he stood on the
City Hall steps with the Mayor.  ''I do, too,'' Mr. Koch said. ''Any
questions?'' When would he announce the next name?  ''Shortly,'' he said.
''There are not too many.'' Politicians at City Hall said that the second would
be Councilman Abraham G. Gerges, and that Councilman Leon Katz was a possible
third. Both are from Brooklyn.

''Brooklyn is expected to be a 'delivered' borough,'' Mrs. Alter said when she
arrived a few minutes later. ''It's only O.K. to be independent in Manhattan.''

However, the Mayor's people had been thinking of campaigning against three
Manhattan members they regard as unfriendly - Miriam Friedlander, Ruth W.
Messinger and Stanley E. Michels - and one from the Bronx, Gilberto
Gerena-Valentin, but they reportedly have not found opponents to their liking.

Recognition Factor Cited

Mrs. Alter said that when she was elected in 1977 as an insurgent, Borough
President Howard Golden had put Mr. Dear into the Community Board 12 manager's
job to build his recognition.

When board powers were expanded a few years ago, a manager of a board, its
full-time executive, tended to get credit for politically desirable attainments
in a community, such as street paving and augmented police patrols.

Mr. Dear said he had met Mr. Koch in his board job.  ''The first district
cabinet meeting he ever went to was mine,'' he said of the Mayor.  Mr. Koch's
intergovernmental relations director, Peter A.  Piscitelli, has in his desk in
the City Hall basement a list of Council votes that helped the Mayor divide the
local legislature into friends and enemies, including the record on a measure to
permit landlords to pass along increased fuel oil costs. Mrs. Alter opposed it.

Mr. Gerges, told of the Mayor's forthcoming opposition as he waited for a
committee session, mused a moment, then brightened and said, ''I never made the
'hit list' under Nixon, and I was very disappointed.''

He is being challenged in the Democratic primary in Greenpoint by Thomas Dunn, a
school principal.  There is a third candidate in Mrs. Alter's district, Charles
Ragusa, who is allied with Mayor Koch's opponent for the Democratic nomination,
Assemblyman Frank J. Barbaro. Mr. Katz is opposed by his district leader,
Michael Garson, in his Flatbush-East Flatbush district.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     October 24, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Dora Mae Productions Announces Alter EgoZ Improv Live

BYLINE: Hudson Valley Improv

LENGTH: 211  words


Kingston, NY,  October 24, 2015 --(PR.com)-- Hudson Valley Improv and BSP
Kingston are proud to announce the first live show of Alter AgoZ Improv, a fully
improvised live performance starring Samantha Jones, Michael Withall, Trista
Polo & Liz DeNesnera, directed by Samantha Jones.

Improv comedy has officially landed in the Hudson Valley and has found it's home
at BSP. The Alter EgoZ are gonna bring it in this improv comedy jam packed show!
Every show is completely unique and depends of the suggestions from the
audience. Alter EgoZ of the pro-team of Hudson Valley Improv, bringing
professional improv training to the Hudson Valley and NYC. Members of the team
have been seen and heard on MTV, Comedy Central, Caroline's Comedy Club, Law &
Order, Caroline's Comedy Club in NYC & much much more. Come on down to BSP for a
couple drinks and let's get funny! Alter EgoZ is Samantha Jones, Michael
Withall, Trista Polo & Liz de Nesnera.

Show information:

November 13th Doors 730pm Show 800pm

$8 online/$10 at the door

Limited Seating! Reserve to guarantee entry

323 Wall St, Kingston, NY 12401

Online Reservations: www.hudsonvalleyimprov.com

Contact Information:

Dora Mae Productions/Hudson Valley Improv/BSP

Samantha Jones

sam@therealsamanthajones.com

www.hudsonvalleyimprov.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             January 6, 2013 Sunday

Knights finally defeat Eagles;
Bazelak's 21 points help beat rivals for first time since 2010.;
ALTER 48, CHAMINADE JULIENNE 43

BYLINE: By Dave Long

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 392 words


Alter's Maddie Bazelak goes up for a two-point basket over CJ's Ta'Jah Parker
(24) and Haleigh Shaw (12). Bazelak scored 21 points in the game. CONTRIBUTED BY
CHARLES CAPERTON

KETTERING - Alter broke a two-year, five-game losing streak to Chaminade
Julienne with a 48-43 girls high school basketball win Saturday night.

The Knights are 9-2 with a five-game winning streak. They lead the North
Division of the Girls Greater Cincinnati League with a 5-0 mark. CJ is 8-4, 3-2
in the GGCL North.

Alter's last win vs. CJ was March 12, 2010 in the Dayton Division II district
title game, 36-34. CJ got Alter three times in the 2010-11 season and twice last
season.

There are a total of eight freshmen and sophomores on the Alter roster who had
not beaten CJ. One was sophomore forward Maddie Bazelak, who had 21 points and
nine rebounds Saturday.

"It feels really, really good to finally beat them," she said. "No one really
said much about us losing to them the last two years. They didn't have to. CJ is
such a big rival. We know how we stand against them."

CJ's success this season, as in past years, is due to its defense.

That was the case for most of the game Saturday. The Eagles forced Alter into
six turnovers on its first seven possessions and jumped out to a 9-0 lead .

Alter managed to get back in it and tie the score four times. On three occasions
CJ's Krista White came up with a steal and a basket to give her team the lead.
White and Ja'Cole Tabor each had 12 points for CJ. White also had eight steals.

The Eagles seemed to have dead legs and went 0-10 from the floor the final 4:10
of the game.

"We picked the wrong time to hit a dead spell," said CJ coach Mandy Myers. "We
couldn't hit a shot and they seemed to hit everything."

Junior Kara Bockrath tied it 43-all with 2:39 to go and her sophomore sister,
Emma, got what proved to be the winning basket on a driving layup at 2:05.

MaKayla Patton and Emma Bockrath hit three free throws in the final 40 seconds
to put the game out of reach.

"They turned us over on defense (20 TOs) like they always do," said Alter coach
Chris Hart. "Thankfully we were able to get after them on D late in the game and
contest some shots.

"Very good win for our younger players. They won't say much, but I think they
were pretty frustrated about not beating CJ."

Contact this contributing writer at davelong299@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                             Molecular Partners AG;

                                 Wagistrasse 14
                                 Schlieren 8952
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  9. März 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren, Grabenstrasse 11a
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren

DATUM:  25. Mai 2007
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich,Winterthurerstrasse 190
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schlieren, Grabenstrasse 11a

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0447557700
TELEFAX: 0447557707
INTERNET: www.molecularpartners.com
E-MAIL: info@molecularpartners.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406876612

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 29.11.2004
BESCHÄFTIGTE: -01


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  13. Dezember 2016
 WEITERE AKTIONÄRE: diverse; Streubesitz
SIX: Das Unternehmen ist börsenkotiert

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Christian Zahnd
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bern

NAME:  Goran Ando
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweden


NAME:  Jeffrey Buchalter
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Jupiter (FL, US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Patrik Forrer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel


NAME:  Steven H. Holtzman
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Boston (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  William A. Lee
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Los Altos
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Andreas Plückthun
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Petri Vainio
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Finnland


NAME:  Jörg Aldag
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Hamburg
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Julien Gander
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Saanen


NAME:  Hans Kaspar Binz
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Riedholz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.07.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Mark De Boer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Blaricum
LAND:  Niederlande
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland


NAME:  Francesco De Rubertis
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Kevin Johnson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lilley (HRT, UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Andreas Emmenegger
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ballwil LU, Schüpfheim

NAME:  Andreas Harstrick
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Hohenstein (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Michael Stumpp
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Geroldswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Essex Woodlands Health Ventures Fund VIII L.P.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Index Ventures VI L.P.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Universität
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Institut des öffentl. Rechts


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Molecular Partners Gruppe
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Patrik Forrer
ORT:  Dietikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

NAME:  Patrick Amstutz
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Thalwil


NAME:  Julien Gander
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Saanen

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Forschung im Bereich Repeat-Proteine. Es handelt sich um ein Spin-Off des
Biochemischen Instituts der Universtität Zürich.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
721 - Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Natur-, Ingenieur-, Agrarwi
72110 - Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Biotechnologie

   Zweck der Gesellschaft ist die Forschung, Entwicklung, Herstellung und der
Verkauf von Produkten in den Gebieten der Biotechnologie, der Pharmazie,
Medizintechnologie, Diagnose und Therapie sowie der Kauf, Verkauf und die
Verwendung von Patenten und Lizenzen auf diesem Gebiet. Die Gesellschaft kann
alle Geschäfte tätigen, die geeignet erscheinen, den Zweck der Gesellschaft zu
fördern, oder mit diesen zusammenhängen. Die Gesellschaft kann Grundstücke im
In- und Ausland erwerben, verwalten, belasten, verwerten und verkaufen sowie
andere Gesellschaften finanzieren. Die Gesellschaft kann Zweigniederlassungen
und Tochtergesellschaften im In- und Ausland errichten und sich an anderen
Unternehmen beteiligen oder mit diesen fusionieren.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 24.00
2015                  CHF 26.00
2014                  CHF 26.63
2013                  CHF 32.42

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Essex Woodlands Health Ventures Fund VIII L.P.
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Index Ventures VI L.P.
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


NAME:  Universität
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Institut des öffentl. Rechts

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00

NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Dezember 1932
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisionsstelle. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
25.08.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Die Angaben über Grundeigentum beschränken sich auf
das Domizil.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'964'045.00
LIBIERUNG:  1'964'045.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  19'640'450
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Dezember 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'930'031.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'964'045.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. November 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'499'331.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'930'031.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Dezember 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'001'021.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'499'331.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Juli 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 520'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'001'021.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Februar 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 520'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. April 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Nachlib.
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Dezember 2004
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Nachlib.
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 16, 2014 Sunday

Alter's teams advance to district;
It's first time Knights' boys, girls squads qualify in sectional.;
HIGH SCHOOL BOWLING

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 387 words


It's been a season of firsts for the Alter Knights bowling teams.

The boys (14-4) and girls (12-2) teams posted winning records this season - a
first for the boys, who also set a school record for the highest single team
game score with a 1,078 against Fenwick. And both teams also won the Greater
Dayton Catholic Schools Holiday Tournament.

With the expansion of Ohio high school bowling to two divisions this season, the
firsts continued as the Knights boys and girls advanced to the Division II
Southwest District bowling tournament with top-10 sectional finishes. In the 12
years that Alter has sported a team, only a single bowler had ever advanced to
the district tournament - senior Jessica Sawmiller, who placed 34th at state
last year.

"They have come so far in the last couple of years," third-year Alter coach
Shannon Pluhowsky said. "They have all worked hard so hard to improve their
game."

The modified house shot at the sectional tournament at Poelking Marian Lanes
gave the Alter girls some difficulty early, but the Knights were able to make
the necessary adjustments.

"Some of the girls don't understand different patterns, but they were trying to
adjust and they ended up with some of their best Baker games ever," Pluhowsky
said.

Alter finished 10th among the girls, led by Sawmiller who posted a 652 series,
good enough for third in the individual standings. Greeneview's Hannah McGrew
led all bowlers - boys and girls

- with a 738 series.

The Knights boys finished ninth, with sophomore Jack Welch leading the way with
a 608 series, to advance to their first district tournament.

Urbana had little difficulty winning the boys DII Dayton sectional team crown
with a team score of 4,539, more than 400 pins ahead of second-place
Northwestern (4,118). It was the Greenon girls who won the sectional title with
a 4,006 while Urbana was second (3,900).

The Carroll girls, who shared the GCL girls' conference title with Alter, edged
out the Knights with a ninth-place sectional finish and a district berth. The
Patriots were led by junior Christina Hauber, who was 11th in the individual
standings with a 590 series.

Division II district play gets underway Wednesday at Beaver-Vu Bowl. Poelking
Lanes South hosts Division I sectional competition Wednesday and Thursday.

Contact this contributing writer at djunie@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 8, 2008 Saturday

Regional rematch for Alter, Coldwater;
Knights and Cavaliers win easily to set up another great showdown in the D-IV
football playoffs.

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 268 words


It was only fitting that we enjoy another round of Alter-Coldwater football this
season.

Both the area Division IV football powers pretended not to look ahead and took
care of business in Friday's regional semifinals. Now they await the site of
where they'll pull a do-over of their '07 triple-OT regional final epic, to be
announced on Sunday, Nov. 9.

Alter, Coldwater roll

* There's a reason why the Knights' 42-7 wipeout of Hamilton Badin looks
familiar. Alter laid a 56-7 bomb on the Rams in Week 5 of the regular season.

* Coldwater's 35-7 defeat of Oakwood went pretty much as expected. Too many
Homans, Klenkes, Uhlenhakes and other Mercer County patriarch families for
Oakwood to contend with.

State soccer

At one corner of Dayton-Xenia Road/Linden Avenue we have Carroll, winners of the
Division II boys state title. About five miles east resides Beavercreek, state
runner-up in D-I.

To the Patriots and Beavers, we salute you for putting a bigtime stamp of area
approval on boys soccer this season.

State volleyball

Fourth verse, same as the first. That's Alter's lucky tune heading into today's
11 a.m. D-II championship match vs. Parma Padua Franciscan at the Nutter Center.

This is the fourth time the Knights have advanced to a state-title showdown
since 2002. And they're 3-0 in those titleclinching efforts.

On deck

Can't make the Wayne-Colerain, Northmont-Elder D-I football doubleheader at UC's
Nippert Stadium today? No problem; we have your online ticket.

Check out the DDN blog High School Huddle for updates and scores of those games
and more at DaytonDailyNews.com/ hshuddle.

? Preps coverage, B4-B6

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marion Local's Kaylee Schaefer (left) launches the ball over her head
to Newark Catholic during a Division IV state semifinal match at the Nutter
Center on Friday, Nov. 7. Staff photo by Teesha McClam

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           September 8, 2011 Thursday

Alter in first class of Sailing Hall of Fame

BYLINE: By MARK GARCIA, staff writer

SECTION: DANAPOINT; Pg. Sports

LENGTH: 326 words


The National Sailing Center and Hall of Fame announced Laguna Beach's Hobie
Alter as one of 15 inductees to the inaugural class of the National Sailing Hall
of Fame recently.

"After years of planning, we are so pleased that the heroes of our sport are
getting their long-overdue recognition," said Dick Franyo, president of the
National Sailing Hall of Fame, in a press release.

"The National Sailing Center and Hall of Fame will be a place to honor these
heroes and provide inspiration for all sailors - young and old."

The inductees are U.S. citizens 45 and older who have made a significant impact
on the growth and development of the sport in the United States, in categories
of Sailing, Technical and Contributor. Nominations of non-citizens were also
considered if they influenced the sport, and posthumous nominations were also
accepted.

Alter - who is also an inductee to the Huntington Beach Walk of Fame - is one of
five inductees from California. The others include four-time America's Cup
winning skipper Dennis Conner (San Diego); 1968 Star Olympic Gold Medalist and
founder of North Sails Lowell North (San Diego); 1998 Whitbread Round the World
Race winning skipper Paul Cayard (Kentfield) and singlehanded circumnavigator
and noted writer Joshua Slocum (San Francisco).

This first group of inductees will be honored Oct. 23 during an invitation-only
ceremony at the San Diego Yacht Club.

Alter is widely remembered as the man behind the development of the
foam-and-fiberglass surfboard. His label, Hobie, remains one of the top-selling
surfboard brands of all time.

He is also the creator of the Hobie Cat, the Hobie 33 ultralight-displacement
sailboat and one of the finest mass-produced radio-controlled gliders, the Hobie
Hawk.

Alter opened up Southern California's first surf shop in Dana Point in the
1950s. Then in 1958, he and his buddy Gordon "Grubby" Clark (as in Clark Foam)
began experiments making surfboards out of foam and fiberglass.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 July 30, 2007

U.S. District Court finds employee not liable for copying client computer files

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 455  words


A law firm employee isn't liable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act for
copying client information to a CD and e-mailing client information to his new
employer prior to leaving the firm, a U.S. District Court in Pennsylvania has
ruled.

A law firm employee who performed tax, accounting and financial services
interviewed with a new employer. Using a firm computer and information, he
created a list of various clients that he serviced, including the fees paid and
clients' telephone numbers, which he showed to his prospective employer. When he
got the new job, he also made copies of certain information in his files, copied
it to a CD and e-mailed documents to his new employer.

After the employee left the firm, it sued him and his new employer for various
state law violations, as well as for violating the federal Computer Fraud and
Abuse Act by accessing the firm's computer system to transfer files to the new
employer.

Under the Act, "[w]hoever knowing[ly] and with intent to defraud, accesses a
protected computer without authorization, or exceeds authorized access, and by
means of such conduct furthers intended fraud and obtains anything of value
shall be punished as provided. " (18 U.S.C. Sect. 1030(a)(4).)

The law firm argued that the employee's use of the information - albeit
appropriately obtained - was improper.

But the court dismissed the claims against the employee.

"The [Act] defines 'exceeds authorized access' as accessing 'a computer with
authorization' and using 'such access to obtain or alter information in the
computer that the accesser is not entitled so to obtain or alter. ' By its plain
terms, this definition does not apply to [the employee's] conduct. He did not
obtain any information that he was not entitled to obtain or alter any
information that he was not entitled to alter. As [the firm's founder] testified
as his deposition, [the employee] was allowed full access to information
contained in [the firm's] computer system until his departure.

"[Section (a)(4) targets] the unauthorized procurement or alteration of
information, not its misuse or misappropriation. Because there is no allegation
that [the employee] lacked authority to view any information in the [firm's]
computer system, the CFAA claim fails. The lawfulness of his entry defeats the
CFAA claim," the court said.

It noted a split of authority on the issue, noting similar rulings from U.S.
District Courts in Florida, Maryland and Virginia, as well as contrary holdings
from the 1st Circuit and U.S. District Courts in Arkansas, Illinois,
Pennsylvania and Tennessee.

Brett Senior & Associates v. Fitzgerald (Lawyers USA No. 9936246) U.S. District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania No. 06-1412. July 13, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 26, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Farrow's nanny quits amid orders to testify

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 201 words


Mia Farrow's nanny quit her $ 40,000-a-year job because ''I knew I was not going
to testify for Miss Farrow,'' Monica Thompson said in a statement issued Monday
by Woody Allen's spokeswoman, Leslee Dart.

Farrow, 47, is battling with Allen, 57, over custody of their biological son,
Satchel, 5, and two adopted children, Dylan, 7, and Moses, 14. Farrow alleges
that Allen sexually abused Dylan and Connecticut authorities are investigating.

''Mr. Allen was always the better parent,'' Thompson continued in her statement,
''and the things Miss Farrow are now saying about him are not true. Dylan always
loved him dearly and misses him, and still loves him.''

Farrow lawyer Eleanor Alter said she served the subpoena on Thompson Jan. 19.
Alter said it was not to testify for Farrow, but ''to tell about one particular
incident she had volunteered to someone else.''

Alter said Thompson was paid by Allen and that Farrow suspected she spied for
him. ''Miss Farrow's relieved that she's no longer in the household,'' Alter
said.

Allen expressed sadness Monday that Thompson ''who's put in seven devoted years
... winds up with a subpoena, a few weeks severance pay, and in search of a
job.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Ben Moran, AP

CUTLINE: A SUNDAY STROLL: Woody Allen walks in Manhattan with his love, Soon- Yi
Previn. Previn was adopted as a girl by Allen's ex-lover Mia Farrow.

TYPE: People

BEHIND THE SCENES WITH THE FAMOUS AND THE FASCINATING

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                           September 26, 2011 Monday

Alter, H.G. Roebuck must submit joint plan

BYLINE: by Kelsey Butler

LENGTH: 863 words


A Maryland judge has ruled that Alter Communications Inc. and its largest
unsecured creditor must work together to devise a reorganization plan or be
faced either with the appointment of a trustee or an imposed settlement.  After
three days of hearings, Judge James F. Schneider of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court
for the District of Maryland in Baltimore on Sept. 22 ruled that competing plans
filed by the publisher and unsecured creditor H.G. Roebuck & Son Inc. were not
feasible. The two parties have 30 days to submit a joint proposal that works out
their differences, Linda Yurche, the debtor's general manager, said.  Yurche
said the parties would be communicating in the coming weeks to try to reach a
solution and that Alter is "absolutely willing to figure out a way" to continue
producing its various publications.   Debtor counsel Maria Ellena Chavez-Ruark
of Tydings & Rosenberg LLP struck the same note.  "We are working diligently
with Roebuck to explore settlement options, and we are hopeful that we can reach
a settlement that will end all litigation between the parties," she said.  Alter
filed for Chapter 11 on April 14, 2010, due to cash flow issues stemming from
ongoing litigation with H.G. Roebuck, its former printer.  According to William
Hallam of Rosenberg Martin Greenberg LLP, counsel to H.G. Roebuck, for a plan to
be deemed feasible, it would have to provide for payment of a specific dollar
amount to the unsecured class, of which Roebuck's claim accounts for about 90%,
rather than a percentage of future profits as the debtor's plans have proposed.

The plan would also have to waive "in whole or in part" the claims of Alter
principals Andrew and Ronnie Buerger.  If the parties cannot agree, Schneider
said, he would appoint a Chapter 11 trustee or impose a settlement between the
two parties, according to Yurche.  Alter and H.G. Roebuck have been warring over
competing plans for the past several months.   Judge Richard D. Bennett of the
Baltimore bankruptcy court on June 3 reversed confirmation of Alter's
reorganization plan and ended the debtor's exclusive right to file a plan,
citing issues involving shareholders' purchase of stock under the plan as well
as an inability for rival plans to surface.  Schneider had confirmed the
debtor's plan on Dec. 16.  Under the confirmed plan, the company's shareholders
were allowed to purchase 85% of new shares for $34,850, as part of Alter's newly
assessed value, court papers said. A certified public accountant assessed the
value of the reorganized debtor at $41,000 at the confirmation hearing, which
would qualify the Buerger family, Alter's shareholders, to maintain control of
the company for that amount.  Court documents said Andrew Buerger, Alter's CEO,
reached out to 15 potential buyers and received no interest. The debtor also
placed eight advertisements in various print media outlets soliciting interest
in the company between Dec. 1 and Dec. 15, according to court papers.   Bennett
said in court papers that the ads didn't offer sufficient information to qualify
as a fair market assessment of the equity.  According to court documents, all
plans affording old equity the exclusive opportunity to purchase new equity in
the reorganized company were not "doomed," but would have to be subjected to
market valuation.  The debtor filed a new reorganization plan on Aug. 10, which
upped payments to convenience creditors, owed about $2,500, from 50% to 75%.
Under the latest plan, the Buergers would keep all reorganized stock in the
debtor. Through the previous plan, the remaining 15% of shares would have gone
to unsecured creditors.  H.G. Roebuck's plan, also filed Aug. 10, proposed
converting its $1.77 million claim into stock in the reorganized debtor. The
Buergers and H.G. Roebuck would share ownership of the reorganized company, and
other creditors would be paid in full.  Alter was founded in 1919, when David
Alter began publishing the Baltimore Jewish Times, a newspaper that reaches
50,000 readers on a weekly basis. The debtor also publishes Style and Chesapeake
Life magazines.   In addition, Alter in 2002 started Alter Custom Media, a
publishing division that provides publication, production, editing, Web design
and other services.  According to Yurche, all the debtor's publications have
been publishing regularly and have remained unaffected by the bankruptcy.  Alter
had a 10-year printing contract with H.G. Roebuck that carried rates that were
significantly higher than market value once the economic downturn began. The
debtor asked the printer to adjust the pricing on its agreement and defaulted on
the contract after the creditor declined.  The printer sued Alter in February
2009 in Maryland state court for defaulting on the contract. A judge in that
case granted the printer a $326,125 judgment against Alter, and the debtor filed
for bankruptcy because it did not have the money to pay the judgment.  In
schedules, the debtor listed $1.02 million in assets and $1.64 million in
liabilities.  Alan M. Grochal of Tydings & Rosenbergis debtor counsel with
Chavez-Ruark.   Kevin J. Pascale of Rosenberg Martin Greenberg also represents
H.G. Roebuck.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday

Alter players help South beat North

BYLINE: DAVE LAMB HERE AND THERE

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-6

LENGTH: 621 words


Three key players who helped Alter's football team post an undefeated regular
season last fall had one last crack at the high school level.

Offensive lineman Evan Johnson, running back Corey Roark and defensive back
Brian Dougherty helped the South squad defeat the North, 20-12, in the 25th
annual Miami Valley Football Coaches Association Pigskin Classic at Welcome
Stadium

The trio boosted Alter to a 10-0 regular season under head coach Ed Domsitz. The
Knights fell in the second round of the playoffs in a triple-overtime game with
eventual state champion Coldwater.

Johnson, a team captain as a senior, was offensive lineman of the year in the
Greater Catholic League last fall. The offensive tackle earned first-team
All-Ohio honors in Division III.

"Evan was the catalyst of our offensive line," Domsitz said. "And he's a good
leader.

Johnson, who carried a 3.8 GPA in advanced placement classes, is headed to the
Ivy League to play at Brown University. He's interested in mechanical
engineering or finance.

The versatile Roark played fullback as a junior when older brother Chris was
running the ball. When Chris moved on to Ohio State, where's he has opened some
eyes as a walk-on player, Corey picked up a heavier load at Alter.

Roark was the running back of the year in the GCL North.

"He's an all-around good athlete," Domsitz said. "He has surprising speed."

Dougherty earned All-GCL honors after leading the league in interceptions.

"He turned into a heckuva defensive back," Domsitz said. "He's a tough hitter,
covers well and reacts well."

Keighley on to Toledo

Hank Keighley, the headliner for Alter's defense last fall, didn't play in
all-star games this spring because his attention has already turned to the
University of Toledo.

The GCL defensive player of the year earned a scholarship to play for the
Rockets.

"Hank has a presence on the field that tends to lift the level of play by his
teammates," Domsitz said. "His attitude is amazing and he's got a great work
ethic.

"He's got good speed, good size and good strength. He'll get to the quarterback.
Hank is awfully tough to block. He's one of the quickest linemen we've had,"
Domsitz said.

'Boro pushes Firebirds

Coaches often wonder where their athletes find that final boost to push them to
the next level.

Kettering Fairmont High School track coach Pat Miller thinks a few of his state
qualifiers found their boost from an unlikely source - league rival Springboro.

Fairmont's 3,200-meter relay team was coming off two straight years of placing
fifth at the regional championships - one spot from qualifying for the state
meet.

This year the foursome of senior Jackie Grimme, junior Andrea Kelsey, junior
Brittany Mefford and freshman Maria Meredith continually battled Springboro.

Losing to the Panthers at the league and district meets may have been just the
fuel the Firebirds needed.

The teams tangled again at the regional meet and both qualified for the state
championships. Cincinnati St. Ursula won the regional race, followed by
Springboro, Fairmont and Chaminade-Julienne.

In the process, the Firebird foursome set the school record of 9 minutes, 26
seconds.

Grimme had a similar experience in the open 800. At the regional meet, she was
battling with Springboro's Katie Kessler for fifth or sixth place.

Trying to keep up with Kessler, Grimme made a huge surge in the final 10 to 15
meters and vaulted all the way to fourth place to qualify for state.

"What was really neat was that Kessler was excited for Jackie," Miller said.
"That was Springboro helping us again. They're a good neighbor."

Joining the other Firebirds at the state meet was high jumper Sarah Vonderbrink
for the second straight year.

Contact this columnist at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alther High School's Hank Keighley celebrates a tackle in the backfield
in 2007. Keighley, who was this season's GCL North Defensive Player of the Year,
is headed to the University of Toledo program in the fall. Dayton Daily News
file photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                             FIS (Switzerland) SA;

                           route de l'Aéroport 29-31
                                 Cointrin 1216
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  14. April 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Le Grand-Saconnex
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Cointrin

DATUM:  25. September 1995
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  avenue des Morgines 12
NEUES DOMIZIL:  route de l'Aéroport 29-31

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0229298300
TELEFAX: 0229288383
INTERNET: www.sungard.com
E-MAIL: dbardini@sungard.ch

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406325967

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 20.07.1994
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 60


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  25. November 2016

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf infolge Fusion
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  16. Juli 2012
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  fosc 138 / 2012
FRISTART 1:  3 mois
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Production à: SunGard (Switzerland) SA, route
de l'Aéroport 29-31, 1218 Le Grand-Saconnex
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  18. Juli 2012
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc 136/2012
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Remarque: Les créanciers des sociétés qui
fusionnent peuvent demander, conformément à l'art. 25 Lfus, à la société
reprenante (dans le délai de trois mois à compter de la date à la

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Vitus Rotzer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Jussy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  GampelBratsch

NAME:  Ann Vasileff
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Jacksonville Beach, USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Michael Peter Oates
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Jacksonville, USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Marc Philippe Angst
ORT:  Villars-sous-Yens
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Frauenfeld TG
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.01.1995 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 25.06.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Jean-Marc BOUVIER
ORT:  Bussigny-près-Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lenk
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.07.1994 *50Gem. HR-Publikation vom
28.10.1994 *58


NAME:  Pierre DE CHARMANT
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.10.1994 *50Gem. HR-Publikation vom
27.01.1995 *58


NAME:  Christophe de Kalbermatten
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Sion VS
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 25.06.2003 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 11.01.2006 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  John William FENTON
ORT:  Burnsville
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.02.1995 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 08.08.1996 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  John Michael Smith
ORT:  Denens
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.02.1995 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 11.01.2006 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Jason Lydell Couturier
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Ponte Vedra Beach, USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Kurt Eggenberger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Grabs


NAME:  Eric George Erickson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Berwyn (PA,US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Jürg Hunziker
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Russikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Oberkulm


NAME:  Henry Miller
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Malvern (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Richard James Obetz
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Grennewich CT
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Michael J. Ruane
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Mount Laurel (New Jersey)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Victoria E. Silbey
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Malvern
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Harold Finders
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Vich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Vich
BEMERKUNGEN:  auparavant vice-président


NAME:  Dean Barry Gluyas
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Gingins
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 12.10.2006



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Hamza Benamar
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Vufflens-le-Château
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Fabian Camenzind
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Winterthur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Winterthur, Gersau
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.09.09
ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Christian Dorkel
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Nyon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.08.1996 Er/Sie fungierte als
Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.02.1997 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Markus Gujer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Seuzach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fehraltorf
BEMERKUNGEN:  Unterschrift beschränkt auf Zweigniederlassung(en) Wintertur


NAME:  Nicholas HACKING
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Thonon-les-Bains
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.02.1995 Er/Sie fungierte als
Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.02.1997 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Souheil Haddad
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Bevaix
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.02.2007


NAME:  David J. Hamilton
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Perroy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Australien


NAME:  Andreas Hug
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Winterthur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Winterthur, Bronschhofen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Unterschrift beschränkt auf Zweigniederlassung(en) Winterthur,
Zürich


NAME:  André Kreis
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Othmarsingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  ZihlschlachtSitterdorf, Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.08.1996 Er/Sie fungierte als
Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.02.1997 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Andreas Lange
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Affeltrangen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Russikon
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.02.1995 Er/Sie fungierte als
Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.08.1996 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Albin Meyer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Winterthur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dübendorf, Bibern SH
BEMERKUNGEN:  Unterschrift beschränkt auf Zweigniederlassung(en) Winterthur


NAME:  Vitus Rotzer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Jussy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  GampelBratsch


NAME:  Hilario Soler
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Kloten
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  St. Gallen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.02.1995 Er/Sie fungierte als
Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.11.1995 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Caroline Timmins
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Londres
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
24.10.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Daniele Bardini
STELLUNG:  Generaldirektor
ORT:  Bogis-Bossey
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  ChavannesdesBois


NAME:  François Dehaene
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Egg b. Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Unterschrift beschränkt auf Hauptsitz.


NAME:  Markus Gujer
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Seuzach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fehraltorf


NAME:  Werner Kriech
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Edlibach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schmerikon SG
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 30.06.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. Unterschrift beschränkt
auf Hauptsitz.


NAME:  Nikolaus Künzli
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Erlenbach ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  AmlikonBissegg
BEMERKUNGEN:  Unterschrift beschränkt auf Zweigniederlassung(en) Zürich


NAME:  Patrick Vernex-Loset
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Fillinges
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Enzo Giannini
STELLUNG:  Vizedirektor
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Quinto TI


NAME:  Ing. Bruno Matter
STELLUNG:  Vizedirektor
ORT:  Ronco sopra Ascona
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Koelliken
BEMERKUNGEN:  Unterschrift beschränkt auf Zweigniederlassung(en) Ronco sopra
Ascona


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  SunGard Europe Holding
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Luxembourg
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Jean-Christophe Boillon
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Saint-Julien
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Rickenbach SO
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.07.2001 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.04.2002 ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.

NAME:  Michel COULOMB
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Anthy-sur-Léman
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.11.1995 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.07.2001 ist er/sie
ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift


NAME:  Jean-Pierre DUCASSE
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Annemasse
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.08.1997 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.07.2001 ist er/sie
ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift


NAME:  Demetrio MAFRICA
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Plan-les-Ouates
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.08.1996 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. (sous-directeur)Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.08.1997 *58


NAME:  Manuel Navarro
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Veigy-Foncenex
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.07.2001 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.04.2002 ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  John SCHROEDER
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wellenstein
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 05.08.1997 Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied
der Geschäftsleitung. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.07.2001 ist er/sie
ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  SunGard Group
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

ZWEIGNIEDERL.:
NAME:  FIS (Switzerland) SA, Zweigniederlassung Zürich
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Juni 2008

NAME:  FIS (Switzerland) SA, Zweigniederlassung Winterthur
ORT:  Winterthur
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Juni 2008
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Schuldenruf infolge Fusion
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  17. Juni 2008
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  3. Publikation


NAME:  FIS (Switzerland) SA, succursale di Ronco sopra Ascona
ORT:  Ronco sopra Ascona
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  20. Juni 2008


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Hubert Couteau
ORT:  Annecy-le-Vieux, F
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

NAME:  Manuel Gonzalez
ORT:  Veyrier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève


NAME:  Markus Gujer
ORT:  Seuzach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fehraltorf


NAME:  David Jefferies
ORT:  Twickenham, GB
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Guy Levy
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meilen


NAME:  Christopher Michael Pollatschek
ORT:  Collex-Bossy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Sara Eleanor Sepehr
ORT:  Sauverny, F.
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  GrandeBretagne


NAME:  Franziska Buff
ORT:  Founex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Speicher


NAME:  Kurt Eggenberger
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Grabs
BEMERKUNGEN:  Unterschrift beschränkt auf Zweigniederlassung(en) Zürich,
Winterthur


NAME:  Davide Gostoli
ORT:  Vernier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève


NAME:  Igor Salzgeber
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Raron


NAME:  Igor Salzgeber
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Raron

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Positive Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
62010 - Programmierungstätigkeiten
N - ERBRINGUNG VON SONSTIGEN WIRTSCHAFTLICHEN DIENSTLEISTUNGEN

   Développer, acheter, vendre, distribuer, installer et entretenir des
logiciels, en particulier pour les domaines bancaires et des services financiers
ainsi que toutes affaires qui y sont liées; effectuer toutes prestations dans le
domaine informatique, notamment la vente, la distribution et la maintenance de
matériel informatique; développement, distribution et maintenance de services de
transfert de données et d'autres services d'informatique de réseau similaires et
toutes affaires qui y sont liées; prestation de services de développement,
support, hébergement, conseil et de formation en lien avec des services de
logiciels, informatiques et d'externalisation de toutes sortes; acquisition de
biens ou d'entreprises de sociétés liées ou de tiers en lien avec ce qui précède
(cf. statuts pour but complet).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2017                   CHF 9.70

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  SunGard Europe Holding
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Luxembourg
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  SSL
ORT:  Luxembourg

NAME:  FIS Business Integration AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Februar 1991
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00


NAME:  Sungard AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juli 1988
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gemäss Selbstangaben wird sie mit der Sungard AGfusionieren. Eine
HR.Publikation bleibt abzuwarten.

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. Mai 1992

NAME:  Fiduciaire Jean Burgy S.A.
ORT:  Carouge GE
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Juni 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.07.1994 Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor.
Gem. HRPublikation vom 27.01.1995 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Genève



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 700'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  SFr. 700'000.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  700
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Januar 1995
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 700'000.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  20. Juni 2013
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 2.66 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 1.62 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 1.04 Mio.

FUSIONDATUM:  4. Juli 2012
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 350'945.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 940'103.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF -589'158.00
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  selon contrat de fusion du 22.06.2012 et bilan au
31.12.2011. Conformément à l'attestation d'un réviseur particulièrement
qualifié, la société reprenante dispose de


FUSIONDATUM:  28. September 2009
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 2.01 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 1.00 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 1.00 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  Keine Kapitalerhöhung, die übernehmende Gesellschaft ist
Eigentümerin sämtl. Aktien der übernommenen Gesellschaft. selon contrat de
fusion du 09.09.2009 et bilan au 31.03.2009


FUSIONDATUM:  4. Juli 2008
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 11.64 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 9.57 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 2.07 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  Keine Kapitalerhöhung, die übernehmende Gesellschaft ist
Eigentümerin sämtl. Aktien der übernommenen Gesellschaft. Selon contrat de
fusion du 17.06.2008 et bilan au 31.12.2007


FUSIONDATUM:  4. Juli 2008
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 12.67 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 4.22 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 8.44 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  Keine Kapitalerhöhung, die übernehmende Gesellschaft ist
Eigentümerin sämtl. Aktien der übernommenen Gesellschaft. Selon contrat de
fusion du 17.06.2008 et bilan au 31.12.2007


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  6. Juni 2016
ALTES DOMIZIL:  SunGard (Switzerland) SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  FIS (Switzerland) SA

DATUM:  4. Juli 2008
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Sungard Investment Systems S.A
NEUES DOMIZIL:  SunGard (Switzerland) SA


DATUM:  24. Februar 1997
ALTES DOMIZIL:  IPB S.A.
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Sungard Investment Systems S.A


DATUM:  8. August 1996
ALTES DOMIZIL:  NCS-IPB S.A.
NEUES DOMIZIL:  IPB S.A.


DATUM:  27. Januar 1995
ALTES DOMIZIL:  IPB S.A.
NEUES DOMIZIL:  NCS-IPB S.A.

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 10, 2008 Monday

Clutch foul shooting guides Graham Falcons convert 19-of-20 free throws in the
fourth quarter and OT to oust Alter

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 446 words


FAIRBORN - The Graham High School boys basketball team has a look, just not an
imposing one.

"We go play in the Wayne summer league with Dunbar and Wayne and all those
teams, we walk in and they look over at us like, 'Are these guys really here to
play us?' " Austin Jones said. "They never say anything, but it's the looks that
we can tell. After a couple minutes, it's like, 'These guys can kind of play and
we have to pick it up.' "

On Sunday, March 9, at the Nutter Center, the Falcons had the look of Division
II regional champions. Graham overcame Alter 69-61 in overtime in a wildly
entertaining game in front of 3,502.

Unbeaten Graham (26-0) plays Toledo Libbey (23-2) at 10:45 a.m. Thursday, March
13, in one state semifinal at Columbus' Schottenstein Center.

"Being the first team from Graham to make it this far," Ethan Ward said, "It
feels awesome."

In the fourth quarter and overtime, Graham made 19-of-20 free throws while Alter
(17-8) mostly went cold.

"They played well," said Alter coach Joe Petrocelli of the Falcons. "They made
free throws down the stretch and that's what you've got to do to win."

Alter had an early 13-4 lead and led 34-31 at halftime despite shooting a
white-hot 62 percent from the field. Up 43-38, Alter's Jamarre White missed a
breakaway layup and Graham's Josh Schuler drained a 3-pointer.

Schuler, who led Graham with 19 points, hit another 3-pointer with 6:17 left to
give the Falcons their first lead at 48-47. That's when Graham started drilling
free throws - 9-of-10 in the fourth quarter.

White scored 20 and Ryan Siggins scored 19 for Alter, which used a Siggins
3-pointer to tie it at 57 with 2:41 left. Graham stalled for the last shot, but
lost the ball with five seconds left. Alter missed a long attempt at the
regulation horn.

Graham's Casey Crable scored all four of his points in OT. Then Ward (17
points), Schuler and Jones (18) all hit free throws to ice it. Alter could only
muster buckets from Siggins and White sandwiched around Siggins' missed bonus
free throw.

Graham shot 47.5 percent from the field, hit 9-of-19 from the arc and 22-of-26
free throws. And all those numbers look like they belong to a 26-0 team.

"We just go out there and play how we play, do the same thing night in and night
out," Schuler said. "That's usually what gets us wins - is how hard we play and
how smart."

Graham is believed to be the first Central Buckeye Conference boys hoops team to
make the Final Four since Greenon in 1986.

"We'll take our shot," Graham coach Brook Cupps said. "We were supposed to lose
to (Cincinnati) Taft. We were supposed to lose to Canal (Winchester). We were
supposed to lose to Alter. We'll throw our hat in the ring."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graham's Ben Rosenberger holds up the net after the Falcons' 69-61
overtime win in the Division II regional championship game on Sunday, March 9,
over Alter at the Nutter Center. Rosenberger had six points for the Falcons in
the win. Staff photo by Marshall Gorby

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday

Surprisingly strong season helps cement Alter's;
Girls basketball program earning reputation of success

BYLINE: By Dave Long dlong@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-16

LENGTH: 825 words


KETTERING - A tradition of basketball success no longer is the sole possession
of the boys at Alter High School.

"With what we did this year, I think we are now are part of the tradition of
basketball excellence at Alter," girls coach Chris Hart said. "I think we've
established ourselves as a program that will contend for league and district
championships on a yearly basis and get mentioned in the ratings."

The Alter girls went 18-6 this season. They tied Cincinnati Roger Bacon High
School for the Gray Division title in the Girls Greater Catholic League, won
their second straight Division II district championship and finished No. 1 in
the Dayton Daily News Division II ratings.

All that came after graduating five of the top six players from a team that went
19-5 in the 2003-04 season.

"To say we surprised everyone in our league and the area would be an
understatement," Hart said. "No one outside of our program expected us to have
this kind of a year. Going into the season we (the coaching staff) thought this
would be a good team, but we never envisioned this kind of a year.

"These girls far exceeded our expectations."

Hart and associate head coach Kendal Peck now have teams that have gone 18-6,
19-5, 19-4, 22-4 and 14-9 in the past five years.

The past four years, Alter teams have either won or tied for the championship in
the Gray Division.

Those teams have also finished the season in the top 15 in the Associated Press
Division II state rankings.

Alter has had teams in the Division II district championship games five of the
last six years.

It lost in the regional semifinals the past two years and made it to the state
semifinals in 2002, losing to Columbus Mifflin High School.

"If you take a look at where we draw the majority of our students from -
Fairmont, Centerville, Bellbrook, Miamisburg (school districts) - they all had
great years, too," Hart said.

"We (all the south suburban high school basketball coaches) owe a lot to the
grade school, middle school and AAU coaches who have done a great job with kids
in their programs. When they get to us as freshmen, they're fundamentally sound
and have an idea what it takes to win."

This year's Alter team was a combination of seniors who have experienced success
in the past and talented young players who were members of successful reserve
(17 wins) and freshman (15 wins) teams last year.

"Our seniors were the key because they made a commitment to be good leaders,"
Hart said. "I know you hear every coach talk about senior leadership, but it's
true. Most of the younger players follow what the seniors do. If they don't have
a great work ethic, a winning attitude and good chemistry, it can be a long
season."

Christina Santos, who averaged 3.1 points per game, Kristen Stichwech (4.3) and
Danielle Graham (6.0) were the returning seniors with the most playing time.

"They set the tone during summer leagues and our team camp," Hart said. "Chris
Santos did an especially good job running the offense. She didn't have the kind
of offensive year she wanted, but did a great job as the point guard and on
defense."

Much of Alter's success came from a defense that allowed 43 points a game and
allowed opponents to hit only 37 percent of their shots.

"You have to play good, physical defense to compete in our league," Hart said.
"Our kids got after it on defense from the first day of practice. We struggled
some on offense early until some of the younger kids came along. The last half
of the season we were a pretty good all-around team."

Louise VandenBosch, a 5-10 sophomore, was the leading scorer at 10.1, followed
by 6-foot junior Caitlyn Mauch at 9.8 and 5-8 junior Autumn Heflin at 6.5.

The top players off the bench were 5-8 freshman Courtney Chihil, 5-9 junior
Jennifer Van Oss and 5-5 senior Krista Dorsten.

"I'm optimistic about the next few years," Hart said. "We have a solid inside
game coming back next year. We have to find guards. But our reserve team won 14
games, our freshmen 13 and the seventh- and eighth-grade teams at our feeder
schools all had good records." Contact Dave Long at 225-2251. ALTER 2004-05
HIGHLIGHTS

* Tied with Cincinnati Roger Bacon High School for Gray Division championship in
Girls Greater Catholic League, fourth straight year team has won or tied for
league title.

* Won third district title in last four years including second straight, team
has made district final six of last seven years.

* Finished No. 1 in 'Dayton Daily News' Division II ratings.

* Finished No. 13 in final state Associated Press D-II ratings, fifth straight
year team has been in top 15 in state.

* Sophomore Louise VandenBosch: firstteam on 'DDN' Division II All-Area team,
first-team All-GGCL and second-team Associated Press Division II All-Southwest
District team; junior Caitlyn Mauch: first-team All-GGCL and second-team 'DDN'
All-Area team; senior Christina Santos: second-team All-GGCL; and seniors
Danielle Graham and Kristen Stichwech: All-GGCL honorable mention.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RON ALVEY/DAYTON DAILY NEWS COURTNEY CHIHIL (right) of Alter High
School puts up a shot as she's guarded by Ayrizanna Favours of Columbus Eastmoor
Academy, while Louise VandenBosch of Alter and Ashlee Graves jostle for rebound
position. The two teams played in a Division II regional semifinal game at
Vandalia Butler High School.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

Week 10 Alter-CJ game at new site

BYLINE: Marc Pendleton Preps Insider

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 457 words


The Week 10 football showdown between Alter and Chaminade Julienne that could
decide the GCL North title will be at a new location: Trotwood-Madison.

Neither Alter nor CJ has a home football field. This great regular-season ending
game usually is at Centerville, Fairmont, Northmont, Springboro or even West
Carrollton Junior High.

Trotwood became desirable after installation of artificial turf to its stadium
last summer. That's home to the headline unfriendly "Good Samaritan Field at
Trot-wood-Madison SportsPlex."

Now, more notable are Greater Western Ohio Conference schools that don't have
artificial-turf stadiums: Xenia, Fairborn, Spring-field, Troy, Miamisburg.
Neither do Greenville or West Carrollton. They both join the GWOC in football
next season.

Trotwood is at Vandalia Butler in Week 10, which may well determine the GWOC
North title, also.

Name that fan

Longtime CJ football bus driver James Mabry is better known as "California." But
there's another name that might be more fitting.

"They should call me Cincinnati, because we go there so much," said Mabry during
CJ's 40-23 defeat of previously unbeaten Fen-wick last week.

"California" has seen CJ go through "three AD's and four head football coaches,"
he said.

More importantly, what's the California reference mean?

"I don't know," he said. "I'm from Georgia."

Blazing a trail

National Trail snapped a 25-year state drought when its girls golf team
qualified for this week's Division II state championships at Ohio State
University.

The last time the Blazers sent a girls team to state was their 1986 softball
team.

Trail placed third in the D-II district at Pipestone Golf Course last week
behind winner CJ and runner-up Alter. Its top five of Sarah Drew, Darrianne
Dunham, Brittany Caskey, Makayla Abner and Heather Belcher have played together
for three straight seasons.

"The girls are good students academically and athletically," Blazers coach Rod
Dunham said.

"They have been a pleasure to coach. We are looking forward to (this) week."

The D-II girls and D-III boys state tourneys are at OSU's Scarlet Course on
Friday and Saturday. The boys D-II state championship is at Sunbury's North Star
Resort, also this weekend.

The boys and girls D-I districts are Wednesday at Weatherwax in Middletown.
Those state championships are the following week also at Columbus.

Latham top scorer

Calum Latham of Springfield Catholic Central surpassed the existing Ohio High
School Athletic Association record for career goals in a 7-0 defeat of
Greeneview last week.

Calum, the son of veteran coach Shane Latham, scored five times against the Rams
to push his career total to 173. He'll play for Xavier University next season.

Contact this writer at (937) 225-2381 or mpendleton@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

Tulsa-based Matrix Architects founder Alter taps novel concept for developers

BYLINE: Kirby Lee Davis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 741  words


Matrix Architects founder Steve Alter has re-entered the business with two
startups.

Opened with a staff of four, the more traditional firm Alterarchitecture Inc.
focuses on infill projects.

His other launch, the Development Services Network LLC, employs a more radial
structure. Alter created the research, design and development firm through
arrangements and understandings with more than 30 entities in and outside Tulsa,
allowing him to obtain the talent and resources needed on an individual contract
basis.

"It's not a firm per se, but a team created for each project," said Alter. "To
my knowledge, no one else has done it this way. "

Both of his new firms will primarily target Tulsa's central core. Their lean
organizational structures allow Alter to get back to work without the large
overhead required by a full-service company.

"I'm not ready to retire," said Alter, a longtime supporter of the Oklahoma Jazz
Hall of Fame. "I want to do more fun and good projects. "

Alter started with three contracts. Besides taking over as the architect of
record for Michael Sager's First Street Lofts, the 40,000-square-foot Vision
2025 downtown residential project expected to wrap in about eight months, Alter
also is handling research projects for Mid-Continent Tower and Coldwell Banker
Commercial Argue Properties.

Other potentials brewing allow Alter to predict first-year revenue around $1
million.

While this national recession doesn't provide the most advantageous backdrop for
building two boutique real estate companies, with developers among the hardest
squeezed by today's tightened credit, Alter expects the BOK Center and the $60
million Oneok Field ballpark project to drive organic growth within the Brady
District, the Blue Dome District and other downtown areas.

"I don't know if we're insulated, but we will feel it last," he said of the
recession's effects. "I think we're going to see a two-quarter lull and then I
think we're going to see not a boom, but a slow, steady increase of people doing
redevelopment projects that are related to the river, to the BOK Center and the
arts and entertainment district and revitalization of the Brady District. "

Like many Tulsa real estate professionals, Alter expects the Vision 2025
renovation of the Tulsa Convention Center, the potential redevelopments around
Tulsa's former City Hall, and other government contracts to keep downtown infill
projects active.

"I hope the ballpark gets a serious large developer to get active in the
enterprise zone," he said.

Sager, developer of the Blue Dome district, is renovating a 4,000-square-foot
office for Alter's firms just off First Street and Detroit, behind Ridgway's.

Although he has an ownership stake in both firms, Alter said the Development
Services Network will operate independently of Alterarchtecture. He projected
the development arm may not even hire its architectural sister company on
certain projects, going instead with firms providing more needed resources.

That also reflects his more limited approach for Alterarchitecture, doubting it
will grow beyond eight or 10 employees.

"This is not a size-driven company," he said.

Alter left Matrix in September 2007 after two high-profile projects struggled
with cost overruns under periods of near-runaway energy and construction
inflation. But he attributed his departure more to a power shift within Matrix
rather than financial hits.

"They thought it was time for the transition," he said.

Alter does not downplay the challenges. In 2006, bid opening cost overruns with
the $180 million BOK Center forced Matrix to donate $3.5 million in fees, as
well as hundreds of hours of staff time.

In July 2007, the Tulsa County Public Facilities Authority replaced Matrix as
the engineering and architecture firm for the fairgrounds after the
architectural firm delivered armory plans behind schedule and projected above
its $5 million budget.

Alter said both areas reflect problems predicting the chaotic shifts in steel,
oil and other commodity prices, which have played havoc with most construction
budgets for more than a decade.

He also attributed some of the fairgrounds project problems on shifting
directions among county leaders, complicating completion times and increasing
manpower costs.

"For the most part, the master plan and architectural development that I set for
that whole square mile has been pretty much kept intact," he said of the
fairgrounds renovation. "They keep that going. "

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                      Xstrata Limited, London, Baar;Branch

                              Baarermattstrasse 3
                                   Baar 6341
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  26. September 2013
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Baar

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417266070
TELEFAX: 0417266089
INTERNET: www.xstrata.com
E-MAIL: info@xstrata.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406790460

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1926
RECHTSSTATUS: Zweigniederl. ausländ.Gesellsch. / Handelsregistereintrag:
18.07.2002
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 04


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  28. April 2014
 BÖRSENKOTIERT: London

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  David Issroff
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 09.08.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.

NAME:  Frederik J. P. Roux
ORT:  Plettenberg Bay (ZA)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 09.10.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Michael L. Davis
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (USA)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Ivan Glasenberg
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Rüschlikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Australien


NAME:  Paul Hazen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Mill Valley (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Robert MacDonnel
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hillsborough (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Trevor Reid
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Steve Robson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  David Strachan
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Santiago Zaldumbide
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Madrid (E)
LAND:  Spanien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  Willy Strothotte
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Feusisberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  David Rough
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Carlos Perezagua Marin
STELLUNG:  Filialdirektor
ORT:  Thalwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Xstrata Coal Marketing AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. November 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Der Konzern beschäftigt rund 38'000 Mitarbeiter.Konzernumsatz 2007
US$ 28'540.00 Mio.

GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Benny S. Levene
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Double Bay (AUS)
LAND:  Australien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Südafrika
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 04.05.2007 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  John Burton
STELLUNG:  Filialleiter
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  lic.oec.HSG Martin William Häring
STELLUNG:  Filialleiter
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Neuhausen am Rheinfall


NAME:  Andreas Hubmann
STELLUNG:  Filialleiter
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  BichelseeBalterswil


NAME:  Carlos Perezagua Marin
STELLUNG:  Filialleiter
ORT:  Thalwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien


NAME:  Dominic O'Brian
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Australien


NAME:  Daniel Sigrist
ORT:  Steinhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Willisau


NAME:  Brian Azzopardi
STELLUNG:  Filialleiter
ORT:  Oberägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Malta

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Angaben zu den Einzelgesellschaften liegen nicht vor.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Guter Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Positive Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften

   GBP 50'000.00, eingeteilt in 50'000 stimmrechtslose Nachrangaktien zu GBP
1.00, liberiert mit GBP 12'500.00 sowie USD 316'251'208.50, eingeteilt in
632'502'416 Stammaktien zu USD 0.50 und 1 Superstimmrechtsaktie zu USD 0.50,
voll liberiert

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 0.29
2015                   CHF 0.29

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Xstrata Coal Marketing AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. November 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Der Konzern beschäftigt rund 38'000 Mitarbeiter.Konzernumsatz 2007
US$ 28'540.00 Mio.

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Xstrata AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. Februar 1927
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 59'000'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Schuldenruf infolge Fusion


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Angaben über Grundeigentum sind nicht erhältlich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Kapital
KAPITAL:  USD 1'515'685'785.50
LIBIERUNG:  1'515'685'785.50 liberiert
KAPITALART:  Kapital
KAPITAL:  GBP 50'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Kapital
GV DATUM:  26. September 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  USD 750'000'000.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  USD 1'515'685'785.50

KAPITALART:  Kapital
GV DATUM:  9. August 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  USD 316'251'208.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  USD 750'000'000.50


KAPITALART:  Kapital
GV DATUM:  3. Juni 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  USD 315'751'208.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  USD 316'251'208.50


KAPITALART:  Kapital
GV DATUM:  8. Dezember 2004
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  USD 126'300'500.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  USD 315'751'208.50


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  26. September 2013
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Xstrata plc, London, Zug Branch
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Xstrata Limited, London, Baar B

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday

NBA Finals Links: Steph vs. LeBron, Curry s alter ego and what Cleveland is
saying

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 192 words


Golden State Warriorsc Stephen Curry (30) celebrates a three-point basket
against the Chicago Bulls in the first half of a NBA game at Oracle Arena in
Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Jan. 27, 2015. (Ray Chavez/Bay Area News Group)

In case you missed any of our around-the-clockcWarriors-Cavaliers coverage,
youcve come to the right place. Herecs a roundup of the latest and greatest:

Marcus Thompson: Currycs alter ego destroys opponents

TimcKawakami: LeBron James saw something in Stephen Curry

KlaycThompsoncgets the green light for Game 1

Steve Nash says Curry the best shooter ever

Mark Purdy: Warriors have come a long, long way

c

And herecs a smattering of whatcscbeing saidcabout this series outside of the
Bay Area:

The complex story of J.R. Smithcs brother, Chris

Delonte West says LeBron James saved his life as he battled depression

David Blatt has fought back against the criticism, now getting praise

LeBron couldnct be doing this in Cleveland now without his time in Miami

Lots of matchup and preview video here from NBA.com

The post NBA Finals Links: Steph vs. LeBron, Currycs alter ego and what
Cleveland is saying appeared first on Inside the Warriors .

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 11, 2010 Saturday

Herbstreit pep talk helps Elks get ready for Alter

BYLINE: KYLE NAGEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 439 words


CENTERVILLE - The Centerville High School football team huddled at midfield of
the soon-to-be circuslike Centerville Stadium on Thursday evening.

Coach Ron Ullery took a phone call. Kirk Herbstreit, the ESPN college football
analyst who was sitting in Tuscaloosa, Ala., preparing for tonight's
Alabama-Penn State game, had a message for his alma mater.

But a normal phone call just wouldn't have suited the preparation for this
unusually massive game against rival Alter. Ullery pumped Herbstreit's call
through the stadium sound system as the sitting players listened.

"He talked about how important this game was," said Michael Bennett, the massive
Centerville offensive and defensive lineman committed to Ohio State, while the
team celebrated with piles of pizza inside the Centerville locker room.

"I think we took it to heart."

In beating Alter 24-7 in arguably the biggest area regular-season game in a
decade on Friday, Centerville put a cap on a day and a week that had been filled
with ticket requests and nonstop speculation and excitement at both schools, two
of the area's best historically that hadn't played since 1967.

I got to the school at about 4:15 p.m., and there were already plenty of people
tailgating and tossing footballs. One local sports talk show, Sport-stalk 980 on
WONE-AM, was broadcasting from the site, and another, Sports Scene (WINGAM),
would start soon after.

Channels 2, 7 and 22/45 all had live trucks, and other businesses including
K99.1 FM, Dayton CW, White-Allen, Voss Auto Network and Lee's Famous Recipe
Chicken all set up tents.

By the time the gates opened at 5:25 p.m., the five entrances each had lines of
200 people or more. Then, people started showing up on the hill that overlooks
the field from behind the north end zone outside the gates. Eventually, about
250 sat there.

I asked longtime Centerville girls soccer coach and football PA announcer Don
Skelton if people usually watch from the hill.

"I don't know," Skelton said. "I don't think we ever thought to look."

The 50/50 take was $1,532 with a crowd widely expected to be 10,000 that
ballooned to about 12,000 with spectators butting up against ropes separating
the field from the overflow.

Around all of that, a stadium speaker-amplified pep talk from one of the most
popular sports analysts in the country fit right in.

"Just a heckuva speech," Ullery said. "He texted me at 3 (Friday) and said he
was trying to get on a private jet because he couldn't miss this. His sister
said before the game he came this close to making it work."

He was about the only thing missing.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday

Kennard, Morgan, Petrocelli land top All-Ohio honors

BYLINE: Marc F. Pendleton, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 329 words


March 19--Luke Kennard of Franklin High School and Springboro's Maverick Morgan
were both named first team All-Ohioans in boys high school basketball, with
Kennard sharing state player of the year honors, and Alter's Joe Petrocelli was
named a coach of the year by the Associated Press.

The Division I and II teams were released on Monday and were based on
recommendations from a state-wide media panel.

Kennard, a 6-foot-5 sophomore, shared top player honors with Dan Monteroso (St.
Clairsville) and Vitto Brown (Bowling Green). Kennard averaged 28 points in
leading the Wildcats (19-4). He also was the team's leading scorer as a freshman
as Franklin posted a 20-0 regular-season record in the 2011-12 season.

Morgan, a 6-11 senior, was a first-team D-I pick. He averaged 24.7 points and
led the Panthers to the regional semifinals, the deepest into the postseason of
any D-I area team. He has signed with the University of Illinois.

Petrocelli, in his 49th and final season as Alter's head coach, shared the D-II
coach of the year honor with Doug Davis (Lima Bath), David Bargar (Chagrin
Falls) and Frank Spotleson (Canton South).

Petrocelli, the only head coach in Alter history, announced his intention to
retire in midseason. The Knights have vowed to send their coach out a winner.
Alter will play Columbus Watterson in the D-II state semifinals on Thursday.

The only area second-team selection was Zack Denny of Valley View in D-II. The
senior led the state in scoring (35.0). He's signed with Bowling Green.

Seniors Mark Alstork of Thurgood Marshall and Alter's Jaaron Simmons were both
D-II special mention choices.

Vince Edwards of Middletown and Lakota East's Stedman Lowry were D-I special
mention.

The All-Ohio D-III and D-IV teams will be released today. Mr. Basketball will be
announced by the AP on Wednesday.

___ (c)2013 Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton JournalNews
(Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130319-HL-Kennard-Morgan-Petrocelli-land-top-All-Ohio-honors-20130319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2013 The Journal-News


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              March 5, 2012 Monday

Dunbar does enough vs. Alter;
Wolverines advance to district final after eliminating Knights.;
DIVISION II BOYS SECTIONAL FINAL

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 345 words


Dunbar forward Deontae Hawkins dunks in front of Alter guard C.J. Riazzi during
the Wolverines' 65-56 win at UD Arena on Sunday. CONTRIBUTED PHOTO BY E.L.
HUBBARD

DAYTON - Deontae "Teddy" Hawkins and the rest of his teammates endured a crash
course on Dunbar vs. Alter boys high school basketball last week.

And the lesson was well received.

"It's history," said Hawkins.

"Back in the day, like coach was saying, Alter had beat Dunbar a couple times."

That wasn't going to happen, although Dunbar's 65-56 defeat of Alter in
Sun-day's Division II sectional final at UD Arena was uninspiring at best.

But it nudges the state's top-ranked unbeaten Wolverines (23-0) a step closer to
the ultimate goal of winning another state title. Their next step is passing a
district final test on Wednesday against Aiken also at UD Arena.

Dunbar will be joined on Wednesday by City League rival Thurgood Marshall, which
handed Franklin its first loss in Sunday's opener, 68-55. The doubleheader drew
an appreciative crowd of about 9,000.

Dunbar's big three of Hawkins, Andre Yates (19 points) and Gary Akbar (14)
provided the bulk of the Wolverines' damage in what appeared to be a monumental
mismatch. It was, until Dunbar lost focus late.

"The only team that's going to beat Dunbar is Dunbar," said coach Pete Pullen,
who grilled his team long afterward. "We can beat ourselves by not doing what
we're supposed to do and doing silly stuff." Dunbar raced to a 37-23 halftime
advantage, then withstood the pesky Knights (10-12). Jaaron Simmons once again
led Alter with 19 points and Jake Laravie added 14. "Hopefully, they go on and
win state, but we brought it all," said Sim-mons, who has played AAU ball with
most of Dunbar's standouts. "We gave them all we had.

"They're good and real big. Hopefully, they go on and finish it out."

Alter coach Joe Petrocelli said the same. He also noted that Dunbar has KO'ed
Alter the last two times Dunbar has won state titles.

"I told Pete, this is a good omen for them," Petrocelli said.

"It'll be interesting to watch them. I wish them the best of luck."

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday

Induction ceremony Jan. 28 for Alter's HOF honorees

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD1

LENGTH: 245 words


KETTERING - Archbishop Alter High School will have an induction ceremony for its
2010 Alumni Hall of Fame Inductees on Jan. 28.

Eight people will be recognized during the ceremony, which will take place at 6
p.m. at the Presidential Banquet Center, 4572 Presidential Way.

Tickets are $45 per individual and $500 to reserve a table for 10.

"Honorees selected for induction are chosen based upon their significant
contributions to their particular fields of endeavor as well as their
involvement in community service and activities," according to a press release
issued by John Patterson, Alter's director of Development and Communications.

Some are athletes selected based upon their sports achievements while at Alter
and after graduation.

Inductees include:

* Retired Rear Admiral Tom Zelibor, class of 1972

* Laura Portune Cordell, operatic soprano, class of 1994

* Lori Dorn, award-winning educator, class of 79

* Christina Hart, Alter's current athletic director and current Girls'
basketball coach.

* Courtney Sheridan DeOreo, president of Common Wealth Services, class of 1984

* John Crotty, president and CFO of Colfax Financial, LLC., class of 1969

* Mike Rose, executive director of United Healthcare, class of 1996

* Brandi Kohnle Schuermann, Cincinnati Adult League coordinator for the United
States Tennis Association, class of 1990

To purchase tickets or for more information, call Alter's Advancement Office at
(937) 428-5335 or email at advancement@alterhigh school.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 7, 2007 Wednesday

Alter shuts out No. 1 team in Ohio

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 384 words


UPPER ARLINGTON - Columbus St. Francis DeSales High School ended the regular
season as the state's top-ranked boys' soccer team. The Stallions won't finish
the postseason in similar fashion.

Alter stunned everyone but themselves in the Division II state semifinals
Tuesday, knocking off state-poll champ DeSales 1-0 on a cold, windy night at
Upper Arlington High School. The win gives the Knights a shot at redemption in
the state finals Saturday at Columbus Crew Stadium.

"We don't want to be happy just getting there," said Alter coach Bob Ellis,
whose team lost in last year's title game. "I've been (in the state semis) 10
times. This year, this is just incredible what these boys have done."

The Knights (18-2-2) aren't finished just yet.

Both teams had a handful of quality scoring chances. But Alter keeper Matt Dorow
and DeSales counterpart Byron Regester kept the game scoreless until midway
through the second half. Alter senior Danny McCarthy wrestled the ball away at
midfield, dribbled and passed to senior Nick Royer, who then dished off to
sophomore Timothy Rieser. Rieser's onetouch shot from about 15 yards away
bounced off the far post and into the net with 18 minutes, 15 seconds remaining.

"That's a kiss off the post," said Rieser.

It was also the kiss of death for the Stallions' season. DeSales, which had a
couple runs left in them, had not played from behind in nine games. Rieser's
goal also snapped DeSales' streak of eight straight shutouts and was just the
11th goal allowed all season.

"I never assumed the only game we'd get shut out would be this one," said
DeSales coach Domenic Romanelli. "I'm surprised at that, let's put it that way.
No disrespect to Alter. I thought we matched up well."

Much to the relief of an emotional Ellis. DeSales (19-2-1) won its previous two
state semifinal games in 1997 and again five years later in 2002. Add another
five years and they met again in '07.

"Going into this game I had a great feeling," Dorow said. "I was reading JJ
Huddle and (forum rooms) said we had no chance. That gave us added motivation to
step up."

Alter goes for a record fifth state title at 11 a.m. Saturday against either
Napoleon or Cuyahoga Falls CVCA. Alter, making its eighth state title
appearance, currently shares the record for most championships with North
Olmsted.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Columbus DeSales' Seun Adejobi (left) and Alter's Evan Price jump for a
header during the first half of their Division II state semifinal match Tuesday
in Upper Arlington. The Knights won 1-0. Associated Press photo by Jay LaPrete

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Plastics News
                                 Print Version

                                  June 8, 2015

Surfboard innovator Sweet was 'first in foam'

BYLINE: Roger Renstrom

SECTION: Pg. 19 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 388  words


Polyurethane foam surfboard pioneer Dave Sweet died of acute renal failure May
18 in Los Angeles at the age of 86.

PU development started in the 1930s, gained visibility during World War II as a
substitute for rubber, and soon found other applications. Sweet became aware of
the material and began experimenting on types of molds and formulations for PU
foam around 1952.

Development failures were common and sometimes created dangerous explosive
conditions, but, after months of experiments, Sweet learned how to eliminate
troublesome air bubbles. He achieved the production of his first PU foam core
surfboards in 1956.

Their weight at about 25 pounds each was significantly lower than the era's
balsa wood surfboards, on which Sweet worked starting in 1949, and
previous-generation redwood versions, on which he initially rode waves in 1945.

Sweet focused on quality production and is credited with being "first in foam"
for surfboards but never saw his annual volume go much higher than 800 boards.
His disinterest in marketing allowed others to ride the rapid growth in
surfboard popularity, stemming in part from the 1959 "Gidget" movie. By the late
1960s, the advent of short surfboards was damaging to Sweet's business.

Sweet resumed designing and developing long surfboards in 2000. Sweet's son,
Greg, continues to make his father's longboards available through a shop in
Pacific Palisades, Calif.

Hobie Alter was right behind Sweet in demonstrating the feasibility of a PU foam
surfboard, but Alter in Dana Point, Calif., took advantage of the market's
interest in the sport and achieved significantly higher sales volumes than
Sweet.

Alter's early collaborator in foam production was Gordon "Grubby" Clark, who
later operated Clark Foam in Laguna Niguel, Calif., from 1961 until abruptly
closing the PU-core market-dominant business in 2005. The closing led to more
off-shore mass production of surfboards on the basis of master shapers' digital
designs.

Alter died in March 2014 at the age of 80, but Clark, now 82, raises cattle and
sheep on his 52,800- acre Hay Creek Ranch east of Madras in Oregon's Jefferson
County.

Sweet was born in Seattle. His family moved to southern California in 1940. He
graduated from the University of Southern California and served in the Navy
until contracting pneumonia and being discharged.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            September 2, 2012 Sunday

Hundreds turn out for Hurley church shrine dedication

BYLINE: By Christine Steele Sun-News Bureau Chief csteele@scsun-news.com

SECTION: NEWS; Automotive

LENGTH: 902 words


HURLEY   More than 700 hundred people descended on the tiny town of Hurley on

Saturday morning for a moving and historic ceremony in which the Infant

Jesus Catholic Church was declared a Diocesan Shrine to the Santo Ni o

de Atocha by Bishop Ricardo Ramirez of the Diocese of Las Cruces. For

the hundreds who turned out, it was an emotional moment to be a part of

a ceremony in which the church was declared a shrine. The idea of

designating the church a shrine came from Joseph Chavez of Tulsa, Okla.,

who has strong ancestral ties to the Hurley community and to the church.

Chavez got the inspiration for his idea while visiting the National

Shrine to the Child of Prague in Prague, Okla., and envisioned the same

endowment for his church back in southwestern New Mexico. After four

years of planning, Chavez's hope and dream came true. Four hundred

invitations went out to people as far away as Texas, Arizona and

California   some who had signed the church's guest book over the years

and others who had ties to the church and the Hurley community, Hurley

Mayor Edward Encinas, who is also a parishioner of the church, said. "To

see this in my lifetime was an experience that I cannot describe in

words," Encinas said. "I was so moved to see all the people there."

Encinas said he got choked up throughout the ceremony and the dedication

of the altar and tried to hide his tears. Afterwards, he said he had to

sit down and regroup, before running around making sure everything went

smoothly   from the brisket dinner for 700 that was being served

afterwards, to meeting people who had come from California, Arizona and

Texas, to greeting dignitaries like Sen. Howie Morales, Rep. Rudy

Martinez, Rep. Dianne Hamilton, and retired Sen. G. X. McSherry, from

Deming, whom Encinas thanked for coming. The highlight of the day,

Encinas said, was the standing ovation that former church priest Father

Dan Porter received when he was introduced by the Bishop. Father Porter

was a much-beloved priest at the church for 11 years before being

transferred two years ago, Encinas said. "When he came into the church

you could feel it," he said. The Rev. Roberto S. Barreto S., the

church's current priest, said a few words, then the Bishop introduced

Father Porter, saying "I brought my angel with me," Encinas said. He

said Father Porter was happy to see all his former parishioners and they

were thrilled to see him. The Bishop also addressed the local

dignitaries and the children, Encinas said, and called the Infant Jesus

Catholic Church the "jewel of the Diocese." "This is an extremely rare

event," the Bishop said addressing the huge crowd. "It's not everyday

that a Church is declared a Shrine. This is only the second church, the

other one is in Mesilla Park. The Infant Jesus Catholic Church is a

treasure, a true jewel, and it's fitting that we elevate this church to

a Shrine on Labor Day due to the donation of labor by the locals." The

Colonial Revival Church at 204 Cortez Ave., was built in 1952 on land

donated land by the Kennecott Copper Corp. The same site housed the

original Infant Jesus Catholic Church that was established in June 1916.

The patron of the church is the Infant Jesus. The Santo Ni o de Atocha

legend grew from the time of the Moorish control over Spain, circa 711

A.D. Men were imprisoned for their faith. Many prisoners were starving,

but the dictator declared food and water could be brought to them by

their children. Many of the prisoners were single men, without children

and starving. The women prayed to the Virgin Mary at the Atocha Church,

which was adorned with the statue that held the Infant Jesus. The women

believed a mysterious child who soon appeared and provided food and

water for the starving prisoners was the Holy Child Jesus. Depictions of

the child show him hold a basket and a staff, with a gourd of water.

Devotion grew from that legend and when the Spaniards came to Mexico,

the story and statue also reached the new land. Devotion to the Infant

Jesus (Santa Ni o) has grown worldwide, particularly in the southwest,

and within the Hispanic community. The church has central double doors,

with stained glass images of the Santo Ni o gracing the entrance. Arched

stained glass windows flank the central aisle that leads to the main

altar. Above the altar is a cupola with a celestial painting of the

Santo Ni o, with angels, amidst clouds painted by Italian artist,

Guiseppe Kadich in 1952. Mariachi Corazon del Desierto de Sam Baca led

the huge crowd during the beautiful ceremony on Saturday, and

afterwards, hundreds enjoyed the brisket dinner under tents on the

church grounds. On Sunday, people still came to the church to see the

shrine, with folks dropping in from Safford, Ariz. and other places,

Encinas said. The church gift shop will be selling T-shirts for $15 that

say "Infant Jesus Shrine   Hurley New Mexico" on the front, with a

picture of the Santo Ni o on the back, the mayor said. The shirts were

created by Morningstar in Silver City and will be available at the

Church Gift Shop from 9 a.m. to noon, and 1 to 5 p.m. Monday through

Friday and after the 6 p.m. mass on Saturday and the 9 and 11 a.m.

masses on Saturday. And every year from now on, the church and the town

of Hurley plan to hold an annual fiesta on the shrine declaration date

at the Infant Jesus Catholic Church to honor dedication and the Santo

Ni o.

CariSue Flores contributed to this report.

Christine Steele can be reached at (575) 538-5893 ext. 5802.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter girl, Ami Rose Becerra, 9, and her mother, Amy Chavez-Becerra,
kiss the newly blessed alter at Infant Jesus Catholic Church during the mass and
enshrinement ceremony Saturday. Since I was a little girl I knew I wanted to be
an alter girl, Ami Rose said. My brothers tease me, because I like to watch the
religious shows instead of cartoons, but I am happy to be different. Ami Rose
became an alter girl in May and said when she grows up she wants to go to
Jerusalem and see all the places Jesus went. I ve already saved up $18 in change
just this summer, she said. My daughter has been an inspiration, her mother
said. There are days where I do not feel good, and she talks me into coming to
church, and I end up feeling better. I am sure Bishop Ricardo Ramirez shaking
Ami s hand with Peace Be With You will be a moment Ami will never forget.
Mariachi Corazon Del Desierto de Sam Baca, from Deming, led the congregation of
the Infant Jesus Catholic Church in music during mass Saturday and performed
afterwards while everyone gathered to eat. More than 700 people turned out for
the ceremony in which the church was declared a shrine to the Santo Niño de
Atocha. Not in order: Leticia Sarmiento, Dalina Camunez-Lopez, Milagros Guillen,
Robert Palacios, Juan Sarmiento, Joel Valdez, Eduardo Lerma, Jorge Sanchez,
Gabriela Zuniga, and Raymond Gomez.
Danza La Flor Del Tepeyac, from Deming, performed an Indian Matachines dance
Saturday outside the Infant Jesus Catholic Church in Hurley following the church
being declared a shrine to the Santo Niño de Atocha by Bishop Ricardo Ramirez.
Bishop Ricardo Ramirez of the Diocese of Las Cruces pours oil on the new alter
to bless it during mass and the enshrinement ceremony at the Infant Jesus
Catholic Church on Saturday. This is an extremely rare event, the Bishop said
addressing the huge crowd. It s not everyday that a Church is declared a Shrine.
This is only the second church, the other one is in Mesilla Park. The Infant
Jesus Catholic Church is a treasure, a true jewel, and it s fitting that we
elevate this church to a Shrine on Labor Day due to the donation of labor by the
locals.
More than 350 people pack the Infant Jesus Catholic Church in Hurley on Saturday
for a ceremony in which Bishop Ricardo Ramirez of the Diocese of Las Cruces
declared the church a shrine to the Santo Niño de Atocha. More than 700 people
overall turned out for the ceremony. For more photos of the ceremony, see our
Facebook page.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                      May 9, 1998, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Nepean man charged with defrauding seniors

BYLINE: THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5


A Nepean man was arrested in New York state yesterday on charges that he tricked
elderly U.S. citizens into paying $ 1.3 million toward non-existent prizes. The
arrest of Jules Alter, 45, comes seven years after he was the focus of an
investigation by the Canadian government for his telemarketing techniques.

Mr. Alter, 45, who runs the Nepean-based Consolidated Premium Group, was
arrested in Alexandria Bay, New York. He faces 18 charges including conspiracy,
mail and wire fraud and money-laundering. The most serious counts carry up to 20
years in federal prison and $ 500,000 in fines.

The victims included a New Jersey woman who lost $ 199,000 she was told would
cover expenses for a $ 3-million prize, which was actually bogus, said a U.S.
federal indictment unsealed this week.

"Unscrupulous thieves who slip past our border via telephone lines in order to
fleece older Americans is a serious problem," said Faith Hochberg, U.S. attorney
for New Jersey.

The FBI worked with the RCMP and Project Phonebusters, the telemarketing task
force of the Ontario Provincial Police, on the case.

In the early 1990s, Mr. Alter owned another telemarketing company, J.A. Canadian
Office and Business Supply, that was the subject of several complaints from
people who said the company promised them prizes but asked for cash first.

At that time, a spokesman for Consumer and Corporate Affairs confirmed that Mr.
Alter's company was being looked at, but refused to elaborate. In response to
the complaints, Mr. Alter said at the time that his company never promised
anyone anything

"Let's be honest," Mr. Alter told the Citizen. "There's nothing free in this
world." He went on to say that his company never pressured anyone to send money
or buy his products.

With the current investigation into Mr. Alter, U.S. prosecutors are seeking to
recover the $ 1.3 million, which they believe was taken from January 1996 to
April 1997.

Starting in 1993, employees at Mr. Alter's company phoned U.S. citizens and
falsely told them they had won a sweepstake or other contest, the indictment
said.

The "winners" were told they had to pay a fee by certified cheque or bank
cashier cheque for taxes, duties or promotional expenses before collecting their
prize, the indictment said.



LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1998

LENGTH: 383 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

Gift of life: Logansport residents encourage others to become donors

BYLINE: Denise Massie, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 926 words


Apr. 22--Donetta Surface has been sick her entire life.

"I've never known any different," she said. "... I can't complain though. It's
been a rough life, but it's been worth it."

The Logansport resident was born with renal disease and as a child experienced
kidney infections.

As she grew older, her physical problems became worse. She eventually had to go
on dialysis and received her first kidney transplant from her mother in 1985.

After living with her mother's kidney for 24 years, it began to fail and Surface
went on dialysis in late 2008.

"Dialysis is uncomfortable," she added. "You do it because you have to."

Surface knew the day would come when she would need a new kidney. The only
question was when.

Her daughter, Serenity Alter, said the family thought that day would come sooner
than it did.

"It's not a cure," explained Surface. "It's just a temporary fix."

Surface's doctors had told her for 10 years the kidney would need to be
replaced.

She explained a transplanted kidney is like a battery. When the surgery is first
completed, the kidney is completely charged. Over time, it loses that charge and
will eventually need to be replaced.

Surface said she was surprised her first transplanted kidney lasted as long as
it did.

"It was great," she said. "I hope this one last just as long or longer."

Growing up, Alter knew about her mom's condition. She was only 12 years old at
the time of the first transplant. Alter said she always knew she wanted to
donate a kidney to her mother.

"It wasn't a question," she said. "I knew years ago she needed one. I didn't
hesitate to give her one of mine."

After confirmation the mother and daughter were a match, they went through one
year of testing before the surgery could take place.

During that time period, however, Surface developed anti-bodies as a result of a
blood transfusion. Doctors weren't positive if they could use Alter's kidney at
that point.

According to Alter, her kidney could not be used for the transplant if the
anti-bodies were present.

"They would think it was a foreign object and try to fight it off," she
explained.

Surface received a one-time treatment in between two days of dialysis, which
enabled her to get rid of the anti-bodies.

The transplant was still considered a high-risk operation for the first six
months. Surface will hit her six month after the surgery Monday.

The surgery took place on Oct. 26 at Clarian Health in Indianapolis.

At first, Surface said she didn't want Alter to donate her kidney.

"She's my daughter," she said. "I knew the risks and what could happen. She took
the ball and ran with it. Plus, I was too sick to do anything about it."

Alter went in for surgery at 7:30 a.m. and Surface received her new kidney at
9:30 a.m.

"There's so much different from the first time, but of course that was25 years
ago," Surface said.

Some of those differences included technology and medication, which have both
come a long way.

In 1985, Surface spent two months in the hospital and her mother two weeks. This
time, Surface spent nine days, while Alter only spent five days.

Since they left the original kidney transplant, Surface said she has a part of
her daughter and mother with her at all times.

She is grateful to both for giving her the chance to live.

"It's the gift of life," said Surface. "They lay down their life for you. That
can't be measured."

As for Alter, she said it's neat to see something she did helped bring her mom
back to life.

"How many people get the chance to say they gave life to the person that gave
life to them," she said.

Surface's new kidney is working fantastically and she has returned to normal
functions.

She goes to the doctor for checkups every two months. Eventually, she will only
have to go once a year.

As for Alter, she is back to living a normal life. She is only restricted from
playing heavy sports for one year.

Alter is planning on hosting a fundraiser near the end of the summer, in order
to help raise money for the National Kidney Foundation.

Alter and Surface hope to inspire others and get the word out on how important
it is to be a donor, especially since April is "Donate a Life Month."

According to the Clarian Health website, more than 1,000 Indiana residents are
waiting on life-saving organ transplants, while more than 100,000 people are
waiting nation-wide.

"The problem is donors," said Surface. "I think if people realized they could
save a life, maybe they would donate."

According to the website, the hospital is one of only a few health care
facilities that has been certified by Medicare to perform a number of
transplants including, multivisceral, intestinal, pancreas, liver, kidney, lung
and heart.

For every person who decides to become a donor, the website says up to eight
lives could be saved.

According to Alter, there are no costs to the person who wants to donate an
organ.

They both hope those willing to donate increases, since the number of
transplants needed has increased.

"I really want people to understand you don't need someone you know to donate,"
said Alter.

Denise Massie is a staff writer at the Pharos-Tribune. She can be reached at
574-732-5151 or denise.massie@pharostribune.com

To see more of Pharos-Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pharostribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100422-LG-Gift-of-life-0422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2010 Pharos-Tribune


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday

Morgan, alter ego starring for Brewers

BYLINE: Dejan Kovacevic

LENGTH: 476 words


MILWAUKEE ? The concession stands at Miller Park offer two models for Nyjer
Morgan jerseys: One has the standard "Morgan" above the No. 2, the other has "T.
Plush."

The first represents the Milwaukee Brewers' center fielder.

The other?

"Aw man, I can't explain everything!" Morgan said before the Pirates-Brewers
game Friday night. "I just gotta be me, you know?"

Well, him and someone else. Morgan came up with the "Tony Plush" alter ego while
with the Pirates, attaching no real relevance to it, just spouting it
occasionally for fun.

He mentioned it often enough in Milwaukee that a Brewers fan started an
@Tony_Plush account on Twitter that he labeled "the gentleman alter ego of Nyjer
Morgan." The fan, a gifted writer, began penning narratives ? in 140-character
chapters, naturally ? that would tell tales of Morgan's heroics on the field.
Or, in his vernacular, "Plushdamentals."

Before long, the account had thousands of followers, including many in the
baseball community.

Friday, that fan, Jason Albert of St. Paul, Minn., outed himself in an
extensive, emotional article for Slate.com in which he described "being consumed
by baseball thoughts in a way I hadn't been since I was 10." He also playfully
bemoaned that the real Morgan had joined Twitter on May 17, called himself
@TheRealTPlush and immediately gained five times the number of followers.

"With sagging shoulders, I retweeted his welcome message," Albert wrote in the
Slate article. "I was finished."

The article was retweeted everywhere, including ESPN, but it wasn't until a
couple hours before the game that Morgan learned about it.

"Really? He told everyone who he was?" Morgan said. "Oh, that's wild. Great kid.
I've sent him nothing but love."

That's not true. Morgan also sent Albert an autographed T-shirt last month.

"It was pretty neat that he did Tony all that time," Morgan said. "And I'm
having fun with it, too."

The Brewers sound like they're having a blast with Morgan.

"He's a character, one of those guys that brings silliness to baseball,"
Milwaukee general manager Doug Melvin said with a laugh. "Baseball's always had
those. Guys like Mark Fidrych back in the day. Believe me, if there was texting
and tweeting going on back then, Fidrych would have been 'Bird Man' or
something."

More important, Morgan has fared quite well since being acquired from Washington
on March 27: He is batting .323 with three home runs, 13 doubles, six triples
and six steals.

"He's played really well here," Melvin said. "I liked him when he was with
Pittsburgh, and I still like him. We needed a left-handed bat, and we needed
somebody at the top of the order. He's brought a lot of energy."

"I'm just swinging well now, doing my thing," Morgan said. "I've got no
complaints. We've got a great team here, and hopefully I'll get a chance to be
in the playoffs."

He and his friend.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday

Alter High School wants your help to mark 50th anniversary

SECTION: WEST MONTGOMERY COUNTY/ DAYTON; Pg. OZWR4

LENGTH: 181 words


KETTERING - From Friday through Sept. 3, Alter High School will kick off a year
of events observing its 50 years of education.

Members of the current Alter Marching Knights and the Lancerettes will be joined
by alumni of both groups at a 5 p.m. performance Saturday on the newly opened
practice fields adjacent to the school.

Todd Tucker, Alter band director, said alumni are being asked to donate $25 for
T-shirts and refreshments following the event and as a gift to Phase II of the
Capital Campaign for the Performing Arts.

All alumni also are asked to loan or donate memorabilia to be displayed in the
school lobby. Items sought include old uniforms, play bills, football programs,
photos or other nostalgic items.

A gala "A Starry, Starry Knight" is planned for Sept. 22 at the Ponitz Center at
Sinclair Community College. Hors d'oeuvres, dancing and a silent auction will be
featured.

The first inductee in the Alter Teacher Hall of Fame is the special guest.

Proceeds go toward building the Teachers Professional Enrichment Fund.

For more information, go to www.astarrystarry knight.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 3, 2004, Friday

Utah refuses to open records for study about state pension funds

BYLINE: By Bob Mims

LENGTH: 734 words



A conservative think tank is criticizing Utah for refusing to open its records
for a national study into investments by state pension funds in nations
allegedly supporting terrorists.

State officials countered that statutory limitations on release of such
information made the decision for them, but they insist they continue to keep an
eye out for any potential terror-state investment issues on their own.

The Center for Security Policy's study, released this week on the Internet
(http://www.divestterror.org), claims America's top public pension systems hold
$ 200 billion in stock in companies doing business in countries such as Iran,
Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Syria and North Korea.

"[Utah] just basically didn't want to provide the information," said Frank
Gaffney Jr., the center's president and chief executive. "Of all the hundreds of
funds we tried to deal with, Utah's response was the most categorical and . . .
dismissive."

In a letter to Gov. Olene Walker and state Treasurer Ed Alter, Gaffney, a former
assistant defense secretary in the Reagan administration, complained that while
most states cooperated in the study, the Utah State Retirement System was among
the few that would not.

"By investing billions of dollars in these companies [you can] force these firms
to choose between their standing in the U.S. financial community and their
partnerships with governments that threaten our vital security interests,"
Gaffney's letter stated.

He asked Walker and Alter to require "your public pension systems to help win
the financial war against terrorism . . . The moral and security imperative to
defeat terrorism should be the overriding issue for every state official in
America."

Walker, attending the Republican National Convention in New York Thursday,
referred questions to Alter. Alter, also at the GOP confab, did not return
calls.

However, Alter's chief deputy, Robert Kirk, said he understood the state is
"taking a closer look" at its investments with regard to terror considerations.

"But we need to be very careful about this and not punish [a company] before we
have all the facts," he said. "This is an issue with broad implications and it
needs to be evaluated."

On Thursday, Gaffney said he could not see "where they get off saying that as a
publicly funded entity investing money for public officials and employees that
they have the authority to deny providing this information."

But Dan Andersen, counsel for the Utah State Retirement System, confirmed that
state law "has a pretty strict confidentiality provision" concerning any broad
release of pension investment information as the center sought.

"We do have a list that can be provided of just our holdings," but it does not
break down to specific companies operating in particular countries, he said.

[Investment in terror-supporting nations] is "definitely something we are
monitoring, but there is not yet the information available to say for sure,"
Andersen added.

In addition to Utah, Arkansas is the only other state to respond with a blanket
refusal to participate in the center's study.

Some individual funds among the many offered in several other states -- Georgia,
Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Iowa and New Mexico -- also declined to
participate.

Indeed, three major federal government funds -- the U.S. Army NAF Retirement
Plan Trust, the Army and Air Force Exchange Service and the Federal Retirement
Thrift Investment Board -- also ignored the center's requests for information,
the study notes. However, of the 100 targeted funds, 87 did respond -- and
Gaffney said the results were sobering: 15-23 percent of the funds' portfolios
include investments "in companies that do business in terrorist-sponsoring
states." (The report did not name specific companies, noting that many of them
operated abroad through subsidiaries).

The study also revealed that on average, the funds were invested in 73 companies
doing business in Iran, 31 in Syria, 26 in Sudan, 24 in Libya, 17 in Saddam-era
Iraq and nine in North Korea.

The center hopes its findings will prompt review of pension portfolios and
subsequent divestments in questionable investments, along with passage of state
laws prohibiting such investments in the future.



-----

To see more of The Salt Lake Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sltrib.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: ST-PENSIONS-20040903

JOURNAL-CODE: ST

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2004 The Salt Lake Tribune


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Alter Retirement Planning Inc

                            33 SE 7Th Street Suite M
                             Boca Raton,  FL 33432
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (561) 394-6226
FAX: (561) 394-6227
URL: www.alterretirement.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We Help Secure Individual Retirement Lifestyles!  Alter Retirement Planning
is an independent, locally based financial services firm focused on securing
individuals retirement lifestyles. It was founded by Richard A. Alter with the
goal to build a debt-free financial planning firm offering sound, independent
financial advice and the highest level of service.  As an independent firm,
Alter Retirement Planning has none of its own financial products. Our advisors
focus on providing conflict-free advice and counsel on your investments to help
you reach your personal goals.  Alter Retirement Planning believes that knowing
how to plan for your retirement requires an objective understanding of what is
important to you. Since 1989, we have been helping our clients achieve their
personal and financial retirement dreams.  Let Alter Retirement Planning assist
you on the road to a successful retirement with sound planning and peace of
mind. Review our planning services on this site or call us today at (800)
449-2029.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Alaska: Notice of Utility Applications to Transfer Certificate and Alter Service
Area

LENGTH: 710  words

DATELINE: Juneau


State of Alaska, Online Public Notice has issued the following news release:


Notice of Utility Applications to Transfer Certificate and Alter Service Area

Notice Of Utility Applications To Transfer CertificateAnd Alter Service Area

The REGULATORY COMMISSION of ALASKA (Commission) gives notice that on March 31,
2015, Copper Basin Sanitation Service Company (CBSSC) and Copper Basin
Sanitation, LLC (CBS) (collectively the Applicants) filed an application to
transfer Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity (Certificate) No.223
from CBSSC to CBS. The transfer is the result of a business restructuring and no
other changes to the entity or its organizational structure are being made.

The Applicants also filed an application to alter the service area for
Certificate No. 223. CBSSC's current service area is centered in Glennallen and
extends north along the Richardson Highway to Paxson, south along the Richardson
Highway toward Valdez and Chitna, west along the Glenn Highway, and northeast
along the Tok Cutoff Highway to Slana. The Applicants seek to alter the service
area of Certificate No. 223 by expanding it west from Paxson along the Denali
Highway, north on the Richardson Highway to Summit Lake, east on the Edgerton
Highway between Chitina and McCarthy, and west on the Glenn Highway to the
Eureka area. The Applicants also seek to remove a portion of their service area
located near Tok that was inadvertently included within the service area in a
past proceeding, but has not been served.

Docket No. U-15-053 was opened to address the application to transfer
Certificate No.223. Docket No. U-15-054 was opened to address the application to
alter the service area for Certificate No. 223.

The Applicants filed a motion to consolidate the proceedings for Dockets
U-15-053 and U-15-054 for administrative efficiency. Within Docket U-15-054, the
Applicants also seek a waiver of the requirement to file pro-forma financial
schedules and of the scale requirement for the service area map.

No petition for confidentiality was filed with the applications. The Commission
has not assessed the completeness of the application, the petitions for
waiver,or the motion for consolidation. The Commission will rule on the
petitions for waiver and determine whether the application is complete by June
5, 2015.

A person who proposes to file an application to furnish the same (or
substantially the same) service or facility to essentially the same service area
or route, in whole or in part, must file a notice of intent to file a competing
application by May 6, 2015. The person must then file the competing application
by July 5, 2015. If no notice of intent to file a competing application is filed
by May 6, 2015, the Commission will proceed to grant or deny the CBS application
in accordance with the applicable provisions of AS42.05.221- 42.05.281.

You may obtain more information about these filings from Michelle D.
Barnett,Consultant to CBS, AKT LLC, 800 East Dimond Blvd, Suite 3-670,
Anchorage, AK 99515; phone: 907-522-2130. The complete filing is also available
for inspection at the Commission's office at 701 West 8th Avenue, Suite 300,
Anchorage, AK 99501; phone: (907) 276-6222; or at the Commission's website at
www.rca.alaska.gov by typing Docket "U-15-053" or "U-15-054" in the Find a
Matter search box.

To comment on the application, please file your comments by 5:00 p.m., May 6,
2015, at the Commission's address given above or via our website at:

https://rca.alaska.gov/RCAWeb/WhatsNew/PublicNoticesComments.aspx.

Please reference Docket U-15-053 and/or U-15-054 and include a statement that
you have filed a copy of the comments with Michelle Barnett at the address given
above.

Individuals or groups of people with disabilities, who require special
accommodations,auxiliary aids or service, or alternative communication formats,
please contact Joyce McGowan at (907) 276-6222, toll-free at 1-800-390-2782, or
TTY (907)276-4533 or send a request via electronic mail to rca.mail@alaska.gov
by April 24, 2015.

DATED at Anchorage, Alaska, this 6th day of April, 2015.

REGULATORY COMMISSION OF ALASKA

Robert Pickett
Chairman

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 23, 2008 Saturday

Knights get rolling early to grab win vs. Firebirds

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 316 words


KETTERING - Someone on the Fairmont High School side of Roush Stadium couldn't
hang onto one of those minifootballs and it bounced onto the turf.

The Firebirds didn't do any better with the regular ball Friday night, Aug. 22,
in front of a capacity "Backyard Battle" and Dayton Daily News Game of the Week
crowd. Alter capitalized on three firsthalf Fairmont fumbles - scoring every
time the Knights touched the ball - and rolled to a 39-7 victory.

"I still think Fairmont is a solid football team," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said.
"I think it snowballed on them tonight. It's just one of those nightmares if
you're Fairmont."

That might be an understatement. A couple Firebirds were carted off the field,
including senior linebacker Kyle Danelak. Fairmont coach Brian Blevins said he
had one player in surgery and two on crutches.

Fairmont's three early fumbles and five total turnovers hurt in a different way.

"You play a team like that, you can't turn the ball over," Blevins said. "What's
heartbreaking is all the hard work we've put in."

Alter probably didn't need Fairmont's help. The Knights had drives of 87, 17,
90, 54 and 77 yards. Unofficially, Wisconsin-bound runner Chris Borland ran for
127 yards and three scores. Down 7-0, Fairmont drove 70 yards to Alter's 10, but
Ben Victor had the ball jarred loose. Alter's Matt Enouen rambled 94 yards for a
touchdown. Jamaal Everett coughed it up on Fairmont's next play, leading to a
Cody Taulbee score and 19-0 lead. The Firebirds then drove 72 yards before
quarterback Marc Pedro (who rotated with Alex Lilley) lost a fumble. Borland
capped another long drive. The rout was on.

Brendon Cunningham was Fairmont's bright spot, catching nine passes for 142
yards. The Firebirds dented their new scoreboard with a late TD, but it was too
late.

"When they struggle, you really have to take advantage of that," Borland said.
"I think we're good at that."

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School's Matt Pirrello (2) brings down Fairmont's Jamaal
Everett on Friday, Aug. 22, at Chester A. Roush Stadium. Staff photo by Chris
Stewart

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                 December 16, 1995 Saturday METRO FINAL EDITION

RESIDENTS OPPOSE METAL GRINDER SLATED FOR WEST SIDE

BYLINE: BYLINE: Ann Baker, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 911 words


A metal shredder that grinds up flattened cars into thousands of fist-size
pieces in 40 seconds for recycling could be operating in a few months near the
Mississippi River on St. Paul's West Side.

Alter Trading Co., which is seeking permits from the city and state, claims its
proposed $6 million shredder would bring new jobs to the city and would help
Alter stay competitive in the scrap metal industry.

But nearby residents opposed to the shredder object to the increased truck
traffic, pollution and noise they say it would bring to the riverfront area
southeast of Concord Street and the Lafayette Bridge.

The shredded metal "is a more economical means of preparing scrap for the steel
mills," said Alter Vice President John Gentzkow at the company's headquarters in
Bettendorf, Iowa.

Production capacity at Alter's 32-year-old facility would triple, to 900 tons a
day. Company officials say they actually expect to handle about 750 tons a day.

The shredder, a fast-rotating drum with hammers, could process half again as
much scrap metal as the controversial Kondirator machine that's proposed for
North Minneapolis. And it would have nearly twice the capacity of North Star
Steel Co.'s shredder at Pig's Eye in St. Paul.

If Alter's shredder gets its required approvals, another West Side company,
Great Western Recycling Industries, claims it would be forced to follow suit to
stay competitive.

"Therefore, we will have two shredders, an airport, a slaughter house, Pig's Eye
and the old NSP Plant," lamented West Side resident Ursula Pluhm, listing
industrial sites in and near her neighborhood that emit sounds and smells that
waft her way.

Pollution, traffic from 175 more trucks a day and proximity to the river head
the lineup of concerns of members of the West Side Citizens Organization, the
official community council for the area. They didn't hear about the project
until talks with local authorities were well under way last summer and then
quickly organized a campaign called "NO SHAMS! Neighbors Organized to Stop the
Hazardous Metal Shredder."

They collected 1,700 signatures on petitions demanding a far more rigorous study
than the environmental assessment worksheet the company completed last summer.
The neighbors are prepared to take their demands to court.

NO SHAMS members do not believe city officials, who claim to be "greening the
Great River Park" upstream of their neighborhood, are being vigilant enough to
protect their West Side neighborhood.

"They seem to think the pretty part of the river ends at the Lafayette Bridge,"
said Cathy O'Connell, an independent environmental consultant who lives on the
West Side.

City officials hope to decide whether to order a more exhaustive environmental
study by mid-January. If they decide not to do so, the company will seek a
special condition use permit from the city's zoning division and an air quality
permit from the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency.

Alter has operated since 1963 on 20 acres of industrially zoned land owned by
the St. Paul Port Authority. The company, which pays $89,000 a year for its
lease, flattens, bales and ships scrap metal to foundries around the country. It
also transfers other commodities, mostly coal and salt.

To run the shredder, Alter would hire 28 equipment and machine operators (at
wages of $30,000 a year) and seven other employees. The company would end its
coal and salt transfer operations. Its plans call for enclosing the metal
shredder with a 40-foot noise wall and building a lined detention pool to
collect runoff. Scrubbers, sprays and separators would be installed to limit
emissions.

City officials and Minnesota pollution and health authorities say that the
expected levels of mercury and other toxins in the 30 pounds of dust emitted
each day from the shredder would almost certainly comply with air pollution
standards.

But city and state authorities are waiting for more documentation from the
company. Alter's consultants say it's hard to find analyses of similar shredders
elsewhere that directly answer all the technical questions raised here.

Nonetheless, they're trying to persuade the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency
that their shredder, which comes from Texas, is less hazardous than the
Kondirator, which is made in Germany. State authorities probably will require
that a $500,000 filter be added to the Kondirator.

Even if pollution issues are resolved, the project's proximity to the river
could continue to be controversial.

Although the Alter site is part of an area that has been industrial for decades,
large stretches of the Mississippi's banks are being converted to scenic and
recreational parklands. Mayor Norm Coleman calls the change "the retreat of the
industrial glacier."

Alter has dismissed the idea of moving to other possible sites, preferring to be
on the river so it can continue shipping some of its product by barge, which is
cheaper than truck shipping.

The company maintains that the shredder won't change the nature of its
operation. It will only increase production.

Asked what the company would do if the needed approvals don't come through,
Gentzkow replied: "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it."

Right now, approval is in the hands of the city.

"We will get sued no matter what," said St. Paul Planning and Economic
Development Director Larry Buegler. "We're going to make what we think is a
prudent decision."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic:Pioneer Press Graphic
Shredder site
[See microfilm for details]

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 17, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Corrections

SECTION: Section 1; Page 2; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 100 words


An article yesterday about a debate between Susan D. Alter and Mark Green,
candidates for Public Advocate, gave an incomplete account of Ms. Alter's
assessment of Rudolph W. Giuliani's position on women's issues. Although she
suggested that in the past she "hadn't heard a very strong platform" from Mr.
Giuliani on women's issues, she went on to say that she had recently been
encouraged "by his embracing of the knowledge of just how sad the state of
women's affairs are in this city." As a result of that omission, the article and
its headline overstated Ms. Alter's criticism of Mr. Giuliani.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Correction

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

One of a kind Knight;
Pats' Thuney is first Alter grad to reach a Super Bowl.;
NFL SUPER BOWL

SECTION: ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 647 words


Patriots starting guard Joe Thuney, who was a third-round pick in April, was
named to the Pro Football Writers Association of American's all-rookie team last
week.

At Alter High, Joe Thuney played on the offensive and defensive line and then
went to North Carolina State.

Alter High School athletics are not lacking for accomplishments over the years,
but here's a new one: Joe Thuney is set to become the first Knight to play in
the Super Bowl.

A rookie offensive lineman for the New England Patriots, Thuney has been on
quite a roll.

USA Today named him an All-American during his senior season at North Carolina
State, the first memberoftheWolfpacktoearnsuch distinction in more than 30
years.

Last week, the Pro Football Writers Association of America named him to its
all-rookie squad.

Sunday he punched a ticket to Houston to play for the Lombardi Trophy.

Alter coach Ed Domsitz could say he saw it all coming, but that would be a lie.

"I know there are coaches out there who have said they know a player was
NFL-caliber since he showed up at their school," said Domsitz, whose pro
protégés also include Nick Mangold, Jeff Graham, Chris Borland and Maurice
Douglass (at Trotwood-Madison).

"Well, whether you're Nick Mangold or Joe Thuney, I felt after watching Joe play
his junior year he could be a D-I football player, but if someone said is he
going to be an NFL player? No, I could not tell that at that point. There are a
lot of things that have to come to pass. He has to be healthy. He has to get
stronger. He has to get quicker. And Joe did."

Thuney signed with N.C. State as a three-star prospect in 2011 after starting
for Alter for three seasons, including the 2008 and '09 state championship
teams.

He was a three-year starter in Raleigh and entered the draft process last winter
with some momentum.

The Patriots picked him in the third round, and he started every game this
season.

"As soon as we found out it was New England, that's just a great opportunity,"
Domsitz said. "I think everybody was thrilled for him when he got that
opportunity."

Looking back to Thuney's freshman year, Domsitz might not have seen a future
pro, but he did see lots to work with.

"My first impression was that he was a bright kid. He was intellectually pretty
sharp. He looked like at that point as he was coming in in the ninth grade he
could be either basketball or football because he really hadn't filled out. He
was athletic. He could play either sport and do a nice job."

Domsitz also liked what he brought from an intangible standpoint.

"He is one of those kids who would be a leader," the coach recalled. "He wasn't
real loud. He led by example quite a bit, but he liked to have a good time. He
fit in real well with that class and a couple of classes right below him."

Domsitz said he saw similarities between Thuney and Mangold, who was a
three-year starter and an All-American at Ohio State.

"I think probably one of the things they had in common was they both had quick
feet," the coach said. "They both could move pretty well. They both played some
defense for us as well as offensive line."

Mangold has logged 11 seasons with the New York Jets, but he is still looking
for his first shot to play in the Super Bowl.

Sometimes it pays to be in the right place at the right time - or to be drafted
by a team coached by Bill Belichick.

"Somehow he finds a way to motivate his players and get them to play in many
cases at a higher level than they have played in their career," Domsitz said. "I
admire that."

As for Thuney, well, he sounds sort of like the model Patriot - or, for that
matter, Knight.

"He was smart enough to understand whatever his shortcomings might be, he could
work to improve those," Domsitz said. "He would be able to overcome those
shortcomings as a result of really out-thinking at times the opponent."

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2396 or email Marcus.

Hartman@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Vest's 19 help CJ edge Alter;
Senior guard scores 10 fourth-quarter points for Eagles.;
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL CHAMINADE JULIENNE 62, ALTER 61

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 386 words


CJ's Jacob Harrison (center) gets cornered by Alter's Keegan Saben (left) and
Dominic Laravie. Harrison had 11 points, including three 3-pointers, in
Chaminade Julienne's 62-61 win over Alter on Tuesday.

DAYTON - Alan Vest wasn't having his best game against archrival Alter. Then
came crunch time.

"If you want to be a captain as a senior and you want to be one of the best
players in the city and the area, you have to be confident," the Chaminade
Julienne senior said. "You have to be the person who says I'm the best player on
the floor all the time."

Vest did just that, unloading 10 fourth-quarter points in sparking host CJ to a
62-61 victory. The Eagles, ranked No. 3 in this week's debut of the Division III
state poll, improved to 9-1 overall and padded their Greater Catholic League
North Division lead to 4-0.

Vest scored 19 points and super sophomore guard Christian Montague 18 to lead
the Eagles. But it was Vest who took over when needed most.

He hit a pair of 3-pointers in the closing minutes after CJ had seemingly
stalled and added what proved to be the winning free throws with four seconds
left. In all, the Wright State verbal commit tallied nine of CJ's final 11
points.

"A player who's a shooter like him who has confidence - and he's in his home gym
- he wanted the ball," Alter coach Eric Coulter said. "That's what it's all
about. Guys that make key plays at the end of the game."

Jacob Harrison added 11 points for CJ and Myo Baxter-Bell was limited to 10
after sitting out much of the contest with foul trouble. It was the fifth
straight win for CJ, which has lost only at Moeller.

Alter (5-3, 2-1) had its three-game win streak snapped. Senior Dean Lemon led a
balanced attack with 14 points. Keegan Saben added 13 points and Dominic
Lara-vie and Michael Schwieterman 12 each.

Alter led 43-38 but CJ rallied to knot it 43-all heading into the fourth
quarter. Then came Vest.

Harrison and Vest each hit a trio of 3-pointers. Alter's Schwieterman hit an
uncontested 3-pointer at the buzzer to account for the final margin.

"(Vest) has played a lot of minutes for us," CJ coach Joe Staley said. "And he
stepped up in the fourth quarter."

The teams will have a rematch at Fairmont's Trent Arena on Feb. 6.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.Pen dleton@coxinc.com
Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

Alter senior honors dad by heading to Annapolis

BYLINE: By Jeremy P. Kelley Staff Writer

SECTION: MIAMISBURG WEST CARROLLTON MORAINE WAYNESVILLE AND LEBANON; Pg. RG1

LENGTH: 351 words


KETTERING - Billy Eisenhauer has been almost a caricature of success at Alter
High School - all-league in track, an honor roll student every semester, and one
of the captains of a football team that made the final four last fall and won
two previous state titles.

The graduating senior from Centerville has no plans to back off when he leaves
Alter, as he's earned a congressional commission to the Naval Academy, where
he'll follow in his family's military footsteps.

Eisenhauer's father, a retired Air Force captain, died during a 2003 training
flight. Billy's aunt and uncle also were Air Force officers, and his
grandparents served in the Army.

"It's not really a challenge, but almost a personal mission to do my dad's
memory honor by following in his footsteps," Eisenhauer said. "One way to do
that is to be the best person I can be, and I figure the Naval Academy's a
pretty good way to do that."

Alter football coach and teacher Ed Domsitz said Eisenhauer is the type of
student-athlete who can inspire those around him to greater success.

"Billy set some lofty goals for himself; he strives for them and he expects to
do well," Dom-sitz said. "He's got a good bit of confidence, and he was an
excellent leader. Those skills are going to be evident as he progresses through
the academy."

Eisenhauer said he feels like he can succeed anywhere thanks to Alter's "great
teachers in every department" and the sense of teamwork he learned in school and
in sports. He said as a small school where the students all know each other,
Alter has a special sense of family. And at home, his own family - mom Jan and
brothers Matthew and Andrew - has grown closer since his father's death.

"Obviously it's never going to be the same, but given the circumstances, we're
as strong as ever," Eisenhauer said.

Jan Eisenhauer said Billy will succeed because he accomplishes anything he puts
his mind to.

"I see so much of his dad in him," she said.

Billy said he remembers talking with his dad as early as first grade about
becoming a Navy SEAL. Now 18, he said it feels good to commit to a serious task
with a lot of meaning.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Billy Eisenhauer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 22, 2008 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

At 60, He Learned to Sing So He Could Learn to Talk

BYLINE: By KAREN BARROW

SECTION: Section F; Column 0; Science Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 885 words


Few people over the age of 10 would list  ''Happy Birthday'' among their
favorite songs. But Harvey Alter, now 62, has a special fondness for it. It
helped teach him how to talk.

One morning in June 2003, Mr. Alter, then a self-employed criminologist, was
putting a leash on his dog, Sam, in preparation for a walk around Greenwich
Village, where he has lived for 30 years.  Suddenly he felt dizzy and
disoriented.

''My thoughts were intertwined, not making sense,'' he said in a recent
interview. ''I knew I was having a stroke.''

At St. Vincent's Hospital, doctors diagnosed an ischemic stroke, caused by a
blockage in blood flow to part of the left half of his brain. As a result, the
right side of his body was temporarily paralyzed, the right side of his face
drooped, and he had trouble coming up with the right words and stringing them
into sentences --  a condition called aphasia.

Within hours of his stroke, Mr. Alter met with Loni Burke, a speech therapist
who now works at Lenox Hill Hospital. At first he was completely nonverbal;
within a few days he could say small words.

''Mostly, he said, 'No,' '' Ms. Burke recalled, ''because he was frustrated that
he couldn't speak.''

After three weeks in the hospital and two years of painstaking therapy, Mr.
Alter's paralysis had mostly disappeared and his smile was back to normal. But
while he could communicate through small words and the help of a chalkboard,
complex verbal communication remained elusive.

Using standard speech therapy techniques like reviewing lists of numbers and the
days of the week, Ms. Burke helped her patient piece together short phrases. But
they came slowly and sounded robotic.

Then one day, she asked him to sing.

''How can I ever sing? I can't talk,'' Mr. Alter recalled thinking. But as soon
as Ms. Burke began to sing ''Happy Birthday,'' he chimed in.

''It sounded good,'' he said. ''Almost like I didn't have anything wrong.''

The technique, called melodic intonation therapy, was developed  in 1973 by Dr.
Martin Albert and colleagues at the Boston Veterans Affairs Hospital. The aim
was  to help patients with damage to Broca's area  -- the speaking center of the
brain, located in its left hemisphere.

These patients still had relatively healthy right hemispheres. And while the
left hemisphere is largely responsible for speaking, the right hemisphere is
used in understanding language, as well as processing melodies and rhythms.

''You ask yourself, 'What specifically engages the right hemisphere?' '' said
Dr. Gottfried Schlaug, a neurologist at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in
Boston, who studies music's effect on the brain.

Melodic intonation therapy seems to engage the right hemisphere by asking
patients to tap out rhythms and repeat simple melodies. Therapists first work
with patients to create sing-song sentences that can be set to familiar tunes,
then  work on removing the melody to leave behind a more normal speaking
pattern.

But relatively little research has been done to understand how this type of
therapy affects the brain of a stroke patient.

In a study completed in 2006, Dr. Schlaug and colleagues at Harvard tracked the
progress of eight patients with Broca's aphasia as they underwent 75 sessions of
melodic intonation therapy. M.R.I. scans taken when the patients were speaking
simple words and phrases showed that activity in the right hemisphere had
changed significantly over the course of treatment.

''The combination of melodic intonation and hand-tapping activates a system of
the right side of the brain that is always there, but is not typically used for
speech,'' Dr. Schlaug said.

He recommends melodic intonation therapy for patients who have no meaningful
form of speech, but can understand language and have the patience for therapy
sessions.

Before music came back into his life, Mr. Alter had difficulty thinking of the
words he wanted to use and forming them. For him, it seems, melodic intonation
therapy was the key to retraining his brain to speak with tone and rhythm.

''After a stroke, the brain is learning to adapt,'' said Dr. Albert Favate,
stroke director at St. Vincent's Hospital in New York. ''For someone with
Broca's aphasia, melodic intonation therapy can allow them to get back their
speaking patterns, which may improve speech spontaneity.''

Mr. Alter still speaks somewhat haltingly, with a noticeable lilt, but he no
longer struggles so mightily to find the right word, and he will happily
serenade anyone with conversation about his condition. While he attributes most
of his success to melodic intonation therapy, Ms. Burke says it was only one
tool she used among a host of others.

Still, she agrees that the  therapy was crucial. ''It may have caused an initial
reaction of, 'Wow, maybe I can speak,' '' she said.

As he has recovered, Mr. Alter has devoted his life to increasing awareness
about aphasia. He created the International Aphasia Movement two years ago and
spends much of his time leading support groups for stroke survivors and their
families and touring the world to speak for those who can't speak for
themselves.

And he is always happy to sing ''Happy Birthday'' with anyone who cares to join
in. ''But I don't mind Christmastime either,'' he said. ''Because I know all of
the carols.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: THE RIGHT KEY: Harvey Alter had  difficulty speaking after his
stroke. Melodic intonation therapy seems to have helped him retrain his brain.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY DAMON WINTER)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                     QUANTUM International;Beteiligungs AG

                             Steinhauserstrasse 74
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  20. Juli 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Baar
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug

DATUM:  26. Januar 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Niederteufen
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Baar


DATUM:  21. Mai 2014
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Hünenberg
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Niederteufen


DATUM:  19. Oktober 2007
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Hünenberg, Chäsigass 1A
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Hünenberg, Chamerstrasse 44

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417805336
TELEFAX: 0417805317

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406474812

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 23.01.1991
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  20. Juli 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  Einzelunternehmen
FIRMENNAME:  Enzler Daten-Technik
FIRMENORT:  Hünenberg
AKTIVA:  CHF 0.00
PASSIVA:  CHF 0.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 0.00

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Nicolai Helmut Carl-Hermann Clau Colshorn
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Mario Alexander Kobielski
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Kaarst (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Kaspar Enzler
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Walchwil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 01.11.2002 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Mark Rentsch
ORT:  Hünenberg See
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  GündelhartHörhausen, Homburg
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 19.10.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Marc Veitch
ORT:  Blonay
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.02.2009 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Stuart Brazier
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  West Vancouver (CDN)
LAND:  Canada
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
24.02.2009 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Karsten Behrens
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Vevey
LAND:  Monaco
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Ronald L. Remus
ORT:  Longwood (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
17.09.2009 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Geschäftsgang bleibt abzuwarten
ENTWICKLUNG:  Entwicklung bleibt abzuwarten
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
70210 - Public-Relations-Beratung

   Erbringung von Consulting- und Beratungsdienstleistungen insbesondere im
Bereich Marketing, Finanz-Public-Relations und Investor Relations im in- und
Ausland; vollständige Zweckumschreibung gemäss Statuten.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.10
2015                   CHF 1.20
2014                   CHF 1.20
2013                   CHF 1.20

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  Mittner + Partner, Treuhand Beratung Revision
ORT:  Chur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Kommanditgesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. Oktober 2004


NAME:  S. Dean & Co
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Kollektivgesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. Januar 1978
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisionsstelle. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
25.11.2002 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  SRT AG
ORT:  Rüti ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. September 1995
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  von Allmen & Co, Treuhandgesellschaft
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Kommanditgesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Juli 1992
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisionsstelle. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
10.02.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  von Allmen AG, Treuhandgesellschaft
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. Oktober 2003
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 19.10.2007
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Inhaberaktien
ANZAHL:  100
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. Juni 1997
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 50'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  17. September 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  R2 Automation AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  QUANTUM International Beteiligun

DATUM:  24. Februar 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  MedDia Systems AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  R2 Automation AG


DATUM:  12. Juni 2008
ALTES DOMIZIL:  HiLo Energy AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  MedDia Systems AG


DATUM:  19. Oktober 2007
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Enzeler Daten-Technik AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  HiLo Energy AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                  dacadoo ag;

                                Othmarstrasse 8
                                  Zürich 8008
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  8. Mai 2012
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich

DATUM:  7. Dezember 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich


DATUM:  29. September 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug, Alpenstrasse 4
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0442512323
TELEFAX: 0442510072
INTERNET: www.dacadoo.com
E-MAIL: sales@dacadoo.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 420849191

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 15.11.2010
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 40


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  17. November 2016
 BETEILIGUNG(EN): in den USA, Silicon Valley
AKTIONÄRE: Key-Management (Kapitalanteil 15%)

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Jong Sang Choi
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Surrey (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Südkorea

NAME:  Dr.jur. Alexander Gutmans
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Riehen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel


NAME:  Mark Hoffman
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  San Francisco (CA,US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Matthias Oertle
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Oberwil bei Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Teufen AR


NAME:  Marina von Schönau
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Luzern


NAME:  Peter Ohnemus
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel


NAME:  Kevan Peter Doyle
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Twickenham (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Irland


NAME:  Prof. Dr. Gregor Zünd
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Luzern


NAME:  Oern Stuge
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Saint-Prex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Manuel Heuer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Brügg BE

NAME:  Kenneth Purcell
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Irland


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Peter Ohnemus
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

NAME:  Samsung Venture Investment Corporation
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Paul Frey
ORT:  Rüschlikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

NAME:  Reto Niedermann
ORT:  Rapperswil-Jona
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Winterthur


NAME:  Yago Veith
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schaffhausen

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Produkteentwicklung, Verkauf, Projektimplementierungen und Post-Sales-Bereich
für Digitale Gesundheitsplattformen für die Gesundheitsförderung. Kunden sind
in erster Linie Lebens- und Krankenversicherungen. Diesen wird dann im
firmeneigenen Branding von dacadoo Lösungen (man misst die Gesundheit mit dem
Gesundheitsindex und soll zur Motivation für die persönliche Steuerung der
eigenen Gesundheitbeitragen): Der Gesundheitsindex ist eine
willsenschaftliche Zahl zwischen 1 (tief) und 1'000 (hoch) und basiert
darauf, wer man ist (Körper) , wie man sich fühlt (Befinden) und was man in
seinem Leben tut (Lebensstil); mit der Zeit erhält man dadurch einen guten
Indikator zur momentanen Gesundheit) mit eigenen mobilen und Web Apps
angeboten und dann entweder versicherte Einzelpersonen oder Firmenkunden, die
dann wiederum dacadoo als Lösung im Rahmen der Betrieblichen
Gesundheitsförderung für ihre Mitarbeiter nutzen. Die Daten sind sicher
geschützt infolge kryptographischer Verschlüsslungsmethoden und dann die
Daten in einem Rechenzentrum in der Schweiz zu speichern. Man erflüllt alle
Datenschutzgesetze.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Guter Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Positive Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
62010 - Programmierungstätigkeiten
63120 - Webportale

   Aufbau und Betrieb einer Internet-Plattform zur Erhebung, Messung,
Dokumentation und zum Vergleich von Gesundheitswerten mittels Nutzung von
mobilen Geräten und drahtloser Übertragungstechnologie; vollständige
Zweckumschreibung gemäss Statuten

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2017                  CHF 16.00
2016                  CHF 16.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Peter Ohnemus
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

AKTIONÄR NICHT BESTÄTIGT:
NAME:  Samsung Venture Investment Corporation
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Treuhand von Flüe AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. Oktober 1980
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 70'000.00


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 22'582'962.00
LIBIERUNG:  22'582'962.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Prioritätsaktien
ANZAHL:  12'208'962
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  10'374'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Die Übertragbarkeit der Namenaktien ist nach Massgabe der
Statuten beschränkt.


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. November 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 20'513'997.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 22'582'962.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. November 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 15'686'411.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 20'513'997.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  4. Juni 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'374'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 15'686'411.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. März 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'374'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  25. November 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'239'216.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'000'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Oktober 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'833'685.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'239'216.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. März 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'692'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'833'685.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Dezember 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'692'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  24. Januar 2013
ALTES DOMIZIL:  QUENTIQ AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  dacadoo ag

DATUM:  7. Dezember 2011
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Quentiq AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  QUENTIQ AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 6, 2010 Saturday

Dunbar, Alter clash today in sectional final

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 315 words


Mark Baker stood just outside the Trotwood-Madison boys basketball locker room,
mere feet from the site of the epic game he was discussing.

He brightened at the mention of it.

"Probably the best game I've ever been part of," Baker said after leading his
Rams to a sectional victory on Thursday at UD Arena.

In 1987, the Alter and Dunbar basketball teams clawed to a 106-102
double-overtime decision won by the Wolverines, including Baker, that remains
one of the most notable outcomes in area prep history.

The teams, who have met 25 times, will renew their unique rivalry today, March
6, when they meet in a Division II sectional final at Lebanon High School.

During a phone conversation this week, Alter coach Joe Petrocelli had plenty of
Dunbar memories to share.

"They had a real good team in 1971," Petrocelli said. "That year we held the
tournament draw on TV, on the "Don Donoher Show." Well, it was getting late in
the draw and nobody drew Dunbar. I pulled out Dunbar's pill, and you could hear
laughter in the background.

"I saw some guy at Kroger that night, I didn't know who he was, but he said,
'Hey, it's Mr. Lucky.' "

In the 25 meetings, Alter holds a 15-10 advantage, but no game matches the 1987
classic.

To increase the drama, Dunbar star Kirk Taylor had started his prep career at
Alter as a freshman. Alter's roster included Jeff Graham, the future Ohio State
football player whose nephew, Marcus, is on Baker's Trotwood roster, and Brian
Donoher, son of the former University of Dayton coach who is now the Fairmont
athletic director.

"We made some great defensive stops, and we got a steal late," Baker said. "It
was an amazing game."

And now, the rivalry continues.

"I thought, 'Well, we're gonna have to play somebody good at some point,' "
Petrocelli said. "Of course, now, I wish I was in any other bracket."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday

Hess family proud of Alter tradition

BYLINE: HEREABOUTS ADELE KOEHNEN

SECTION: KETTERING & OAKWOOD; Pg. RD2

LENGTH: 355 words


The current capital fund drive at Archbishop Alter High School is of particular
interest to three south Dayton families named Hess. The 19 Hess children are
alumni or students at the school.

Frances and Christina Hess, the oldest of the six children of Steve and Mary
Hess of Kettering, are graduates of The Franciscan University at Steubenville.
Their sons, Paul, a senior studying biology, and Joseph, a sophomore in pre-law,
are students there.

Frances is a nurse in the operating room at Children's Medical Center and
Christina is a social worker. Jerome is a junior at Alter and his sister, Lucy,
is a freshman.

"We love Alter High School," said Mary Hess. Her husband Steve, agrees.

Steve Hess's brother, David, and his wife, Cecilia of Kettering, are parents of
seven children. Their three oldest daughters: Emily, Laura and Susan, are
graduates of Ohio Northern University. "And they all have jobs," said Cecilia
Hess with a smile.

Molly Hess, 19, is a freshman at Wright State University and Kathy is a junior
at Alter. The two youngest in the family: Carl is a seventh-grader at St.
Charles School and Amy is a third-grader at the school. "Carl and Amy are
looking forward to going to Alter," said David Hess, who is the finance director
and administrator with the Montgomery County Jobs and Family Services.

Thomas and Joanne Hess of Washington Twp. have six children. Their oldest son,
Matthew, is an orthopedic surgeon at a Michigan hospital and a Wright State
University graduate. His brother, Michael, is a dentist in Centerville and an
Ohio State University alumnus. Mark Hess is a premed student at Wright State
University.

Also a Wright State University, graduate, Maryann Hess, is now enrolled in the
Sinclair Community College Police Academy. Miles Hess is a senior at Alter and
his sister, Mikaela, is a sophomore.

Dr. Thomas Hess is an anesthesiologist at the Kettering Medical Center.

Lucille Hess, 87, of Beavercreek, the mother of the three Hess men, joins her
immediate family for dinner once a month at a restaurant, chosen by one of the
couples.

Contact this reporter at (937) 433-1552 or adeleauk4737@sbcglobal.net

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             June 12, 2010 Saturday

Barbara Shelly

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 655 words


The Kansas City Star

McClatchy-Tribune

Just as Hurricane Katrina overwhelmed New Orleans and exposed the fatal flaws of
George W Bush's administration, the BP oil spill will prove the undoing of
Barack Obama's presidency, so the thinking goes. Leaders solve problems, and off
with the heads of those who can't get the job done.

A Gallup poll announced new weekly lows in Obama's approval rating (it averaged
46 per cent) and Republicans spoke cheerily about 2012 election prospects.

To which I offer two observations.

First, anyone who wants to be president of the United States in these times
needs a mental health assessment.

The Associated Press recently tallied up some of the other challenges Obama has
to deal with: the two Koreas edging towards war, an intractable Iran, the terror
threat increasingly felt on US soil, American troops in Afghanistan and Iraq, a
still-fragile economic recovery, a belligerent Wall Street culture, and
non-existent Republican support for energy and immigration reform.

And all that was before Israel's disastrous attempt to stop a flotilla of
activists whipped the Middle East into even more turmoil.

Who in their right mind would want to take personal responsibility for all of
that?

Well, a good number of people, apparently, and some of them are even sane.

Here's the second observation, which is actually more of a prediction: In the
end, Obama's presidency won't be judged on his handling of the Gulf oil spill or
any single crisis. It will be judged on how successfully he handles the
multitude of challenges that come before him.

Jonathan Alter, a Newsweek columnist, recently published a book titled "The
Promise: President Obama, Year One."

On a radio talk show last week, Alter talked about his observations, based on
months of interviewing people close to Obama, reconstructing key events and
interviewing the president.

To his surprise, Alter said, Obama's weakness has turned out to be
communication. He never developed the right vocabulary and story line to
convince the American public to support healthcare reform, for instance. And,
inexplicably, when he visited the Gulf Coast, he passed on a chance to meet with
and console fishermen whose livelihood is at risk from the oil spill.

Obama's greatest strength is also a surprise, Alter said. "His strong suit is
running a meeting."

Alter's reporting revealed a deliberative president who doesn't panic, who is
slow to act on anger, who prepares extensively for every occasion, and who
insists on a decision-making process that strips out emotion and solicits
realistic scenarios and new ideas.

Case in point: The weeks of deliberations that led to the current military
strategy in Afghanistan.

Obama discusses that process in Alter's book: "I had to put up with the
'dithering' arguments from Dick Cheney or others," he is quoted as telling the
author. "But as long as I wasn't shaken by the political chatter, I had the time
to work through all these issues and ask a bunch of tough questions and force
people to sharpen their pencils until we arrived at the best possible solution."

Obama needs to get better at connecting with Americans. But he will never emote
Bill Clinton's empathy or George W Bush's folksiness. He is, first and foremost,
a manager.

For that, the president owes no apologies. So far, his managerial approach has
staved off an economic depression, devised a strategy aimed at avoiding a
quagmire in Afghanistan, and secured historic legislation that will finally save
Americans from facing financial ruin because they get sick.

Americans expect a lot from our presidents, and many people won't be satisfied
until Obama dons scuba gear and dives into the Gulf to personally plug the
leaking oil well. Others will never accept his politics, or his skin colour or
his unusual heritage.

But I think that, in hindsight, a healthy representation of Americans will come
to appreciate a cool-headed president in high-stakes times.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 21, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Alter NRG Corp. (California) on February 21,
2017 titled as "Start-up torch"

LENGTH: 176 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,574,770 on February 21, 2017, to Alter NRG Corp. (California) titled as
"Start-up torch"

Inventors: Santoianni; James (Greensburg, PA), Gorodetsky; Aleksandr (Calgary,
CA)


Assignee: Alter NRG Corp. (Calgary, Alberta, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "An
apparatus includes a tuyere, a plasma torch positioned to inject hot gas into
the tuyere, and a plurality of nozzles configured to inject a combustible
material into the tuyere for combustion of the combustible material within the
tuyere. The apparatus can be used to practice a method including: injecting a
combustible material into a plurality of tuyeres in a wall of a reactor vessel,
using a plasma torch to inject hot gas into the tuyeres to ignite the
combustible material, and directing heat from combustion of the combustible
material into the reactor vessel to preheat the reactor vessel."

The patent was filed on April 11, 2013 Application No. 13/860,662


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                       NRGenerating German Holdings;GmbH

                             Alte Haslenstrasse 29
                                 Teufen AR 9053
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  16. Februar 2004
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Küsnacht, Steinackerstrasse 9
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Teufen, Alte Haslenstrasse 29

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0713335885
TELEFAX: 0713335886

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406745170

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: GmbH / Handelsregistereintrag: 23.05.2001
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  11. Oktober 2012
 FILIALE(N): es bestehen keine
LIIERTE FIRMEN: es bestehen keine
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Lambique Beheer B.V., NL-Amsterdam

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  NRGenerating Luxembourg (No.1) S.à.r.l.
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Luxembourg
LAND:  Luxembourg
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Kevin P. Malcarney
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Camden NJ (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Petrus G.C. van Tol
STELLUNG:  Vorsitzender
ORT:  Küsnacht ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland


NAME:  Robert M. Henry
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Newport Coast (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Leonard A. Bluhm
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Minneapolis (Minnesota)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 07.08.02 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen. ist er/sie
ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Robert Buitendijk
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Nevis (KN)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 06.10.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Richard C. Kelly
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Edina (Minnesota)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 04.07.03 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  David H. Peterson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Minneapolis (Minnesota)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 07.08.02 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen. ist er/sie
ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Renee J. Sass
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Grant (Minnesota)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 23.04.03 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen. ist er/sie
ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Davido Scott
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St. Paul (Minnesota)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 06.10.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  NRGenerating Luxembourg (No.1) S.à.r.l.
ORT:  Luxembourg
LAND:  Luxembourg
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  100
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 21'000.00

NAME:  NRG International III Inc.
ORT:  Wilmington (Delaware)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
15.03.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  NRGenerating International B.V.,
ORT:  Amsterdam
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
28.11.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  JoAnn Cochran
ORT:  Minneapolis (Minnesota)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
16.02.2004 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

NAME:  Anne Ziebell
ORT:  Minneapolis (Minnesota)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.07.03 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Geschäftsbereiche: - Beteiligungen
<7910>

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erfahrungen liegen nicht vor
ENTWICKLUNG:  Erfahrungen liegen nicht vor
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften

   Erwerb, Halten und dauerndes Verwalten von Beteiligungen an anderen
Unternehmen, insbesondere der deutschen Beteiligungen der NRG-Gruppe; übt in der
Schweiz keine Geschäftstätigkeit aus. Die Gesellschaft kann sich an anderen
Unternehmen im In- Und Ausland beteiligen sowie Grundeigentum erwerben und
veräussern.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.40
2015                   CHF 1.40

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. September 1998

NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Angaben über Grundeigentum sind nicht erhältlich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 21'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  21'000.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANZAHL:  01
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 21'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
GV DATUM:  15. März 2004
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 21'000.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  4. Juli 2007
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  GmbH Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 4.69 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 25'386.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 4.67 Mio.


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  1. Juli 2004
ALTES DOMIZIL:  NRGenerating Holdings (No.4)
NEUES DOMIZIL:  NRGenerating German Hold.GmbH
BEMERKUNG ZU NAMENS/DOMIZIL WECHSEL:  volle alte Firmierung: NRGenerating
Holdings (No. 4) GmbH

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

Alter scholarship to honor Tom, Kacie Hausfield

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: BEAVERCREEK FAIRBORN AND XENIA; Pg. RF3

LENGTH: 221 words


Still numb with grief, just a day after the tragic accident, friends of the
Hausfeld family were already brainstorming ways to honor the lives of Tom and
Kacie Hausfeld.

The Springboro father and daughter were killed in a plane crash shortly after
takeoff April 1 at Dayton-Wright Brothers Airport. They are survived by Tom's
wife, Lori, and Kacie's older sister, Ali.

"There were conversations going on in several different circles at the same
time," said Alter volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski. "There were a lot of people
who felt strongly about starting a scholarship fund in their name."

Just a few days later, the fund was in place with the Dayton Foundation. It will
be awarded annually to a graduating Alter High School senior. Specific criteria
for the scholarship will be determined at a later date by the family and the
first recipient will, most likely, be awarded in 2011.

Kacie and Ali were both Alter graduates, in 2007 and 2004, respectively. Both
played for the Knights volleyball team, helping Alter win three state
championships, 2002, 2003 and 2006. Kacie was a University of Dayton junior
education major and a starter on the Flyers volleyball team.

"Tom and Kacie were both very devoted to volleyball and education, so a
scholarship was the logical way to keep their memory alive," family friend Toni
Jasper said.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

Alter scholarship to honor Tom, Kacie Hausfield

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: ENGLEWOOD, TROTWOOD, CLAYTON, BROOKVILLE, UNION AND DAYTON; Pg. RB5

LENGTH: 221 words


Still numb with grief, just a day after the tragic accident, friends of the
Hausfeld family were already brainstorming ways to honor the lives of Tom and
Kacie Hausfeld.

The Springboro father and daughter were killed in a plane crash shortly after
takeoff April 1 at Dayton-Wright Brothers Airport. They are survived by Tom's
wife, Lori, and Kacie's older sister, Ali.

"There were conversations going on in several different circles at the same
time," said Alter volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski. "There were a lot of people
who felt strongly about starting a scholarship fund in their name."

Just a few days later, the fund was in place with the Dayton Foundation. It will
be awarded annually to a graduating Alter High School senior. Specific criteria
for the scholarship will be determined at a later date by the family and the
first recipient will, most likely, be awarded in 2011.

Kacie and Ali were both Alter graduates, in 2007 and 2004, respectively. Both
played for the Knights volleyball team, helping Alter win three state
championships, 2002, 2003 and 2006. Kacie was a University of Dayton junior
education major and a starter on the Flyers volleyball team.

"Tom and Kacie were both very devoted to volleyball and education, so a
scholarship was the logical way to keep their memory alive," family friend Toni
Jasper said.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

Alter scholarship to honor Tom, Kacie Hausfield

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: BELLBROOK & SUGARCREEK TWP; Pg. RE9

LENGTH: 221 words


Still numb with grief, just a day after the tragic accident, friends of the
Hausfeld family were already brainstorming ways to honor the lives of Tom and
Kacie Hausfeld.

The Springboro father and daughter were killed in a plane crash shortly after
takeoff April 1 at Dayton-Wright Brothers Airport. They are survived by Tom's
wife, Lori and Kacie's older sister, Ali.

"There were conversations going on in several different circles at the same
time," said Alter volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski. "There were a lot of people
who felt strongly about starting a scholarship fund in their name."

Just a few days later, the fund was in place with the Dayton Foundation. It will
be awarded annually to a graduating Alter High School senior. Specific criteria
for the scholarship will be determined at a later date by the family and the
first recipient will, most likely, be awarded in 2011.

Kacie and Ali were both Alter graduates, in 2007 and 2004, respectively. Both
played for the Knights volleyball team, helping Alter win three state
championships, 2002, 2003 and 2006. Kacie was a University of Dayton junior
education major and a starter on the Flyers volleyball team.

"Tom and Kacie were both very devoted to volleyball and education, so a
scholarship was the logical way to keep their memory alive," family friend Toni
Jasper said.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 16, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Exposing The Gaps of A Generation

Charles Trueheart, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B7; THE MAGAZINE READER

LENGTH: 1006 words


Thirty-three-year-old Jonathan Alter puts his finger on the conflicted nature of
his generation -- a k a "the middle siblings," a k a "the Nowhere Generation," a
k a "too young for Vietnam, too old for the gulf" -- in the May Esquire. It's a
nomadic finger, really, wandering from his theme of generational paralysis to
the overweening influence of the media (Alter is Newsweek's media correspondent)
and the way power works in Washington. As his rhetorical device, which also
helps get James Spader and John Cusack on the cover, Alter cuts back and forth
to "True Colors," the new movie about ambition, ideals and disillusionment among
Nowhere Generation guys in Washington. It's a heady brew.

It is also, along the way, disrespectful of Alter's elders. Most of the '60s
types have sold out, he argues; they turned out to be the real materialists, not
the younger yuppies they mocked. "The Sixties Generation legitimized hypocrisy,"
Alter writes. "The Seventies Generation legitimized cynicism. ... And in its
better moments, the cynicism was softened into irony. ... For the Nowhere
Generation, irony is compatible with small i idealism, in which saving the world
is replaced by saving a few homeless people down the street -- or at least
saving cans and bottles." Very small i.

Alter has a clever way to compare the generations: "It's like finding out that
the impossibly jaded smirker from your office actually tutors kids on Tuesday
nights. That feels better than, say, finding out that the head of the corporate
trust department was at Woodstock."

Elsewhere in Esquire, you'll be disappointed to find Norman Mailer and Gore
Vidal all but hugging each other in admiration during a one-on-one staged by the
magazine. These two, you'll recall, were once blood enemies. But they got
together to raise money for PEN a few years back, following the honorable
example of Timothy Leary and G. Gordon Liddy doing the lecture circuit together,
and found themselves in damnably pleasant agreement on most things, including
their disagreements. "The Big Schmooze" is beautifully captured by C.F. Payne's
illustration of Norman giving Gore a big smooch on the forehead and a chuck of
the jowls.

The Wimps of War Lotsa Mailer coming down: Over in Vanity Fair, he holds forth
on "How the Wimp Won the War." It's a not very charitable meditation on the role
of testosterone in presidential decision-making and national honor. We're
treated to a familiar Mailer device, the third-person self, and "his"
pronouncements do, come to think of it, sound startlingly Vidalian: "Mailer had
decided that America -- no matter how much of it might still be generous,
unexpected, and full of surprises -- was nonetheless sliding into the first real
stages of fascism."

But that is by the by. Mailer confesses early that "he was on the side of the
war. He could not believe it, but he felt a lifting of his spirit. ... It had
gone beyond morality. Some cures can be found only in the art of the binge. Was
this the phenomenon at work now? Did the country need a war?" And he ends by
warning against a temptation to conclude that the Persian Gulf War has somehow
cleansed us of the shame of the Vietnam War. We need that war too, as a
reminder. Not that we have a choice.

Kid Stuff America's Dirty Little Secret: We Hate Kids declares the cover of
Mother Jones. Of course you know better. But think: Why is it that there's a
dropout every eight seconds of the school day, a runaway every 26 seconds, a
teenager having a baby every 67 seconds? Why do 135,000 children bring guns to
school every day?

Oh. Those kids.

Marian Wright Edelman, founder of the Children's Defense Fund, gets down to
business: "If political leaders don't blink about bailing out savings-and-loan
institutions to the tune of at least $ 160 billion, or spending $ 1 billion a
day on the Persian Gulf war, why should we blink about insisting that they bail
children and families out of poverty at a cost of $ 20 billion annually?"
Another good question.

Edelman's is mainly a stump speech to kick off an impressive May-June package of
articles on children, including a moderately lively forum covering much of the
children's rights agenda; a tale of an affluent white mom and her struggle with
care-giving, "the perverse, uncharted web of social relationships that passes
for child care in this country"; a (flunking) report card on President Bush's
efforts on behalf of children; an account of growing up with lesbian parents; a
photographic essay by Jim Goldberg on runaways; a list of resources ...

The kid with a story to tell in the May Life had a more unusual problem. When he
was 14, he found out that his father's first wife hadn't died of cancer, as he'd
long been told. She'd been strangled. By his father. Lorenzo Carcaterra, from
that revelation forward, had to find out what happened, and what his father had
to say about it. At death's door, his father finally talked. Carcaterra, now in
his mid-thirties, is gutsy to write about it.

Mind Trip The mind of George Kennan, the great diplomat and student of the
Soviet Union, makes for provocative exploration at the hands of David Mayers in
the new (spring) Virginia Quarterly Review. Tracing Kennan's intellectual
lineage to John Winthrop, Walter Lippmann, Reinhold Niebuhr and Alexander
Hamilton, among others, Mayers argues that Kennan's undoubted realism -- applied
as coldly on the United States as on the Soviet Union -- is tempered, and
occasionally undermined, by his romanticism. "The American propensity to
moralize has appeared to Kennan as a substitute for real decency and
intelligence in diplomacy," Mayers writes. Yet Kennan's own "incurably romantic
attachment to the past," his own "conservative utopianism," has made him a bit
of a moralizer himself.

This explains, among other things, why for 60 years he has been more influential
as observer, critic and historian than as a maker of policy.

Virginia Quarterly Review, One West Range, Charlottesville, Va. 22903. Four
issues, $ 15.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Alter NRG Corp. (California) on January 10, 2017
titled as "Process for producing syngas using plasma gasifiers"

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,540,579 on January 10, 2017, to Alter NRG Corp. (California) titled as
"Process for producing syngas using plasma gasifiers"

Inventors: Gorodetsky; Aleksandr (Calgary, CA), Santoianni; James (Greensburg,
PA), Chavda; Surendra (Calgary, CA), Kukadiya; Sureshkumar (Calgary, CA)


Assignee: Alter NRG Corp. (Calgary, Alberta, CA) (California)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
process for gasification of solid feed material to produce a syngas includes:
providing a plasma heated carbonaceous bed in a bottom section of a reactor
vessel; forming a bed of deposited feed material on top of the carbonaceous bed;
reacting the feed material with hot gases rising from the bottom section;
forming, in a middle section of the reactor vessel, a syngas mixture containing
a varying quantity of unreacted particles of the feed material; allowing the
syngas mixture to rise into a top section of the reactor vessel; and at least
partially quenching, by injecting a quench fluid including water, steam, or a
mixture thereof, in a second, upper part of the top section, at least some of
the unreacted particles sufficiently to reduce the number of unreacted particles
exiting the reactor vessel that are likely to be deposited on walls of external
ductwork."

The patent was filed on February 25, 2015 Application No. 14/631,214


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 7, 2005 Monday

Speak Up: Brief comments

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 197 words


* Re "Bill seeks reins on profs in classroom," Feb. 1: I had to laugh when WSU
Professor Paulette Olson said that it was a weak premise that faculty members
are "indoctrinating their students with left-wing ideology." I don't have enough
fingers and toes to count the number of times that I was forced to listen to
some liberal professor rant about Ronald Reagan, George Bush, evil
conservatives, Republicans, etc.

* Re "Flagrantly foul," Feb. 1: I was appalled to read about the verbal taunts
of Alter High School students toward Carroll students. The parents and faculty
of Alter should be ashamed.

* Carroll High School students routinely vandalize Alter's school property and
mascot. What they're doing is criminal versus Alter's verbal abuse.

* Kids have taunted their rivals for many years. The Dayton Daily News is making
much ado about nothing.

* Justice Alice Robie Resnick should be removed from the bench. Anyone driving a
state vehicle while under the influence should never be able to drive a state
vehicle again.

* With Ohio's budget crisis, I find it difficult to comprehend why Justice Alice
Robie Resnick is driving a state-owned vehicle. It's a waste of taxpayer
dollars.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                             March 19, 2012 Monday

Alter Communications gets trustee

BYLINE: by Kelsey Butler

LENGTH: 964 words


A Maryland judge has appointed a Chapter 11 trustee to the bankruptcy case of
Alter Communication Inc. after ruling that a last-minute deal to save the
magazine publisher didn't allow for due diligence.   Judge Nancy Alquist of the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland in Baltimore on March 16
signed an order approving the appointment of a trustee. Zvi Guttman of the Law
Offices of Zvi Guttman PA in Baltimore has been tapped to serve in the role,
court papers show.  The debtor had on March 14 requested that a confirmation
hearing for the company be continued to March 16 so it could work out a deal
with its largest creditor, H.G. Roebuck & Son Inc. Alquist allowed the
continuance, but stopped short of approving a deal that would sell the
publishing company within the week, asserting that there was not enough time for
due diligence, according to Alter publisher Andrew Buerger.  Under the deal
proposed by Alter in court on March 16, the debtor would have sold substantially
all of its assets to WJW Group LLC, the publisher of the Washington Jewish
Times, by March 21 so the company could publish its Baltimore Jewish Times on
Friday, Buerger said.

WJW Group would have made a formal offer for the company March 19.  Buerger said
that Guttman is working on a sale of the company "as soon as possible," likely
within the next 10 days. He added that Alter is operating in the ordinary course
of business and will publish its weekly magazine as usual on Friday, March 23.
Baltimore-based Alter and Roebuck have been in negotiations since March 12 to
devise a plan that worked for both sides.  Before a March 9 confirmation
hearing, both Alter and the creditor had each filed reorganization plans that
included investments from outside parties.   Under Alter's plan, filed Dec. 30,
Baltimorean Scott Rifkin would have led a group of investors willing to put up
$600,000 to fund a reorganization plan.  The investor group would have retained
80% of the equity interests in the reorganized company. The Buerger family, the
debtor's current shareholders, would hold the remaining 20%, and Andrew Buerger
would remain publisher.  On Feb. 22, Roebuck submitted a plan of its own that
would have all of Alter's equity go to a Roebuck-affiliated shareholder in
exchange for an $800,000 investment from WJW Group. Under the plan, a person
designated by WJW would serve as the JT's publisher.  The investor groups had
hoped to reach an arrangement that could be confirmed in court by Friday.  Alter
and Roebuck filed their plans after failing to reach a joint resolution once
before.  Judge James Schneider of the Maryland court had on Sept. 28 ruled that
the parties must submit a joint plan by an Oct. 21 deadline or he would consider
appointing a Chapter 11 trustee to the case.  Schneider then extended the
deadline twice, first to Nov. 25 and then to Dec. 31 at the request of Alter.
Alter and Roebuck failed to come to a compromise over the fate of the publishing
company and each submitted plans of their own.  Meanwhile, Alquist on March 16
signed an order granting Alter permission to access $100,000 in postpetition
financing to fund its operating expenses. Under the terms of the financing from
shareholder Ronnie Buerger, Buerger will retain a superpriority administrative
claim for the amount, court papers said.  Court documents show that both Alter
and Roebuck support the motion - the first time the two have agreed in court
since the debtor filed for bankruptcy on April 14, 2010.  Following an appeal by
Roebuck, Judge Richard D. Bennett of the Maryland court on June 3 reversed
confirmation of Alter's reorganization plan and ended the debtor's exclusive
right to file a plan, citing issues involving shareholders' purchase of stock
under the plan as well as an inability for rival plans to surface.  Schneider
had confirmed the debtor's plan on Dec. 16.  Under the confirmed plan, the
company's shareholders were allowed to purchase 85% of new shares for $34,850 as
part of Alter's newly assessed value, court papers said. A certified public
accountant assessed the value of the reorganized debtor at $41,000 at the
confirmation hearing, which would qualify the Buerger family, Alter's
shareholders, to maintain control of the company for that amount.  Court
documents said Buerger, Alter's CEO, reached out to 15 potential buyers and
received no interest. The debtor also placed eight advertisements in various
print media outlets soliciting interest in the company between Dec. 1 and Dec.
15, according to court papers.   Bennett said in court papers that the ads
didn't offer sufficient information to qualify as a fair market assessment of
the equity.  Alter was founded in 1919, when David Alter began publishing the
Baltimore Jewish Times, a newspaper that reaches 50,000 readers on a weekly
basis. The debtor also publishes Style magazine seven times per year.  Alter had
a 10-year printing contract with H.G. Roebuck that carried rates that were
significantly higher than market value once the economic downturn began. The
debtor asked the printer to adjust the pricing on its agreement and defaulted on
the contract after the creditor declined.  The printer sued Alter in February
2009 in Maryland state court for defaulting on the contract. A judge in that
case granted the printer a $326,125 judgment against Alter, and the debtor filed
for bankruptcy because it didn't have the money to pay the judgment.  In
schedules, the debtor listed $1.02 million in assets and $1.64 million in
liabilities.  Guttman could not immediately be reached for comment. Debtor
counsel, Alan Grochal and Maria Ellena Chavez-Ruark of Tydings & Rosenberg LLP,
and counsel to Roebuck, William Hallam ofRosenberg Martin Greenberg LLP, also
could not be reached.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

Alter, Clinton-Massie run tough;
It'll be a clash of great ground games, tough defense in D-IV Region 16 final.

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 297 words


KETTERING - Now that the Clinton-Massie High School football team got past the
state's top passer, the Falcons can get back into their comfort zone: Running
and defending the run.

It'll be a contest of ground games at 7 p.m. Saturday, Nov. 21, when top-seeded
Clinton-Massie meets second-seeded and state top-ranked Alter in a Division IV,
Region 16 final at Centerville Stadium.

Both undefeated, the teams have stayed at the top of the Dayton Daily News area
D-IV poll for much of the season, and many wondered what would happen if they
played.

Alter has paved the easier path to the final, shutting out Jonathan Alder (42-0)
and Carlisle (41-0) in its first two playoff games. After topping Waynesville
43-0 in its opener, Clinton-Massie last weekend faced fourth-seeded Kenton,
which boasted sophomore quarterback Maty Mauk, the state's top passer.

Even though Clinton-Massie's 27-6 lead to start the fourth quarter shrunk and
Mauk passed for 363 yards, the Falcons won 30-22 to set up the regional final.

"There was a lot of talk that Kenton had the edge," said Alter coach Ed Domsitz.
"It was tough to say, because there aren't a lot of common opponents. Kenton is
a solid football team, and that illustrates how good Clinton-Massie is."

Clinton-Massie running back Jordan Scanlon has totaled 317 yards on 63 carries
in the first two playoff games, and Alter counters with a running game that
produced 335 yards last weekend against Carlisle.

The Knights have won each of their 12 games by at least 15 points, and the
defense has produced three straight shutouts and four in the past five games.

"They prepare well, and they take each week as a new challenge," Domsitz said.
"They've done a great job of being focused."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School running back Justin Winters runs for a score against
Jonathan Alder on Nov. 7 at Roush Stadium in Kettering. The Knights have won
every game this season by at least 15 points. Staff photo by Jim Noelker

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   FEBRUARY 9, 2005 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

Chicago joins WNBA, giving league 14 teams

BYLINE: Mel Greenberg INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 593 words


The WNBA reversed two years of franchise decline yesterday by officially
welcoming Chicago as its 14th city for the 2006 season.

Michael Alter, a real estate developer, paid $10 million for the rights to the
women's professional basketball team, whose nickname will be announced later.

Margaret Stender, a former PepsiCo Inc. executive, is part of Alter's ownership
group and will be the team's chief executive.

The new team will play in the 7,500-seat University of Illinois-Chicago
Pavilion.

"It's exciting," said Penn basketball player Amanda Kammes, a Chicago native.
"The WNBA is drawing more interest. The team is going to play in a great arena.
And Chicago is a great city that embraces its sports teams."

The new team, which will compete in the Eastern Conference, will be stocked next
winter through an expansion draft, then supplemented through the regular draft
in April 2006.

Alter becomes the second WNBA owner not affiliated with an NBA franchise.

Two years ago, the Mohegan Indian tribe, which runs the Mohegan Sun
casino-entertainment complex in Uncasville, Conn., bought the old Orlando
Miracle.

Renamed the Connecticut Sun, the team plays home games in the casino's arena.

The WNBA began as an eight-team league in the summer of 1997, and expanded each
succeeding season until it reached 16 teams for the 2000 season.

In the winter of 2002, the league's business model was altered after several NBA
owners sought to jettison their sister teams.

Until then, the NBA had owned all the teams, with individual NBA teams - such as
the New York Knicks - operating franchises locally.

The new model calls for individual ownership and allows participation outside
NBA circles.

Most NBA teams retained their WNBA sisters. However, the NBA's San Antonio Spurs
bought the Utah franchise from the NBA's Jazz at the same time the Mohegans took
over the Orlando team.

Miami and Portland's teams folded. In 2003, Cleveland also was gone.

Chicago has been considered a hotbed of the sport, and had had several
successful teams in pro leagues that failed.

NBA commissioner David Stern said yesterday that the Chicago market had the best
TV ratings of any city not already home to a WNBA team.

Stern expects the WNBA to be profitable by 2007, and Alter said he expected his
Chicago team to be in the black within three years of its launch.

The commissioner said there was interest from other NBA owners as well as
private investors for future teams. He said expansion was possible again in 2007
and 2008.

The 76ers have not had an interest in the WNBA since Pat Croce left as
president, and there is no known private investor in the region seeking to buy a
women's team.

Stern said the NBA no longer had a specific market model for the future
expansion.

"We're going to let the markets speak for themselves," he said. "With teams in
New York, L.A., Detroit, Chicago and Houston in terms of the so-called larger
markets, and with the great success of a Seattle or a Connecticut, we're
demonstrating [that] size does not matter.

"We're going to do it by situation, whether it's a passionate owner, like a
Michael Alter who has analyzed the investment, or whether it's an existing NBA
team in need of summer programming or [that] has a regional sports network and
is ready to go, or something in between. We are going to begin to demonstrate
certain synergies with arenas, sports networks and sponsorship opportunities."

Contact staff writer Mel Greenberg at 215-854-5725 or mgreenberg@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Athlete of the week Alter High School

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD6

LENGTH: 295 words


Allison Brunner, Alter High School CONTRIBUTED

Name: Allison Brunner School: Alter Grade: Junior Age: 17 Sports: Softball, swim
Claim to fame/honors: Shortstop and leadoff hitter has earned first-team
All-Greater Catholic League since freshman year; team MVP this year; .588
batting average; plays for Miami Valley Express 18U Gold in summer. Bet you
didn't know: I'm a twin. Words you live by: "It's better to be absolutely
ridiculous than absolutely boring." (Marilyn Monroe) Toughest opponent: Hamilton
Badin Biggest influence: My sister, Amanda What's on your bedroom walls:
Bulletin board with pictures of family and friends When I'm bored I like to ...
watch movies. Favorite movie: "Charade" Person who would play you in a movie:
Audrey Hepburn Favorite TV show: "Boy Meets World" Favorite musical artist: Walk
the Moon Favorite book: "If You Give a Mouse a Cookie" by Laura Numeroff
Favorite home-cooked meal: Chicken and rice Favorite restaurant: Steak 'n Shake
Favorite smell: Sweet Pea soap from Bath & Body Works Favorite cereal: Honey
Bunches of Oats

Store where you'd like a shopping spree: Forever 21 Vegetable you won't eat:
Brussels spouts I'd love to trade places for a day with ... Blair Waldorf (the
main character in "Gossip Girl"). Place where you'd love to travel: Galapagos
Islands Talent you'd like to have: Play a musical instrument Favorite school
subject: Science Favorite athlete: Jennie Finch Favorite team: Cincinnati Reds
Favorite Olympic sport: Gymnastics Something in the world I'd like to change:
Animal abuse Favorite sports moment: In 12U, our team won nationals in Virginia.
Favorite junk food: Cookie dough Best thing about softball: Knowing that my
teammates are always there to support me. In 10 years, I hope to be ... a
veterinarian.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Athlete of the week Alter High School

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD8

LENGTH: 281 words


Joe Hartshorn is a senior at Alter High School.

Name: Joe Hartshorn School: Alter Grade: Senior Age: 18 Sports: Lacrosse Claim
to fame/honors: switched positions from attacker to defense; started playing
lacrosse as a freshman; fourth year on team; attending Wright State University
next year to study material engineering Bet you didn't know: I've played just
about every sport Words you live by: I may not like you, but I'll always love
you; honor Toughest opponent: Myself; I always pick out the worst point I do and
push myself harder Biggest influence: My coach freshman year, Mark Brown
Game-day rituals: (I go with two teammates) to Jersey Mike's before the game
What's on your bedroom walls: Military flags When I'm bored I like to: practice
in my yard; house is brick, so I play wall ball. Favorite movie: "Platoon"
Person who would play you in a movie: Johnny Depp Favorite TV show: "American
Dad" Favorite musical artist: Rise Against Favorite book: "Flags of Our Fathers"
Favorite home-cooked meal: Chicken pot pie Favorite restaurant: Outback Favorite
smell: Chocolate chip cookies right out of the oven I'd love to trade places for
a day with: Shaun White Whose brain would you like to pick: General Eisenhower
from WWII Place where you'd love to travel: The Bahamas Talent you'd like to
have: Speaking a language like Chinese Favorite school subject: Physics Favorite
athlete: Sergei Bobrovsky Favorite team: Columbus Blue Jackets Favorite sports
moment: My sophomore year when I was on the hockey team and we beat Centerville
on their senior night Favorite junk food: Skittles Best thing about lacrosse:
The uniqueness of the sport In 10 years, I hope to be: a millionaire

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 23, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths
SCHAAL, MIRIAM (NEE ALTER)

SECTION: Section 8; Page 45; Column 1; Classified

LENGTH: 43 words


SCHAAL-Miriam (nee Alter). Most dearly beloved wife of the late Eric Schaal.
Adored daughter of Dian and the late Benjamin Alter. Dearly loved sister and
aunt of Herb and Ann and Mio Alter. Graveside services Sunday, 1 PM, Wellwood
Cem., Pinelawn, NY.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Paid Death Notice

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 22, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths
SCHAAL, MIRIAM (NEE ALTER)

SECTION: Section D; Page 16; Column 3; Classified

LENGTH: 43 words


SCHAAL-Miriam (nee Alter). Most dearly beloved wife of the late Eric Schaal.
Adored daughter of Dian and the late Benjamin Alter. Dearly loved sister and
aunt of Herb and Ann and Mio Alter. Graveside services Sunday, 1 PM, Wellwood
Cem., Pinelawn, NY.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Paid Death Notice

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                             ALTER ENERGY GROUP AG;

                               Seefeldstrasse 45
                                  Zürich 8008
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  7. Februar 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zumikon
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich

DATUM:  29. Dezember 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Dufourstrasse 32
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zumikon, Grundstrasse 9


DATUM:  10. Dezember 2007
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Bellerivestr. 28
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Dufourstrasse 32

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0445005411
TELEFAX: 0445005412
INTERNET: www.alterenergygroup.com
E-MAIL: info@alterenergygroup.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 408147228

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 21.12.2006
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  5. Oktober 2016
 FILIALE(N): Angaben liegen nicht vor
LIIERTE FIRMEN: Ukraine
AKTIONÄRE: Directors 30.86%
BETEILIGUNG(EN): KEM-Techno Ltd

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Herbert Holy
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hohenau (AT)
LAND:  Oesterreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Oesterreich

NAME:  Edward J. Klaeger IV
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Kiew
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Abdullah Boulad
ORT:  Kloten
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kloten
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 10.12.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Bruno Gerber
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schangnau
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.03.08 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Alexander Besedin
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zaporizhya
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien


NAME:  Hans Ulrich Hess
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zumikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Volodymyr Kukovalskyy
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Kiew
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ukraine


NAME:  Viktor Schnetzer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Jonschwil


NAME:  Leif W. Andersen
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Longboat Key
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Leif W. Andersen
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Longboat Key
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Edward J. Klaeger IV
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Kiew
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Lars Haussmann
ORT:  Herrliberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Herrliberg

NAME:  Thomas Lawson
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Härkingen

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Geschäftsbereich: Akquirieren und Investieren in Firmen und Einrichtungen in
der Ukraine zur Erzeugung erneuerbarer Energie sowie Unternehmen und Anlagen
für die Energieinfrastruktur und -übertragung
Das Unternehmen ist an der
Frankfurter Börse unter dem Symbol "39f" kotiert.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
ENTWICKLUNG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften

   Zweck der Gesellschaft sind direkte oder indirekte Beteiligungen an
Unternehmen der Branchen Energiegewinnung und -verteilung, sowie Zulieferbetrieb
für diese. Die Gesellschaft kann Unternehmen gründen, sich an bestehenden mehr-
oder minderheitlich beteiligen und sie finanzieren sowie Liegenschaften im In-
und Ausland erwerben, belasten und verkaufen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 2.80
2015                   CHF 2.80

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Retreag Revisions AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  22. Mai 1969
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  KGS Treuhand + Consulting AG
ORT:  Zumikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  13. April 1999
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  REFIDAR MOORE STEPHENS AG
ORT:  Opfikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. August 1950
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00


NAME:  Besana AG in Liquidation
ORT:  St.Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. November 2002
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  7. August 2013
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  6. März 2014; Einstellung ma. Aktiven
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisionsstelle. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
06.07.2007 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 410'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  410'000.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  41'000'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. November 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 330'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 410'000.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. März 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 300'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 330'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  20. März 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 300'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  10. Dezember 2007
ALTES DOMIZIL:  FINCON AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  ALTER ENERGY GROUP AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                           Angel Telecom Holding AG;

                                Blegistrasse 11a
                                   Baar 6340
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  5. Oktober 2004
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Bösch 71, Hünenberg
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Blegistr. 11a, Baar

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417674109
INTERNET: www.angel-telecom.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406868641

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 09.09.2004
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 00


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  24. Januar 2017

MITTEILUNGSART:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  5. Februar 2015
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  13. Februar 2015
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Konkursamt Zug, 6301 Zug
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  Widerruf / Aufhebung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  22. März 2016
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  1. April 2016
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Helmut Köchler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kilchberg ZH

NAME:  Peter Waneck
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Unterägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Oesterreich


NAME:  Oswald Ortiz
ORT:  Liestal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.05.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Moritz Züllig
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Romanshorn TG
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.01.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  lic.oec. Pieter R. Danielsson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Erlenbach ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweden
BEMERKUNGEN:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien mit dem Präsidenten.


NAME:  Steffen Dirk Peter Christoph Görig
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  München (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien mit dem Präsidenten.


NAME:  Marius Zimmermann
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ennetbürgen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
29.05.2007 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Angel Telecom Corp.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Angel Telecom AG in Liquidation
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. September 2004
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 450'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  1. Dezember 2014
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  Summarisches Verfahren


GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Nicholas Karatzas
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Athen (GR)
LAND:  Griechenland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Griechenland

NAME:  Ralf Köhler
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Horgen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Aron Marcel Schuster
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Angel Telecom Group
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

LIQUIDATOR:
NAME:  Prorevi Properties AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  18. Oktober 1996
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  <450> Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.10.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Monika Staub
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Menzingen

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Der Anschluss lautet auf die Angel Telecom.

EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften

   Erwerb und Verwaltung von in- und ausländischen Beteiligungen im Sinne einer
Holdinggesellschaft sowie Übernahme von Management-, Kontroll- und
Koordinationsfunktionen; vollständige Zweckumschreibung gemäss Statuten.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 12.00
2015                  CHF 13.00
2014                  CHF 13.00
2013                  CHF 13.00
2009                  CHF 12.70
2008                  CHF 13.08
2007                  CHF 12.59

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe. Umsatz laut Selbstangabe. 01.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Angel Telecom Corp.
ORT:  USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Angel Telecom AG in Liquidation
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. September 2004
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 450'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  1. Dezember 2014
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  Summarisches Verfahren

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Retreag Revisions AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  22. Mai 1969
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00


NAME:  Sikura Revisionsgesellschaft AG
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. Juni 1989
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.04.2008
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Treureva AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Dezember 1982
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00


NAME:  keine/aucune/no
STELLUNG:  Keine
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 458'236.20
LIBIERUNG:  443'236.20 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Inhaberaktien
ANZAHL:  45'823'620
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Genehmigte Kapitalerhöhung durch Verrechnung von Forderungen
von CHF 775'200.00, wofür 600'000 Inhaberaktien zu CHF 0.01 ausgegeben werden.

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. Februar 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 443'236.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 458'236.20

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. April 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 437'236.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 443'236.20


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. März 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 408'950.70
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 437'236.20


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Januar 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 408'950.70


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  31. März 2016
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Angel Telecom Holding AG in Liqu
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Angel Telecom Holding AG

DATUM:  12. Februar 2015
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Angel Telecom Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Angel Telecom Holding AG in Liqu


DATUM:  11. Januar 2013
ALTES DOMIZIL:  NT Network Telecom Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Angel Telecom Holding AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 3, 2005 Thursday

Alter, UD grad now IU coach

BYLINE: Dave Lamb

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-14

LENGTH: 494 words


Nina Di-Guardi was always a difference-maker with her intelligence and
steadiness with the Alter High School and University of Dayton soccer programs.

She's still applying those traits to her sport at Indiana University, where she
serves as an assistant coach while she pursues a master's degree in public
administration with a concentration on nonprofits.

DiGuardi received a fellowship at IU after earning Academic All-America honors
with a 3.97 grade-point average at UD, where she majored in political science.

She graduated summa cum laude.

The former Flyer captain beat out a large pool of candidates for the coaching
spot, even though it's an unpaid position.

It's a natural progression for DiGuardi, who was like a coach on the field at
UD.

The stopper helped the Flyers reach the NCAA tournament the first three times in
school history. They reached the Sweet 16 in 2002.

Her demeanor on the field was recognized by her teammates twice with the Stacy
Martin Sportsmanship Award.

While at UD, she also served an internship with the Mathile Foundation, which
influenced her academic path at Indiana.

The daughter of Bob and Kathie DiGuardi of Washington Twp. follows her older
brother, Gino, to IU.

Gino, who was Ohio Division II player of the year at Alter, was a four-year
starter and a senior captain with the powerful Hoosier men's soccer program.

He played on two Final Four teams, including with the national champions in his
senior season.

The 1999 marketing graduate now lives in Indianapolis, where he owns and
operates a wholesale furniture store.

Elks buck trend of rival teams

Did Centerville High School face a stacked deck when they pursued their sixth
trip to the state gymnastics meet in seven years?

The Elks defeated Cincinnati Turpin and Anderson early in the season, but they
knew the results could be drastically different when they faced each other again
at the district championships.

What was different?

The Cincinnati teams added some elite gymnasts who had been training and
competing for their private clubs until the holidays. That scenario plays out
every year and is within the rules, but it's a path Centerville coach Christy
Moore chooses not to follow.

"Other teams are bringing in new kids in February," she said. "It's becoming
more commonplace."

Moore adopted the philosophy of former Centerville coach Linda Madden.

"We don't allow anyone to join after the season starts," Moore said. "It's
unfair to the girls who are there from the beginning."

Centerville's 13 gymnasts all came from club programs, but they were with the
Elks all season.

Knights earn top seed at girls hoops sectional

Wasn't this a rebuilding year for the Alter High School girls basketball team?

Even though the Knights didn't have a single full-time starter back from last
year's 19-5 squad, they earned the top seed in the sectional tournament at
Springboro.

Alter won the sectional title with a 50-39 win over Franklin.

Contact Dave Lamb at 847-8435 or e-mail d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 19, 2008 Friday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Isle of Capri chairman hits jackpot: Gaming Hall of Fame

BYLINE: Deb Peterson

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 688 words


GOLDSTEIN ISLE: Rob and Susan Goldstein and Rich and Isabel Goldstein, all of
Frontenac, were in Las Vegas this week to see father Goldstein - Bernard -
chairman of Isle of Capri Casinos Inc., be inducted into the American Gaming
Hall of Fame. Also on hand was son Jeff Goldstein, his wife, Reggie, and their
daughter Samantha, all of Bettendorf, Iowa; and daughter Kathy Goldstein from
Belleview, Wash., who attended with her sons Josh and Nathan Milan. Rob and
Susan's son, Michael Goldstein, now a resident of Florida, was also at the
ceremony. Bernard lives in Florida and Iowa. Other inductees included boxing
promoters Don King and Bob Arum and celebrity chef Emeril Lagasse. Rob is the
topper of Alter Trading and a member of the board of Isle of Capri Casinos; Rich
is the prez of Alter Energy LLC, and exec veep of Alter Co.

HIGH NOTES: Our town's George Noory, who commutes between St. Louis and Los
Angeles for his nationally syndicated radio show Coast to CoastAM (broadcast
locally on KTRS-AM), had some drinks recently at the Four Seasons Hotel on the
left coast with James Gandolfini. Gandolfini, who had lots of other roles before
hitting his stride as Tony Soprano on "The Sopranos," was there with his new
bride, model Deborah Lin. The couple were married Aug. 31 in her hometown of
Honolulu. As the Gandolfinis were about to leave, Noory wanted to be kind to the
newlyweds so he offered to pick up their tab. After a bit of back and forth,
Gandolfini said OK, thanks and left with Lin. When Noory asked the bartender for
the bill, the bartender told him it was $5,000. After witnessing Noory's near
stroke, the barkeep told him the real price - less than a Benjamin!

JAZZ IN CLAYTON: Although Steve Schankman's Finale shuttered some time ago, jazz
will reign once more at Clayton on the Park, which formerly housed Finale.
Conrad Properties (which owns the building) and Sunrise Senior Living of McLean,
Va., have partnered in a $12.5 million renovation and celebrated its VIP grand
opening Thursday night. Among a host of improvements, the building will now have
two restaurants that will be open to the public and a rooftop veranda where
musicians will perform, Jenny Rupp, director of sales, said Thursday. The
restaurants are the Signature Room, which is formal dining on the second floor;
and the Shaw Park Bistro, which is also on the second floor at the west end
overlooking Shaw Park. Scheduled to perform for the opening were the Ben Wheeler
Jazz Trio with Wheeler, Willie Akins and Matt Villinger on the veranda;
guitarist Dave Black on the third floor; and Carol Schmidt and Ric Vice in the
Signature Room.

BENNIFER REDUX: Our town's "Ben and Jen" tied the knot recently at St. Cecilia's
Catholic Church in south St. Louis. Ben Rosario, a marathon runner and co-owner
of Big River Running Co., and Jennifer Tesmer of Harrisonville, Mo., also a
runner, were married by the Rev. William F. Vatterott, a running friend of
theirs. Rosario, 28, is a 1998 St. Louis U. High grad and the son of Frank and
Linda Rosario of St. Louis. Tesmer, 27, works for GO! St. Louis and is the
daughter of Michael and Kathleen Tesmer of Harrisonville. After he performed the
ceremony, Vatterott headed off to run in a 10-mile race.

WHO'S THE BOSS: Alyssa Milano will be at Busch Stadium next Friday to show off
her TOUCH Fashion Collection, which includes a line of Cardinals fashions for
women. Milano will sign autographs and greet fans beginning at 5:30 p.m. at the
Cardinals Team Store. Milano says she created the fashion line for women who
love sports and want to be "comfy but still stylish." She added: "Cardinals fans
are known for their passion for their team, and I was inspired to create the
TOUCH collection for exactly that kind of fan."

Major League Baseball and G-III Sports partnered with Milano to bring her
collection to baseball stadiums across the country. Vouchers to get an autograph
from Milano are available to people who purchase TOUCH clothing before the
autograph session. A limited number of gift signings will be available. For more
information, contact: lhoernig@dncinc.com or stheabol@dncinc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 1, 2005 Tuesday

Andy Strobhar left glow on Alter students

BYLINE: Dale Huffman

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 582 words


At 7:30 Friday night, before the basketball game on Alter's home floor between
the Alter Knights and Cincinnati Roger Bacon, football jersey No. 23, which
belonged to Andrew "Andy" David Strobhar, will be retired in what promises to be
a touching ceremony.

Andy, who was 17 and a senior at Alter High School, was killed in an automobile
accident on Interstate 675 on the evening of Dec. 21, the night before the
heaviest Christmas week snow started. While driving north, he lost control of
his car, which flipped a few times, crossed the median and landed in the way of
oncoming traffic.

The crash was caught on videotape, which was shown a number of times on the
Weather Channel as Dayton fought the record snowfall of 2004. Andy was
pronounced dead at the scene.

On the evening of the fatal crash, even though it was cold and snowing, and the
school was in recess for the holidays, about 150 students spontaneously showed
up in the school parking lot at 940 East David Road in Kettering.

"This is the age of cell phones," said the Rev. Eric Bowman, the school's
chaplain. "Word spreads quickly, and the young people brought candles and
flashlights and wanted to share the loss together."

Bowman said he led the group in prayer, and as the night wore on and became
colder and snowier, more students kept arriving. He opened nearby St. Charles
Church so students could gather inside.

"I stayed until 3:30 a.m. - until the final student left. What an emotional
night it was, and a tribute to ... how much Andy was loved."

According to Kirsten MacDougal, director of communications for Alter, Andy was a
good student and an outstanding athlete. "His passion was football," she said.
"He lettered this year. Andy also was an artist, was involved in the theater
program and took part in a number of school plays."

"Andy was probably one of the warmest young men you will meet," Bowman said. "He
was famous for his hugs. He gave good hugs. "

Andy is survived by two sisters, Kate and Stephanie, and his parents, David and
Karen Strobhar.

In a letter to the Alter family, the Strobhars wrote: "As we struggled to
understand 'why,' you quietly helped us to understand that there is no answer to
'why.'Your outpouring of love made us realize that in the absence of an answer
to the question, there was the simple truth that God gives us friends to wrap us
up and comfort us until the burning in our hearts begins to calm.

"Through your words, your hugs, and your tears, you helped us understand the
message that Andy would have most wanted us to understand: 'Reach out to one
another, help one another, and give to one another.' ''

As the school community prepares to honor Andrew by retiring his football
number, students have left personal messages in a notebook for the family.

One girl wrote: "When I was a freshman and very nervous about being in high
school, the pop machine ate my dollar. Andrew didn't even know me, but gave me
another dollar."

Another student said, "I've never known a nicer person ... he loved the person,
not the face."

And then from yet another friend: "Andy's smile will continue to illuminate our
souls. His spirit is within us."

Dale Huffman would like to share a story about you, your family, or a friend
that you find touching or humorous. This column is for you. Got a story about
your child? Have you seen the works of a Good Samaritan? Send e-mail to dhuffman
@ DaytonDailyNews.com or write to him at 45 S. Ludlow St., Dayton, OH 45402.
Fax: (937) 225-2489. Phone: (937) 225-2272.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DAYTON DAILY NEWS ANDREW STROBHAR, 17, a senior at Alter High School,
was killed in a car crash in December.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Half-time crowd-pleasers;
Alter Marching Knights capture many awards.;
FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE KETTERING/MIAMI VALLEY

BYLINE: By Pamela Dillon

SECTION: ; Pg. OZSD1

LENGTH: 660 words


The 2016 Archbishop Alter Marching Knights and Color Guard.

It's halftime at a high school football game. There are three reasons why you
shouldn't leave your seat and head for the concession stand: staying warm, the
possibility of losing your seat and the best reason of all - watching the bands
perform their halftime shows. This past year, this was especially true at Alter
High School football games.

"This season really was a succession of our best performances. Each time we
performed, we learned things, progressed and got better," said 10-year band
director Todd Tucker, a Springboro resident. "Our best performances then all
came at the end of the season at Bands of America Grand Nationals. We performed
our show 'Ghost Story' beautifully each time."

The 2016 Marching Knights include 35 student musicians and 12 color-guard
members. The band members include students from Kettering and a number of
surrounding communities: Bellbrook, Centerville, Miamisburg, Lebanon, Springboro
and Waynesville. You might be surprised to learn that two of these musicians
play guitars and electric bass.

"Our show was very intricate this year. I loved the opportunity to perform on
electric bass, as well as electric and acoustic guitar," said Joey Liechty.
"This show really allowed me to connect with the audience. I had a solo at the
end of the show that captured the moment we wanted."

In addition to the traditional marching band wind instruments, they use an
entirely stationary percussion and rhythm section that includes marimbas,
vibraphones, xylophones, bells, drums, synthesizer keyboards and the guitars.

ProudbandparentTimMcHenry of Miamisburg sent in the contest stats for this past
season. Placed 1st in Class A at the Dayton Regional, Welcome Stadium on Sept.
24. Placed 1st in Class A at the St. Louis Super-regional,TheDomeatAmerica's
Center, on Oct. 21-22. Alter won their fifth consecutive Class A Championship at
Shea Stadium in Norwood, sweeping all five divisions: best music, best color
guard, best percussion, best visual, and best general effect. They brought back
semi-finalist and 3rd Place Class A winner trophies from the Grand National
Championships, Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Nov. 10-12.

"It really comes down to the hard work and commitment of the students. We are
very blessed with a very supportive school administration and music parent
booster group," Tucker said."They make it very easy for our staff and kids to
design, create and execute at a very high level. Hard work and dedication in
that supportive environment tends to lead to great achievements."

The Alter Marching Knights' competition program "Ghost Story" featured "Danse
Macabre" by Camille Saint-Saens, Mozart's Requiem, and the music of Stephen
Sondheim. "Danse Macabre" is a haunting melody with many changes in tempo. It
took 200 hours of practice just to learn the basic performance.

"Even between our prelims, performance and semi-finals at nationals, we
continued to adjust and tweak things to maximize the performance," Tucker said.
"We have an incredible music and color-guard staff with a true passion for
teaching, creating and innovation. We really do have a team effort when it comes
to creating the shows."

Tucker credits many people with the band's success. He collaborated with Michael
Cesario to develop the show's concept and musical storyboard. He worked with Tim
Hinton on the music arrangements and pacing. Percussion director Josh Carpenter
helped write the percussion section.

The visual concepts come together when Tucker writes the staging and movement
for each member on the field. His wife, Lauren, is assistant director and writes
the body work for the band members. Guard director Amanda Miller and guard staff
Shelby Klamert and Megan Sears create the guard's visual package.

"Also, our student leadership and seniors set the bar high to achieve, and they
did just that," Tucker said.

Contact this contributing writer at

PamDillon@woh.rr.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Half-time crowd-pleasers;
Alter Marching Knights capture many awards.;
FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE KETTERING/MIAMI VALLEY

BYLINE: By Pamela Dillon

SECTION: ; Pg. OZSR1

LENGTH: 660 words


The 2016 Archbishop Alter Marching Knights and Color Guard.

It's halftime at a high school football game. There are three reasons why you
shouldn't leave your seat and head for the concession stand: staying warm, the
possibility of losing your seat and the best reason of all - watching the bands
perform their halftime shows. This past year, this was especially true at Alter
High School football games.

"This season really was a succession of our best performances. Each time we
performed, we learned things, progressed and got better," said 10-year band
director Todd Tucker, a Springboro resident. "Our best performances then all
came at the end of the season at Bands of America Grand Nationals. We performed
our show 'Ghost Story' beautifully each time."

The 2016 Marching Knights include 35 student musicians and 12 color-guard
members. The band members include students from Kettering and a number of
surrounding communities: Bellbrook, Centerville, Miamisburg, Lebanon, Springboro
and Waynesville. You might be surprised to learn that two of these musicians
play guitars and electric bass.

"Our show was very intricate this year. I loved the opportunity to perform on
electric bass, as well as electric and acoustic guitar," said Joey Liechty.
"This show really allowed me to connect with the audience. I had a solo at the
end of the show that captured the moment we wanted."

In addition to the traditional marching band wind instruments, they use an
entirely stationary percussion and rhythm section that includes marimbas,
vibraphones, xylophones, bells, drums, synthesizer keyboards and the guitars.

ProudbandparentTimMcHenry of Miamisburg sent in the contest stats for this past
season. Placed 1st in Class A at the Dayton Regional, Welcome Stadium on Sept.
24. Placed 1st in Class A at the St. Louis Super-regional,TheDomeatAmerica's
Center, on Oct. 21-22. Alter won their fifth consecutive Class A Championship at
Shea Stadium in Norwood, sweeping all five divisions: best music, best color
guard, best percussion, best visual, and best general effect. They brought back
semi-finalist and 3rd Place Class A winner trophies from the Grand National
Championships, Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Nov. 10-12.

"It really comes down to the hard work and commitment of the students. We are
very blessed with a very supportive school administration and music parent
booster group," Tucker said."They make it very easy for our staff and kids to
design, create and execute at a very high level. Hard work and dedication in
that supportive environment tends to lead to great achievements."

The Alter Marching Knights' competition program "Ghost Story" featured "Danse
Macabre" by Camille Saint-Saens, Mozart's Requiem, and the music of Stephen
Sondheim. "Danse Macabre" is a haunting melody with many changes in tempo. It
took 200 hours of practice just to learn the basic performance.

"Even between our prelims, performance and semi-finals at nationals, we
continued to adjust and tweak things to maximize the performance," Tucker said.
"We have an incredible music and color-guard staff with a true passion for
teaching, creating and innovation. We really do have a team effort when it comes
to creating the shows."

Tucker credits many people with the band's success. He collaborated with Michael
Cesario to develop the show's concept and musical storyboard. He worked with Tim
Hinton on the music arrangements and pacing. Percussion director Josh Carpenter
helped write the percussion section.

The visual concepts come together when Tucker writes the staging and movement
for each member on the field. His wife, Lauren, is assistant director and writes
the body work for the band members. Guard director Amanda Miller and guard staff
Shelby Klamert and Megan Sears create the guard's visual package.

"Also, our student leadership and seniors set the bar high to achieve, and they
did just that," Tucker said.

Contact this contributing writer at PamDillon@woh.rr.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Half-time crowd-pleasers;
Alter Marching Knights capture many awards.;
FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE KETTERING/MIAMI VALLEY

BYLINE: By Pamela Dillon

SECTION: ; Pg. OZSR1

LENGTH: 660 words


The 2016 Archbishop Alter Marching Knights and Color Guard.

It's halftime at a high school football game. There are three reasons why you
shouldn't leave your seat and head for the concession stand: staying warm, the
possibility of losing your seat and the best reason of all - watching the bands
perform their halftime shows. This past year, this was especially true at Alter
High School football games.

"This season really was a succession of our best performances. Each time we
performed, we learned things, progressed and got better," said 10-year band
director Todd Tucker, a Springboro resident. "Our best performances then all
came at the end of the season at Bands of America Grand Nationals. We performed
our show 'Ghost Story' beautifully each time."

The 2016 Marching Knights include 35 student musicians and 12 color-guard
members. The band members include students from Kettering and a number of
surrounding communities: Bellbrook, Centerville, Miamisburg, Lebanon, Springboro
and Waynesville. You might be surprised to learn that two of these musicians
play guitars and electric bass.

"Our show was very intricate this year. I loved the opportunity to perform on
electric bass, as well as electric and acoustic guitar," said Joey Liechty.
"This show really allowed me to connect with the audience. I had a solo at the
end of the show that captured the moment we wanted."

In addition to the traditional marching band wind instruments, they use an
entirely stationary percussion and rhythm section that includes marimbas,
vibraphones, xylophones, bells, drums, synthesizer keyboards and the guitars.

ProudbandparentTimMcHenry of Miamisburg sent in the contest stats for this past
season. Placed 1st in Class A at the Dayton Regional, Welcome Stadium on Sept.
24. Placed 1st in Class A at the St. Louis Super-regional,TheDomeatAmerica's
Center, on Oct. 21-22. Alter won their fifth consecutive Class A Championship at
Shea Stadium in Norwood, sweeping all five divisions: best music, best color
guard, best percussion, best visual, and best general effect. They brought back
semi-finalist and 3rd Place Class A winner trophies from the Grand National
Championships, Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Nov. 10-12.

"It really comes down to the hard work and commitment of the students. We are
very blessed with a very supportive school administration and music parent
booster group," Tucker said."They make it very easy for our staff and kids to
design, create and execute at a very high level. Hard work and dedication in
that supportive environment tends to lead to great achievements."

The Alter Marching Knights' competition program "Ghost Story" featured "Danse
Macabre" by Camille Saint-Saens, Mozart's Requiem, and the music of Stephen
Sondheim. "Danse Macabre" is a haunting melody with many changes in tempo. It
took 200 hours of practice just to learn the basic performance.

"Even between our prelims, performance and semi-finals at nationals, we
continued to adjust and tweak things to maximize the performance," Tucker said.
"We have an incredible music and color-guard staff with a true passion for
teaching, creating and innovation. We really do have a team effort when it comes
to creating the shows."

Tucker credits many people with the band's success. He collaborated with Michael
Cesario to develop the show's concept and musical storyboard. He worked with Tim
Hinton on the music arrangements and pacing. Percussion director Josh Carpenter
helped write the percussion section.

The visual concepts come together when Tucker writes the staging and movement
for each member on the field. His wife, Lauren, is assistant director and writes
the body work for the band members. Guard director Amanda Miller and guard staff
Shelby Klamert and Megan Sears create the guard's visual package.

"Also, our student leadership and seniors set the bar high to achieve, and they
did just that," Tucker said.

Contact this contributing writer at PamDillon@woh.rr.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Half-time crowd-pleasers;
Alter Marching Knights capture many awards.;
FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE KETTERING/MIAMI VALLEY

BYLINE: By Pamela Dillon

SECTION: ; Pg. OZSD1

LENGTH: 660 words


The 2016 Archbishop Alter Marching Knights and Color Guard.

It's halftime at a high school football game. There are three reasons why you
shouldn't leave your seat and head for the concession stand: staying warm, the
possibility of losing your seat and the best reason of all - watching the bands
perform their halftime shows. This past year, this was especially true at Alter
High School football games.

"This season really was a succession of our best performances. Each time we
performed, we learned things, progressed and got better," said 10-year band
director Todd Tucker, a Springboro resident. "Our best performances then all
came at the end of the season at Bands of America Grand Nationals. We performed
our show 'Ghost Story' beautifully each time."

The 2016 Marching Knights include 35 student musicians and 12 color-guard
members. The band members include students from Kettering and a number of
surrounding communities: Bellbrook, Centerville, Miamisburg, Lebanon, Springboro
and Waynesville. You might be surprised to learn that two of these musicians
play guitars and electric bass.

"Our show was very intricate this year. I loved the opportunity to perform on
electric bass, as well as electric and acoustic guitar," said Joey Liechty.
"This show really allowed me to connect with the audience. I had a solo at the
end of the show that captured the moment we wanted."

In addition to the traditional marching band wind instruments, they use an
entirely stationary percussion and rhythm section that includes marimbas,
vibraphones, xylophones, bells, drums, synthesizer keyboards and the guitars.

ProudbandparentTimMcHenry of Miamisburg sent in the contest stats for this past
season. Placed 1st in Class A at the Dayton Regional, Welcome Stadium on Sept.
24. Placed 1st in Class A at the St. Louis Super-regional,TheDomeatAmerica's
Center, on Oct. 21-22. Alter won their fifth consecutive Class A Championship at
Shea Stadium in Norwood, sweeping all five divisions: best music, best color
guard, best percussion, best visual, and best general effect. They brought back
semi-finalist and 3rd Place Class A winner trophies from the Grand National
Championships, Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Nov. 10-12.

"It really comes down to the hard work and commitment of the students. We are
very blessed with a very supportive school administration and music parent
booster group," Tucker said."They make it very easy for our staff and kids to
design, create and execute at a very high level. Hard work and dedication in
that supportive environment tends to lead to great achievements."

The Alter Marching Knights' competition program "Ghost Story" featured "Danse
Macabre" by Camille Saint-Saens, Mozart's Requiem, and the music of Stephen
Sondheim. "Danse Macabre" is a haunting melody with many changes in tempo. It
took 200 hours of practice just to learn the basic performance.

"Even between our prelims, performance and semi-finals at nationals, we
continued to adjust and tweak things to maximize the performance," Tucker said.
"We have an incredible music and color-guard staff with a true passion for
teaching, creating and innovation. We really do have a team effort when it comes
to creating the shows."

Tucker credits many people with the band's success. He collaborated with Michael
Cesario to develop the show's concept and musical storyboard. He worked with Tim
Hinton on the music arrangements and pacing. Percussion director Josh Carpenter
helped write the percussion section.

The visual concepts come together when Tucker writes the staging and movement
for each member on the field. His wife, Lauren, is assistant director and writes
the body work for the band members. Guard director Amanda Miller and guard staff
Shelby Klamert and Megan Sears create the guard's visual package.

"Also, our student leadership and seniors set the bar high to achieve, and they
did just that," Tucker said.

Contact this contributing writer at

PamDillon@woh.rr.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Athlete of the week Alter High School

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD6

LENGTH: 275 words


Brad Schockman plays baseball at Alter High School.

Name: Brad Schockman School: Alter Grade: Senior Age: 17 Sports: Baseball Claim
to fame/honors: Springboro resident participated in the Bob Ross Classic at
Fifth Third Field for top incoming seniors; will be three-year varsity pitcher
and second baseman; honor roll student with 4.1 grade-point average and 33 on
ACT Bet you didn't know ... I can do a Rubik's cube in under a minute Words you
live by: Live hard or die trying. Toughest opponent: Bell-brook this year
Biggest influence: My dad Game-day rituals: Always throw with same person; have
barbecue sunflower seeds What's on your bedroom walls: Baseballs signed by the
Reds; Reds hats and helmet When I'm bored I like to ... go golfing Favorite
movie: "21 Jump Street,: "22 Jump Street" Person who would play you in a movie:
Morgan Freeman Favorite TV show: "Big Bang Theory," "Chopped" on the Food
Network Favorite musical artist: Any country music Favorite book: "The Hunger
Games" Favorite home-cooked meal: Steak Favorite restaurant: Olive Garden I'd
love to trade places for a day with ... LeBron James Whose brain would you like
to pick? My high school math teacher, Mr. ( Jim) Peters Place where you'd love
to travel?

Paris Talent you'd like to have? Play the piano Favorite school subject: Math
Something in the world you'd like to change: Good weather at all times Favorite
athlete: Todd Frazier Favorite team: Cincinnati Reds Favorite sports moment:
Hitting a homer in batting practice, only homer I've ever hit Favorite junk
food: Star-burst Best thing about baseball: When you lose, you get to come back
the next day and try again.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

Convicted child molester faces child porn charge

BYLINE: Lindsey Ziliak, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


Aug. 25--LOGANSPORT -- A convicted child molester is now accused of having child
pornography.

Fifty-nine-year-old Michael R. Alter of Logansport was arrested Tuesday by a
deputy U.S. marshal and faces a federal charge of one count of possession of
child pornography. According to Indiana's sex offender database, Alter has six
convictions for child molest from January 1988 to July 1993.

His most recent arrest stemmed from an incident that occurred Aug. 16, 2006,
records state. Mary Hatton, spokeswoman for the U.S. District Attorney's office
in northern Indiana, said she couldn't say why five years elapsed before Alter
was arrested.

Federal court records do not give details of the allegations against Alter.

Records only state that officers seized a desktop computer from him.

Hatton would not disclose additional information related to the incident. She
said she could not discuss anything that wasn't already in public domain, such
as court documents.

She said the Indiana State Police initiated the investigation. A phone message
left with a public information officer there was not returned Wednesday.

The sex offender database states that Alter was convicted of two counts of child
molest in Howard County and four counts of child molest in Shelby County. He was
released from prison in November 1998.

He is listed in the sex offender registry as a sexually violent predator.

His most recent reported address was 324 McKee St. in Logansport.

Alter remains in jail, pending a detention hearing today at 1 p.m. in the U.S.
District Court in South Bend.

--Lindsey Ziliak is a staff writer at the Pharos-Tribune. She can be reached at
574-732-5148 or lindsey.ziliak@pharostribune.com

___ (c)2011 Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit Pharos-Tribune (Logansport,
Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110825-LG-Convicted-child-molester-faces-child-porn-charge-0825-20110825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2011 Pharos-Tribune


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                          September 17, 2005 Saturday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

Player B-CC punt conference best in 2005

BYLINE: ANDREW MIKULA - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 486  words


PALM COAST Bethune-Cookman punter Davis Player is enjoying a solid start to the
2005 season for the Wildcats. In two games, the 2002 FPC graduate has 15 punts
for a 39.2 yard average, dropping six of those kicks inside the 20 yard line.
Hes not been blocked this year and his longest punt, a 50-yard boot last week in
B-CCs win over Arkansas- Pine Bluff, is also the longest punt in the MEAC this
season.

Another Wildcat player, Christopher Robinson, has started both games for B-CC
this year. Robinson, a redshirt junior defensive end/ weakside linebacker, has
one solo tackle for a two yard loss and seven assisted tackles. The 6-1,
229-pound Robinson also has two quarterback hurries, according to BCCs official
statistics. CROSS COUNTRY Four ex-Flagler Palm Coast cross country runners
placed for their respective teams last week at the Gator/Mountain Dew
Invitational at the University of Florida. Brandon Anderson had the best finish
(27th overall) in either collegiate race during the cross country extravaganza
on UFs University Golf Course. Anderson, a junior at the University of North
Florida ran 26:16 in the 8- kilometer event to lead the UNF Ospreys for the
second straight meet. UNF was sixth overall. Also competing in the mens race
were Jonathan Alter of Florida Southern and Clint Bentley of Stetson, while
Florida Southern freshman J.D. Vazquez placed for the Lady Mocs in the 5-K
womens event. Alter, a junior at Florida Southern, was 48th in the field and
fifth for the Moccasins with a 27:05. Bentley, a sophomore, was the lead runner
for the Stetson Hatters and 75th in the mens race while posting a time of 28:06.
Alters team was fourth overall and Stetson placed 11th. All three of the former
Bulldog runners were part of FPCs back-to-back state championship teams in 2001
and 2002. In the womens race, Vazquez posted a time of 20:31 for her second
straight scoring performance of the 2005 collegiate cross country season.
Florida Southern was fifth in the womens Gator Invite. Host Florida dominated
both races. Two female FPC alums raced Sept. 10 at the FIT Cross Country
Invitational at Wickham Park in Melbourne. Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University
freshman Jen Haydt competed in her first collegiate race and posted a time of
24:41 (48th place), while Palm Beach Atlantic University junior April Neuhart
(FPC 2003) was 50th with a time of 25:42. Meanwhile in South Carolina, 2003 FPC
graduate Tina DeYoe was second on her team and 12th overall running for
Presbyterian College at the Lander University/Connie Maxwell Invitational at
Lander. DeYoe, a junior on the Blue Hose womens team, ran 21:39.VOLLEYBALL Katie
Drabczyk has made the varsity roster of Webber Internationals volleyball team in
her first season there. The 6-1 junior, a 2003 graduate of FPC, played two
seasons at St. Johns River Community College in Palatka. To date, Drabczyk has
not seen action on the court for Webber.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Davis Player

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 28, 2009 Tuesday

Newsweek editor tells planners in Minneapolis economic crisis can be opportunity
to experiment

BYLINE: Kendall Anderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 923  words


Across the United States, the housing market is plunging, businesses are
shrinking and unemployment is skyrocketing.

It is, in other words, a golden age for planners.

That's the opinion, at least, of Jonathan Alter, senior editor at Newsweek, who
gave the opening keynote address Sunday morning at the American Planners
Association, which is meeting at the Minneapolis Convention Center.

"This is a tremendously exciting time for planning ... It was (White House chief
of staff) Rahm Emmanuel who said, 'a crisis is a terrible thing to waste. ' As
burdened as you are by the financial crisis, remember - from crisis comes
opportunity. Everything gets in flux in a crisis and great things are possible.
"

Alter used his 30 minutes as the keynote speaker at the APA's conference to draw
parallels and contrasts between President Barack Obama's first 100 days and
those of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Alter studied FDR for four years
and wrote "The Defining Moment: FDR's Hundred Days and the Triumph of Hope. "

"How does he match up? If Roosevelt was a collector by nature, Obama by nature
is an anthropologist, a writer and an organizer," Alter said, noting the
president's instinct, developed early in life, to work with other people without
judging them, and with a "writerly distance" that allows him to avoid becoming
upset or emotional.

That allows Obama to be - like FDR - "long-headed" in planning. In other words,
he's capable of staying focused on the big picture far into the future without
being deterred or thrown off course by obstacles, including political infighting
and personality clashes.

"Emerson said events are in the saddle and tend to ride mankind," Alter said.
"You're either riding events or events are riding you. "

In fact, Alter said, the current president is in some ways a better planner than
FDR, who he described as "improvisational. "

Contrary to its name, "the New Deal Plan," Alter said, the New Deal was
"seat-of-the-pants" planning.

"With Obama, there was a plan - he is someone who thinks in terms of pulling
people together around a task. You could see it in the flawlessly run
presidential campaign he ran. He was always long-headed. "

Both presidents spent their careers before the presidency and in their first 100
days combining long-range vision with compassion, which allowed them to offer
people hope, Alter said. He shared how then-Gov. Roosevelt bought a ramshackle
inn with an eye toward creating a rehabilitation center for those suffering from
polio. He then intimately planned, down to the details, a community around that
center, giving people hope and opportunity, Alter said.

"To combine his vision of what to do with his compassion ... that was a dress
rehearsal for what he did as president," the writer said, describing the past
president's ability to restore hope to Americans in the early thirties, when
"the country was curled up in a fetal position. "

Alter asked planners to maintain perspective about the current economic turmoil.

"If we think it's bad now with the stock market down, imagine it down 90 percent
... and unemployment at 25 percent," he said.

Obama is already well-known as the president who offers hope - even detractors
are hard-pressed to deny that characteristic. But Alter said Obama seems to
possess a related quality that served FDR well: the ability to try new things
and experiment.

Roosevelt once gave a speech calling for "bold, persistent experimentation" and,
even if failure ensued, admitting it and moving on to something else.

"Above all, try something," Alter quoted FDR saying. He added that few lines
better sum up the spirit of the New Deal "to work the problem. "

Obama has been criticized by some for trying a lot of different things in a
short period of time.

Alter didn't talk specifically about whether Obama is trying too many things -
though he said the new administration has made a lot of headway in the first
three months, noting the Recovery Act being the largest infrastructure
investment since the national highway system was created.

He also mentioned passage of health care reform - much more likely, Alter noted,
given the administration's latest plan as of last week to push it through with
51 votes in the U.S. Senate instead of 60 - as well as accountability-focused
educational reform and possible (albeit less certain) energy reform as likely
hallmarks of the president's first year in office.

Alter didn't criticize the current president - he seemed to praise his selection
of like-minded, No Drama Obama-type colleagues and mentioned Rahm Emmanuel three
times. But he did share a potentially cautionary tale about FDR's failure with
too much regulation.

Alter said the crippling price-fixing and economic regulations that resulted
from the National Recovery Administration were important to remember.   The
notorious project, which was eventually declared unconstitutional by the U.S.
Supreme Court, regulated everything - right down to how often burlesque dancers
could take off their clothes in a night, Alter noted humorously.

Some critics of the Obama administration cite too much regulation and
encroachment of government power among their gripes.

Alter wrapped up his speech by circling back to his opening lines about
planning, offering a kind of rah-rah for the hundreds of planners from around
the nation gathered in front of him.

"The great thing is that whatever happens on any of these particular issues,
there is a spirit of renewal, of possibility, that reminds some of us geezers of
what happened during the New Deal. "

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 10, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

Costly Communications Gap

Eric Brace, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B7; ARTS BEAT

LENGTH: 823 words


The General Accounting Office last week released its findings on competitive
bidding for historic artifacts among the Smithsonian Institution, the Library of
Congress, the National Park Service and the National Archives and Records
Administration. The study was requested by Sen. Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) after
several instances of competition were shown to have bumped up the prices of
collections being offered.

In three of the four examples cited in the report, the Library of Congress and
the Smithsonian's Museum of American History both bid on collections of jazz
manuscripts, recordings and memorabilia (two of Duke Ellington material and one
of Charles Mingus material). The fourth involved architectural drawings from the
Renwick family that both institutions were interested in acquiring.

Even in the stiff language of government publications, the words are damning:
"... the Smithsonian and LOC have overlapping roles and have not been able to
reach agreement on what both agencies will and will not collect"; and,
"Smithsonian and LOC officials have delayed developing formal agreements and
coordination mechanisms and instead have focused on informal communication," but
"officials could not explain why informal communication did not prevent
competing negotiations in the four instances."

The report (GAO/GGD-92-104, if you're interested) makes a simple recommendation:
"... establish a mechanism in which joint ad hoc committees composed of
cognizant officials from both agencies would be formed to determine which
institution should negotiate for disputed artifacts." Translation: Talk to each
other.

After receiving the report, Stevens and his Democratic counterpart on the Rules
and Administration Committee, Kentucky Sen. Wendell Ford, sent a letter to
Librarian of Congress James Billington and Smithsonian Secretary Robert McC.
Adams requesting that they begin implementing the GAO's recommendations.

The report, by the way, praises the Park Service and the archives. Seems that
they like talking to each other.


NEA's New Visual Arts Chief

As of last Friday, the visual arts program of the National Endowment for the
Arts has a new director, Rosilyn Alter. The appointment, by acting NEA chairman
Anne-Imelda Radice, is already causing resentment in some circles, with Alter's
lack of formal training in contemporary art being seen as a slap in the face to
the program. "The visual arts program deals with living, working artists," says
Susan Wyatt of the New York-based Arts Action Coalition. "Someone with no
background will have a hard time learning the field and will need a great deal
of help to try to do the job."

Alter, who most recently served as director of Houston's Blaffer Foundation, was
curator of Italian art and collection research at the John and Mable Ringling
Museum of Art in Sarasota, Fla., and worked as an administrator at the Phillips
Collection. Her background includes art history, arts management and
accounting.Radice defended her selection in a statement, saying: "Rosilyn's
professional credentials are superb. ... I believe she will impress the visual
arts community, as she has me, with her knowledge, energy and fairness."

Alter replaces Susan Lubowsky, who is off to Winston-Salem, N.C., to head the
Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art. Since Lubowsky announced her departure
in June, Radice had quietly been interviewing candidates without posting the job
opening (not required for the "Schedule A" federal appointment), a move that
Radice's critics say is a tactic to bring more conservative voices into the
endowment. "I find it surprising that no real search was made," says Wyatt,
"especially given the cultural-diversity discussions at the last [National
Council on the Arts] meetings."

An NEA spokesman said Radice interviewed "several people, and chose the most
qualified."


Touchy-Feely Exhibit

"Don't touch the art!" You hear it from guards in museums. You read it on little
plaques. Your sense of touch cries out for aesthetic communion. Go to the Very
Special Arts Gallery downtown for a stroll through "Touching Stories." "We want
people to touch the work," says gallery co-director Denise Warner, "but there's
a real hesitation, with all our training to look and not touch."

"Touching Stories" is filled with quilts, sculptures and mixed-media art meant
to be touched and was put together by the Wayne Center for the Arts in Wooster,
Ohio, specifically for the visually impaired. "The visually impaired people who
have come in are really into it," says Warner. Before feeling the artwork,
visitors must don thin surgical gloves; if you have good eyesight, you are
invited to put on thick glasses to simulate the experience of the visually
impaired. So far not too many have chosen that route. Braille catalogues,
large-type signs and audio tapes add more sensory dimensions for the impaired.
The show's been extended through Sept. 19.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                   Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl en;liquidation

                           Route St-Nicolas-de-Flüe 2
                                 Fribourg 1700
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  18. Dezember 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Genève
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Fribourg

DATUM:  13. November 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Fribourg
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Genève

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406383865

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: GmbH / Handelsregistereintrag: 19.12.1967
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  18. März 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
FIRMENNAME:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg S.A.
FIRMENORT:  Fribourg
AKTIVA:  CHF 30.86 Mio.
PASSIVA:  CHF 15.19 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 15.68 Mio.

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf infolge Liquidation
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  5. November 2015
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  16. November 2015
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  18. Dezember 2015
FRISTART 1:  Délai de production
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Production à: Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl, en
liquidation, c/o Baker & McKenzie, Rue Pedro-Meylan 5, 1208 Genève
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  18. März 2016
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Remarque: Il est instamment demandé aux
créanciers de la société à responsabilité limitée dissoute d'annoncer leurs
prétentions.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Martin Anderson
ORT:  Puplinge
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Laconnex GE
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 03.11.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.

NAME:  Alan H. RESNIK
ORT:  Pittsford
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.10.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Stephen C. McCluski
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Pittsford USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Valeant Holdings Luxembourg S.à r.l
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Luxembourg (LU)

GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  lic.jur. Matthias Courvoisier
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Meilen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

NAME:  Denis Berdoz
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Corsier GE
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève


NAME:  Brian James Harris
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Denver USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Efrain Rivera
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Honeoye Falls New York USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Charl van Zyl
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Horgen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  Valeant Holdings Luxembourg S.à r.l
ORT:  Luxembourg (LU)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  100
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 1.00 Mio.

NAME:  Bausch & Lomb BV
ORT:  Haarlemmermeer NL
LAND:  Niederlande
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  100
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 1.00 Mio.


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Bausch + Lomb Group
ORT:  Rochester NY
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

LIQUIDATOR:
NAME:  lic.jur. Matthias Courvoisier
ORT:  Meilen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

NAME:  Denis Berdoz
ORT:  Corsier GE
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Jean F. Geisel
ORT:  Honeoye Falls, New York USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64920 - Sonstige Spezialkreditinstitute
6499 - Erbringung von sonstigen Finanzdienstleistungen a. n. g.

   opérations financières.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2014                   CHF 2.20
2013                   CHF 2.20

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Bausch & Lomb AG in Liquidation
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  14. November 1978
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Schuldenruf infolge Liquidation

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  1'000'000.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANZAHL:  01
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  14. März 2016
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl en l

DATUM:  18. Dezember 2015
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl en l
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl


DATUM:  13. November 2015
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl en l


DATUM:  3. November 2005
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg S.A.
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bausch & Lomb Fribourg Sàrl

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 19, 2007 Monday

Dunbar ready to defend title

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 404 words


Trotwood-Madison? Thanks for the memories.

Tippecanoe? No team was better than you ... for the past two regular seasons.

Alter? Nice try, but no chance.

Of all the area's best boys basketball postseason bets, Dunbar ranked somewhere
behind all those high school powers. Yet, on the brink of this week's state
tourney, it's the Wolverines who are standing tall and playing their best ball.

Not only will Dunbar have a shot at defending its Division II state title, but
it's the third straight year for the Wolves to advance to the Final Four. That's
spelled d-y-n-a-s-t-y.

"Coach (Pete Pullen) told us at the end of the 20th game (to end the regular
season), we've got an eight-game (tourney) season left," said Dunbar senior
guard Norris Cole following Saturday's 73-49 elimination of Alter in the D-II
regional final at Wright State's Nutter Center.

"That's all I know. We didn't want to be the class to disappoint. We want to
keep it going."

If you haven't already cracked open your state tourney playbook, here are a few
facts and figures to get you up to speed:

Where: Ohio State University's Schottenstein Center at Columbus. If that doesn't
ring a bell, just find the football stadium off Ohio 315 and Lane Avenue, and
look for the big new building on the adjacent corner.

The matchups: Dunbar (22-4) vs. Columbus DeSales (23-3) in the state semifinals
at 5:15 p.m. Thursday.

Upper Sandusky (23-3), featuring the state's all-time leading scorer Jon
Diebler, vs. Poland Seminary (23-3) in the other semifinal at 8:30 p.m.
Thursday.

The winners go for everything at 2 p.m. Saturday, also at the Schott.

Tickets: Combined with the three other divisions, there'll be 12 games, eight
semis and four finals. Cost at the gate is $12 per game. However, each school
will sell tickets for $8 for their games only. Dunbar will sell tickets during
regular school hours.

All-session passes: Contact the OSU Ticket Office at (800) GO BUCKS or online at
ohiostatebuckeyes.com.

Parking: First come, first served, and plenty available on the Schott grounds.
And the best deal is it's free.

Recreation vehicles: Don't laugh. Football and basketball state tourneys are big
draws for the mostly small-town-driven cruisers. And at $15 per day, that's a
bargain to park on site.

TV: ONN - carried by most cable networks on a variety of channels - will air all
four Saturday finals live.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2381 or mpendleton@DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Unlike high school powerhouses Trotwood-Madison, Tippecanoe and Alter,
the Dunbar Wolverines are still standing after a 73-49 victory over Alter in
Saturday's Division II regional final. Dunbar senior guard Norris Cole (above)
had 16 points against Alter. Staff photo by Jim Witmer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          December 28, 2005 Wednesday

Rogers' 24 points, 20 rebounds carry Xenia

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 416 words


Brandon Rogers, a 6-foot-5 senior, posted an impressive double-double with 24
points and 20 rebounds Tuesday as Xenia defeated Cincinnati Colerain, 70-59, for
its third straight boys high school basketball win.

Karl Finkes added 20 points and Chris Oakes 13 for the Bucs (4-2).

* Dunbar 69, Opa Locka (Fla.) Monsignor Pace 64: The 6-2 Wolverines advanced to
the Thursday semifinals of the consolation bracket in the Beach Ball Classic in
Myrtle Beach, S.C.

It was a tight game most of the way until Dunbar went on a 14-3 run midway in
the second half to take the lead for good at 56-49.

Mark Anderson led the way with 18 points and nine rebounds. Daequan Cook had 17
points, while 6-9 sophomore Aaron Pogue had 14 points, 13 rebounds, four assists
and two blocked shots.

* Alter 60, Jacksonville (Fla.) Bishop Kenny 50: The Knights (4-3) handed Bishop
Kenny (10-1) its first loss in the opening round of the St. Pius X Christmas
tournament in Atlanta.

Danny Bruner scored 20 points, including eight straight in the second quarter to
rally Alter from a 23-11 deficit. Alter took its first lead at 31-29 but trailed
at halftime 32-31. The defense improved in the fourth quarter and Chris Kohls
made 6-of-6 free throws in the final quarter. Bruner also had 11 rebounds.

* Tippecanoe 55, Col. Linden McKinley 39: The Red Devils improved to 8-0. Kellen
Zawadzki was Tipp's top scorer with 25.

* Beavercreek 54, Lebanon 50: The Beavers (4-3) won for the third time in four
games. Brian Mosher dropped in 20 points followed by Justin Tillman with 14.
Josh Shephard had 17 points for Lebanon (5-3).

* Lancaster 44, Centerville 42: The win gives the Gales the Southtown Shootout
championship. Kyle Couvion had 16 points and David Imbrogo 15 for Centerville.

* Wapakoneta 64, Piqua 57: The loss was the first for 5-1 Piqua, which trailed
much of the game. Pete Rolf had 15 points and 13 rebounds for the Indians. Josh
Schmerge had 21 points for Wapakoneta (6-1).

* Russia 70, Covington 63, OT: This was a battle of smallschool powers. Russia
is 6-0 while Covington is 5-1. Brent Pleiman and Luke Cordonnier each had 17
points for the winners. Darin Rhoades scored 18 and Gene Studebaker 15 for
Covington.

Girls games

* Miamisburg 74, Fairborn 38: The Vikings improved to 7-1, 3-1 in the Mid-Miami
League North Division. Burg's Allison Jaynes and Shannon Campbell were the
leading scorers with 18 points apiece.

* Bethel 49, Cedarville 41: Sandra Campbell had a doubledouble with 13 points
and 11 rebounds for 3-6 Bethel.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

PREVIEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 174 words


TODAY'S BOYS AND GIRLS BASKETBALL GAMES D-II girls state semifinals at OSU
Schottenstein Center Alter (28-0) vs. Millersburg West Holmes (24-3), 1 p.m.
Notable: Think Alter is still smarting from the last time these teams played?

That was the 2014 state title game in which unbeaten West Holmes handed Alter
its only loss 62-45. Alter senior Maddie Bazelak (11.4 points) shared state
player of the year honors. Toledo Rogers (23-5) plays Beloit West Branch (27-1)
in the other semi at 3 p.m. Winners play for state title at 5:15 p.m. Saturday
also at the Schott. D-IV boys regional final at Trent Arena Tri-Village (27-0)
vs. Marion Local (21-4), 7 p.m. Notable: A rematch of last year's D-IV regional
final that Tri-Village won 62-44. Southwest District player of the year Colton
Linkous (20.6) and Damion Cook (21.9) are a pair of go-to 6-foot-5 seniors for
Tri-Village, the AP poll champ. Marion Local will counter with 6-foot-10 Luke
Knapke and 6-foot-7 Ryan Bruns. Winner advances to next week's D-IV state final
four in Columbus at the Schott.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

PREVIEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 174 words


TODAY'S BOYS AND GIRLS BASKETBALL GAMES D-II girls state semifinals at OSU
Schottenstein Center Alter (28-0) vs. Millersburg West Holmes (24-3), 1 p.m.
Notable: Think Alter is still smarting from the last time these teams played?

That was the 2014 state title game in which unbeaten West Holmes handed Alter
its only loss 62-45. Alter senior Maddie Bazelak (11.4 points) shared state
player of the year honors. Toledo Rogers (23-5) plays Beloit West Branch (27-1)
in the other semi at 3 p.m. Winners play for state title at 5:15 p.m. Saturday
also at the Schott. D-IV boys regional final at Trent Arena Tri-Village (27-0)
vs. Marion Local (21-4), 7 p.m. Notable: A rematch of last year's D-IV regional
final that Tri-Village won 62-44. Southwest District player of the year Colton
Linkous (20.6) and Damion Cook (21.9) are a pair of go-to 6-foot-5 seniors for
Tri-Village, the AP poll champ. Marion Local will counter with 6-foot-10 Luke
Knapke and 6-foot-7 Ryan Bruns. Winner advances to next week's D-IV state final
four in Columbus at the Schott.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 14, 2012 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

New movies Opening This Week

BYLINE: Jeanette Settembre

SECTION: YOUR NEW YORK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 299 words


ALEX CROSS. The stakes are high when homicide detective and psychologist Alex
Cross meets his match in a serial killer. With Tyler Perry, Matthew Fox and
Edward Burns. Friday

ALTER EGOS. In a world of underappreciated superheroes, one finds himself in
crisis when he discovers that his girlfriend is cheating on him - with his own
alter ego. With Kris Lemche, Brooke Nevin and Joey Kern. Friday

BROOKLYN CASTLE. A documentary that examines the challenges faced by a Brooklyn
junior high school chess team after their funding gets cut. Friday at Sunshine
Cinema.

DOGGIE BOOGIE: GET YOUR GRRR ON. A young, aspiring veterinarian enters her dog
in a dog dancing contest to try and save her uncle's dance studio from closing.
With Jesse Draper, Bettina Devin and Jane Wiedlin. Friday

THE FIRST TIME. Two high school teens meet at a weekend party where casual
conversation leads to an instant connection. With Britt Robertson, Dylan O'Brien
and Victoria Justice. Friday

THE FLAT. Documentary filmmaker Arnon Goldfinger discovers troubling things
about his family's past when he and other relatives gather at the Tel Aviv
apartment of his recently deceased grandmother. Friday at IFC Center

NOBODY WALKS. A New York filmmaker relocates to Los Angeles and disrupts the
domesticity of a family after she moves in with them. With John Krasinski,
Olivia Thirlby and Rosemarie DeWitt. Friday at Sunshine Cinema.

PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 4. A suburban family experiences strange events when a
mysterious woman and child move into their neighborhood. With Katie Featherston,
Kathryn Newton and Matt Shively. Friday.

YOGAWOMAN. This documentary examines how yoga has been embraced by women all
over the world, who have transformed it from its male-dominated origins.
Narrated by Annette Bening. Friday at Angelika Film Center.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "Alter Egos"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 26, 2006 Sunday

Alter, St. Henry advance to finals;
The No. 2-ranked Knights will play No. 1 Steubenville on Saturday, while the
Redskins will take on Warren JFK.

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 339 words


The "bad" news is Alter finally gave up some points this high school football
postseason. The good news is the Knights' 31-7 win over New Albany in Dublin on
Saturday puts Alter in its first Division III state championship game. The No.
2-ranked Knights (14-0) play No. 1 Steubenville (14-0) at 3 p.m. Saturday in
Massillon's Paul Brown Tiger Stadium. The defending state champion Big Red
ripped Aurora 48-13. Coach Ed Domsitz's team has outscored its foes 135-7 in
four playoff games and has eight shutouts overall. New Albany scored late to end
the streak.

St. Henry goes for six

St. Henry's Redskins (13-1) will go for an amazing sixth state title when they
play Warren John F. Kennedy (14-0) for the D-V crown at 11 a.m. Saturday in
Canton Fawcett Stadium.

The Redskins celebrated a thrilling 28-21 win over Findlay Liberty-Benton at
Lima. Andy Puthoff rushed for 311 yards and the game-winning 36-yard score with
2:04 left.

"It comes down to playmakers," St. Henry coach Jeff Starkey said of Puthoff, who
scored three touchdowns.

Warren JFK beat Amanda-Clearcreek 34-6 to advance.

Cincinnati's reign over

Hilliard Davidson beat No. 1-ranked Colerain 10-6 in a D-I semifinal at Welcome
Stadium.

Cincinnati schools had won the past four big-school titles - Elder (2002-03),
Colerain (2004) and St. Xavier (2005).

Hilliard Davidson (14-0) plays Mentor (13-1) for the D-I crown at 7 p.m.
Saturday in Massillon.

? Alter's wish comes true Article on B4 Extra points 4 Area teams - Piqua in
D-II, Alter in D-III, St. Henry in D-V and Marion Local in D-VI - playing for
state football titles next weekend. 8 Number of state final appearances for St.
Henry, all since 1990. The Redskins were runners-up in 1996 and '99 and champs
in 1990, '92, '94, '95 and 2004. 29 Straight wins by Steubenville, Alter's
opponent in the D-III title game. The Big Red also has four straight 10-0
regular seasons and is 53-2 in that span. 5 State semifinal trips it took for
Alter to taste victory. The Knights were turned away at this point in 1984, '87,
2001 and '02.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Steve O'Donnell dives into the end zone for a second-quarter
touchdown, giving the Knights a 17-0 lead against New Albany in Saturday's
Division III state semifinal in Dublin. The Knights won the game, 31-7, and have
outscored their four playoff opponents 135-7. Associated Press photo by Paul
Vernon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Alter's Showalter, Hawley team up, advance to state;
HIGH SCHOOL TENNIS

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 423 words


Different angles, more net play and shared space

- doubles tennis is a different game.

But Alter state qualifiers Lauren Hawley and Amanda Showalter are up to the
challenge. The Knights' first and second singles players, respectively, joined
forces for a tournament run that resulted in a sectional championship, a
second-place district finish and a berth in the OHSAA girls state tournament
that gets underway at Ohio State University on Friday.

"They are two very strong players who also very smart players," Alter coach John
Kirk said. "If they had gone the singles route, they both had a shot of making
it through the district tournament."

Hawley, a junior, is laid back, someone who, according to Kirk, "leads quietly."
Showalter, a freshman, is more intense and fiery. It has proven to be a winning
combination.

"They really seem to balance each other, which makes for a good partnership,"
Kirk said.

The second-seeded Knights will face another No. 2 seed in the opening round of
Division II doubles play Friday in Ber-thy Feng and Ellen Hata, of Shaker
Heights Laurel. If Alter advances it could face returning state placers Meili
and Minda Martin, Chesapeake, in the quarterfinals.

"Our goal is to make it to the second day," Show-alter said.

Like the Knights, Oakwood singles players Megan Connelly and Annie Lutz decided
to play doubles in the tournament. The Jills are fourth seeds heading into the
state tournament.

"The pressure is off completely," Connelly said. "We've got nothing to lose."

Tournament tested:

While there are several first-time state qualifiers heading to Columbus this
week, a few local players have experience on their side.

Chaminade Julienne sophomore Natalie Allen is going the solo route this year
after placing third at state last year in D-II doubles with Brooke Sandridge.
Kings senior Amina Ishmail is in the hunt for a D-I singles state title after
placing fourth last year.

Miami Valley School senior Rheanna Morehart is making her second trip to the
D-II state tournament as is Oakwood's Megan Connelly.

Record numbers: Of the 50 schools represented at the state tennis tournament, no
program will have as many players on the court as Mason. The Comets are sending
five players to state with Elizabeth Kong playing singles and the doubles teams
of Isabel Cepeda and Amanda Huser and Nina Cepeda and Lynn Kelly. Three other
schools have four state qualifiers.

In the D-I ranks, the Mason sectional proved to be unstoppable as all four
district qualifiers - singles and doubles - advanced to the state tournament.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      June 13, 1993, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

SPORTS IN BRIEF

BYLINE: HERALD NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 704 words


Real Madrid edged closer to achieving its first league title in three seasons
when it defeated cross-town rivals Atletico de Madrid 1-0 Saturday in Spanish
soccer play.

The win widened the gap separating First Division-leading Real from second-place
and two-year defending champion Barcelona to three points. Next week's game is
the last of the season.

Barcelona plays Osasuna today and a Barcelona defeat would automatically give
the title to Real Madrid.

Midfielder Fernando Hierro took a pass from striker Emilio Butragueno and
thundered the ball into the back of the net from the edge of the box in the 52nd
minute for the only goal.

Real Madrid has won a total of 25 league titles in 61 seasons, including seven
of the last 10.

Alter lands berth in K-Swiss final

COLLINGWOOD, Ont. (CP) -- Second-seeded Rene Simpson Alter of Toronto has
advanced to the final of the $ 30,000 K-Swiss Challenge tennis tournament.

Alter, the reigning women's champion at the SunLife Nationals, defeated
sixth-seeded Stacey Martin of the United States 6-2, 6-4 in semifinals.
Fourth-seeded Audra Keller was a 6-2, 6-1 winner over fellow-American Halle
Cioffi, the No. 5 seed, in the other semifinal Saturday.

In the doubles semifinals, Simpson Alter and Keller were upset by the
third-seeded American team of Cioffi and Eleni Rossides 0-6, 6-3, 7-6 (7-3).
They'll face unseeded Americans Jennifer Fuchs and Andrea Leand in the final.

Mighty Ducks' logo has sour note

Dallas Morning News

The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim unveiled their logo last week, but not to raves. The
biggest complaint seemed to be the scowl the Duck wears. People wondered if
youngsters will be put off by it.

That there would be even a small flap over the logo is astounding, considering
it is the creation of the Disney people, who own the new National Hockey League
team.

Disney chairman Michael Eisner said between 500 and 700 ideas for a logo were
turned in after the company's departments, including the talented folks in
feature animation, were asked for submissions.

"We wanted something between Disney-esque and hockey mean," Eisner said. "Not
too light. Not too silly."

The winning entry, which appears on team merchandise that was made available in
Southern California last week, "is much more friendly than it was six weeks
ago," Eisner said of the logo's evolution. "We Goofy-ized Jason (from the horror
movies)."

The Mighty Ducks already have sold close to 11,000 season tickets and are happy
to be riding the coattails of Los Angeles Kings, who made their first appearance
in a Stanley Cup final.

Christie wins 100m British title

LONDON (AP) -- Olympic champion Linford Christie withstood a challenge from
hurdler Colin Jackson and won the British 100-metre title at Crystal Palace on
Saturday.

Jackson, who plans to go for the 100-metre dash and 110-metre hurdles at this
year's world championships in August, moved impressively through the heats to
reach the final.

But Christie, who is recovering from a back injury suffered during weight
training, raced to his eighth domestic sprint title in 10.26 seconds. Jackson
was second in 10.41.

"I'm still a bit rusty and need a bit of polishing, but that wasn't bad," said
Christie, who was beaten in the semifinals by newcomer Toby Box when he slowed
near the line. "Give me another couple of weeks and I'll be right there."

Italian overcomes strain to win stage

OROPA, Italy (AP) -- Italy's Massimo Ghirotto, ignoring the pain from
tendonitis, won the 20th stage of the Tour of Italy today while a tired Miguel
Indurain of Spain kept the overall lead going into the final stage.

Ghirotto finished the 172-kilometre stage in four hours, 18 minutes, 19 seconds.

"It was the most beautiful victory in my career because I won an uphill finish,"
said Ghirotto, who races for ZG Mobili-Bottecchia.

Indurain finished 10th in the stage and, in the overall standings, lost 36
seconds to second place Piotre Ugromov of Latvia. Still, going into today's
final 174-kilometre stage from Biella to Milan Indurain will have a 58-second
lead.

Steve Bauer of Fenwick, Ont., finished Saturday's stage 81st, 17:01 behind. He
is 89th overall, 2:16:10 back.



LOAD-DATE: June 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                ALEVO GROUP SA;

                              Rue des Finettes 110
                                 Martigny 1920
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  27. Januar 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Verbier
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Martigny

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0277217580
INTERNET: www.alevo.com
E-MAIL: alevo.ch@alevo.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 421470463

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 04.07.2012
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 15


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  21. Dezember 2016
 AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
FILIALE(N): USA, Concord NC
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
EFFECTIF TOTAL: environ 500 personnes

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Directeur Per Heiberg Dybwad
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Verbier (Bagnes)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen

NAME:  Kuzma Marchuk
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Moscou (RU)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Malta


NAME:  Mikhail Sazonov
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Plan-les-Ouates
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Onex


NAME:  William Harrison Wellford
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Washington DC (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Jostein Eikeland
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Verbier (Bagnes)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen


NAME:  Eric Cameron
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Oslo (NO)
LAND:  Norwegen
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen


NAME:  Ola Toftegaard Hox
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Oslo (NO)
LAND:  Norwegen
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen


NAME:  John Olav Skjevesland
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Villars-sur-Ollon (Ollon)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweden



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Daniel Bednar
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Bruxelles (BE)
LAND:  Belgien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

NAME:  Jean-Claude Beney
STELLUNG:  Stv. Generaldir.
ORT:  Morgins
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ayent


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Larus Arnason
ORT:  Concord MA (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Island

NAME:  Jean-Claude Beney
ORT:  Morgins
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ayent


NAME:  Tord Johan Eide
ORT:  Lysaker (NO)
LAND:  Norwegen
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen


NAME:  Alan Greenshields
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Björn E. Frivik
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


La société fabrique l'Alevolyte qui alimente les batteries. Il s'agit d'un
composé chimique (l'électrolyte) qui permet aux électrons de circuler à
l'intérieur des batteries sans perdre de leur efficacité».

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften

   acquisition, détention, administration, vente et cession de participations
dans des sociétés et des joint ventures en Suisse et à l'étranger, notamment
dans des sociétés et joint ventures développant, fabriquant et commercialisant
des piles et ses dérivés, offrant des produits et des services dans lesquels les
piles sont une composante, actives dans le développement, la détention et la
cession de droits de propriété intellectuelle ainsi que dans l'octroi de
licences; actives dans le stockage d'énergie, la production d'énergie et le
négoce d'énergie, et offrant des services de financement et de gestion en
relation avec les objets énumérés ci-dessus (cf statuts pour but complet).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 4.50

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  ALEVO INTERNATIONAL SA
ORT:  Martigny
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  9. März 2015
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  BDO SA
ORT:  Sion
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. August 2003

NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Angaben über Grundeigentum sind nicht erhältlich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 163'596.40
LIBIERUNG:  163'596.40 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  16'359'640
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. November 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 127'882.12
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 163'596.40

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. Juni 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 127'593.66
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 127'882.12


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  14. April 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 120'327.77
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 127'593.66


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Dezember 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 120'037.75
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 120'327.77


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. November 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 118'515.41
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 120'037.75


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. August 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 117'890.41
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 118'515.41


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. April 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 117'200.76
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 117'890.41


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  31. März 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 116'277.68
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 117'200.76


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. November 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 112'527.68
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 116'277.68


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Oktober 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 103'598.48
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 112'527.68

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                              Biotie Therapies AG;

                             Stampfenbachstrasse 5
                                  Zürich 8001
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  10. März 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich

DATUM:  4. Februar 2014
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Basel


DATUM:  9. April 2008
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Aeschenvorstadt 71, Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Aeschenvorstadt 36, Basel

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0612069202

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 409101093

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 17.12.2007
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  24. August 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Beabsichtigt alle 100'000 Namenaktien zu SFr.
10.- der Synosia Therapeutics AG, in Basel, zum Preis von SFr. 1'000'000.- zu
übernehmen.
 PERSONAL: 5 in Basel

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Jane Gail Wasman
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  New York (NY, US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Charles-Hervé Jean Girsault
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Baden
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 10.12.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Mark Moran
ORT:  Orinda (CA)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 10.12.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Andrew Sandham
ORT:  Cambrigde
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 10.12.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Timo Veromaa
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Turku (FI)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Finnland


NAME:  Gregory Scott Duncan
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Atlanta
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Stefan Grieder
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Rünenberg, Basel


NAME:  Gösta Jonsson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Täby
LAND:  Schweden
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien


NAME:  Ismail Kola
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Ixelles
LAND:  Belgien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BÜRGERORT:  Australischer, Amerikanischer Do


NAME:  Quentin Lionel Lloyd-Harris
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien


NAME:  Heath Scott Lukatch
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Woodside
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Guido Magni
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Ralf Peter Rosenow
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Ralf Peter Rosenow
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Andrew James Schwab
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  San Francisco
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Thomas Taapken
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Berlin (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Jean-Philippe Tripet
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  ChézardSaintMartin, ValdeRuz


NAME:  Harry Welten
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Pfeffingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Saanen


NAME:  Dr. Bradley J. Bolzon
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  San Francisco
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada


NAME:  Jan John Massey
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Los Altos (CA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien



DIREKTION:
NAME:  William Murray Burns
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Binningen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Philippe Lutz
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Küsnacht ZH


NAME:  Uwe Meya
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Riehen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Riehen


NAME:  Uwe Meya
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Riehen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Riehen


NAME:  Michael Mulqueen
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Kurt Schläpfer
ORT:  Oberrieden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wald AR

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Geschäftsbereich:
- Verwaltung von Beteiligungen
Pressemitteilung vom
08.01.2009:
Biotechfirma Synosia erhält von privaten Investoren ca. SFr. 32
Mio., welche verwendet werden um bestehende klinische Studien abzuschliessen
und mit neuen zu beginnen.

EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften
72110 - Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Biotechnologie

   Die Gesellschaft bezweckt die Forschung und Entwicklung auf dem Gebiet von
pharmazeutischen Produkten, einschliesslich biologischen und biotechnologischen
Produkten, sowie die Herstellung und Kommerzialisierung derartiger Produkte. Die
Gesellschaft kann Patente, Urheberrechte, Marken und andere
Immaterialgüterrechte sowie Lizenzen jeder Art erwerben, halten und veräussern.
Die Gesellschaft kann alle kommerziellen, finanziellen und anderen Tätigkeiten
ausüben, welche mit dem Zweck der Gesellschaft direkt oder indirekt in
Zusammenhang stehen. Die Gesellschaft kann Beteiligungen an anderen Unternehmen
im In- und Ausland erwerben, halten und veräussern Sie kann Zweigniederlassungen
und Tochtergesellschaften im In- und Ausland errichten. Die Gesellschaft kann
Grundstücke erwerben, verwalten und veräussern sowie Vermögensanlagen anderer
Art tätigen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 6.20
2015                   CHF 6.20

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Synosia Therapeutics Inc.
ORT:  South San Francisco
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
BEMERKUNGEN:  Übernimmt 2'500'000 Series A-1 Preferred Stocks und alle15'461'537
Series A-2 Preferred Stocks wofür 1'771'154Namenaktien zu SFr. 2.- ausgegeben
werden.

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Biotie Therapies AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. November 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Basel



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 14'320'612.00
LIBIERUNG:  14'320'612.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  7'160'306
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 2.00
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Bei den Namenaktien handelt es sich um Vorzugsaktien.

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  4. Oktober 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'005'104.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 14'320'612.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. März 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'578'450.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'005'104.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  31. Oktober 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'469'460.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'578'450.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. April 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'138'460.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'469'460.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. Dezember 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'138'460.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  20. April 2012
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 3.18 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 9.05 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF -5'875'663.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  3. Mai 2012
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Biotie Therapies Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Biotie Therapies AG

DATUM:  8. März 2011
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Synosia Therapeutics Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Biotie Therapies Holding AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 2, 2015 Thursday

Athlete of the Week Alter High School

SECTION: ; Pg. OZSD6

LENGTH: 281 words


James Eisenhauer played volleyball and soccer at Alter High School.

Name: James Eisenhauer School: Alter Grade: Graduated 2015 Age: 18 Sports:
Volleyball, soccer Claim to fame/honors: Two-time state champion in volleyball;
goalkeeper and team captain in soccer; goalkeeper earned first-team All-Miami
Valley and All-Southwest District soccer honors as a senior; will major in
engineering at Ohio State Words you live by: Second place is the first loser
Toughest opponent: Walsh Jesuit in volleyball and Carroll in soccer Biggest
influence: My dad Match-day rituals: Before each volleyball game, we played the
song "Through the Fire and Flames." What's on your bedroom walls: My favorite
sports team pennants (Ohio State, Notre Dame, Dallas Cowboys, Loyola of Chicago
and Georgia Tech), Marine prayer When I'm bored I like to ... call my cousin
next door and head to the pool Favorite movie: Saving Private Ryan Favorite TV
show: "How I Met Your Mother" Favorite musical artist: Tim McGraw and Dave
Matthews Band Favorite book: "Kite Runner" Favorite home-cooked meal: Roast,
potatoes and carrots Favorite restaurant: Dewey's I'd love to trade places for a
day with ... President Andrew Jackson. Whose mind would you like to read: My
soccer coach Bob "The Wiz" Ellis Place where you'd love to travel: Italy Talent
you'd like to have: Sing Favorite school subject: Math Favorite athlete: Tim
Howard Favorite team: Dallas Cowboys Favorite Olympic sport: Water polo
Something in the world I'd like to change: Hatred Favorite sports moment:
Winning second state championship my senior year Best thing about soccer: Being
able to lead the team In 10 years, I hope to be ... an officer in the Navy.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                               May 2, 2016 Monday

Thuney ready to play for Patriots;
Alter grad not sure what position he'll be in with New England.;
NFL DRAFT

BYLINE: ByDavidJablonski

SECTION: ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 338 words


Joe Thuney, shown in his high school days with Alter, was the first ACC
offensive lineman drafted in 2016, and the first from North Carolina State
chosen in the NFL draft since 2005.

Joe Thuney was taken with the 15th pick of the third round of the NFL draft.

DAYTON - Alter High School graduate Joe Thuney played every position on the
offensive line during his career at North Carolina State. His new team, the New
England Patriots, haven't told him where they want him to play, but he'll take
an open mind with him when he reports to Foxborough, Mass.

"I think I see myself as a guard or center," Thuney told Boston media on a
conference call Friday night. "If it gets to a pinch, I can move out to tackle,
but it's really where the coach wants me to play."

The Patriots drafted the 6-foot-5, 304-pound Thuney with the 15th pick of the
third round. He was the 78th pick overall. They selected his N.C. State teammate
quarterback Jacoby Brissett in the third round as well, 14 picks after Thuney.

Thuney was the first offensive lineman from the ACC drafted in 2016 and is the
first N.C. State offensive lineman drafted since 2005.

Thuney will have to earn a spot on the line, but if he plays, he'll do so behind
quarterback Tom Brady and for a franchise that has won at least 10 games 13
seasons in a row. Thuney played for two state championship teams at Alter. The
Wolfpack were 25-26 in his four seasons.

"The Patriots are a tremendous organization, one of the best in the NFL," Thuney
said. "I couldn't be prouder to be drafted by them. All I can do is go out there
and work my hardest and see what happens."

Thuney graduated from N.C. State before his junior season in 2014 and has spent
the last year and a half working on a degree in international studies and a
minor in Spanish.

"You can't play football for 40 years," he said. "You have to have a life after
the NFL. I'd love to be able to travel and work at the same time and see new
parts of the world."

Contact this reporterat 937-244-7400 oremail David.Jablonski@

coxinc.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

CJ product a hot shot at Findlay;
Senior John Staley shooting 73.6 percent from field.

BYLINE: Marc Pendleton

SECTION: ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 479 words


Chaminade Julienne High School graduate John Staley probably has the green light
to shoot for the University of Findlay men's basketball team.

A senior 6-foot-5 forward, Staley has started every game, averaging 10.5 points
and 4.9 rebounds.

Through 15 games, Staley has hit 67 of 91 field-goal attempts for a sizzling
73.6 percent.

Better to foul him, because he was just 27 of 45 (60 percent) from the line in
that span.

Staley was named to the All-Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference
defensive team as a junior.

He will be hoping to make a deep NCAA Division II postseason run.

The son of longtime Chaminade Julienne boys basketball coach Joe Staley, John
transferred to Findlay after playing one season at Northern Kentucky.

? Alter senior Abby Nichols is the Gatorade Ohio girls cross-country runner of
the year. That makes her a finalist for the national award.

Nichols won the Division II individual state cross-country title last fall
(18:05.4) and also paced the Knights to the D-II state team title. She also was
18th in the Nike Midwest Nationals (18:08.5).

"Abby Nichols is always a joy to coach and to teach," Alter coach John Davalos
said. "She is always smiling and laughing with her teammates and ready to enjoy
life. But once the gun goes off, she is all business and her goal is that no one
beats her to the finish."

Also a track and field distance ace, Nichols has signed to run at OSU.

? It's a big jump from Sinclair Community College to the Ohio State football
program, but that's what Alter grad Alex Craft has done. A freshman
punter/kicker, he was accepted as a walk-on to the Buckeyes during the winter
break.

Although Alter didn't punt much during a 14-1 run his senior season, Craft
averaged 45.8 yards on just 12 punts. He also converted 59 of 61 extra-point
kicks for the Knights.

? Riley VanderKaay and Luke West, seniors at Fairmont, and Brett Wedding, a
senior at Oakwood, were among 26 Ohio seniors to recently receive Chick Evans
Scholarships. Scholars are chosen based on a "strong caddie record, excellent
academics, financial need and outstanding character," according to the
sponsoring Western Golf Association.

VanderKaay and West were loopers at Moraine Country Club and will attend Miami.
Wedding was a caddy at Dayton Country Club and will attend Ohio State.

? Northridge senior QB Anthony Carroll was named to the Academic All-Ohio Team
as an individual and the Polar Bears as a team, reports coach Bob Smith. The
awards are sponsored by the Ohio High School Football Coaches Association.

? Seed meetings for the upcoming winter sports are Sunday for wrestling, Jan. 31
for girls basketball and boys and girls bowling and Feb. 7 for boys basketball.
Coaches vote online to determine seeds and position their teams in brackets at
the meetings.

Contact this reporter at

937-225-2381 or email

Marc.Pendleton@coxinc.com

Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             October 8, 2010 Friday

Fenwick sweeps Knights;
Falcons win battle of GGCL volleyball powerhouses in four sets, clinch title.

BYLINE: By John Bombatch Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 309 words


MIDDLETOWN - Both sides knew Thursday's Girls Greater Cincinnati League Grey
North Division volleyball match would be a battle, and both state-ranked teams
didn't disappoint.

It took a little more than two hours, but the Fenwick Falcons earned a season
sweep of the Alter Knights by a 26-24, 25-23, 22-25, 25-17 margin.

It's the first time since the Falcons joined the league five years ago that
they've been able to sweep Alter in volleyball.

Fenwick, ranked second in the latest Ohio High School Volleyball Coaches
Association Division III poll, defeated Alter (the state's sixth-ranked team in
Division II) on Sept. 14. Thursday's win allowed the Falcons to clinch the 2010
GGCL Grey North title.

Fenwick (19-1, 9-0 GGCL) might've had too many weapons against Alter.

"You can key on somebody, and that's fine. But we're able to go to other people
to keep opposing teams honest," Fenwick coach Yoon Ha said.

Ally Beck led all hitters with 18 kills and a pair of service aces. Abby Cramer
finished with nine kills and a block, and Casey Volz finished with six kills and
another block. Setters Melanie Monahan and Christina Bjerstedt doled out most of
the Falcon assists, and senior libero Jessica Levy might've spent more time
diving on the floor digging out hard Knight blasts than she spent standing.

Despite a 15-kill performance by Alter's Kelly Westkamp, and 11 more kills from
teammate Morgan Courtney, coach Tina Jasinowski said the Knights (10-6, 6-3)
couldn't string enough points together against Fenwick.

"We had some good individual performances, but we didn't have enough individual
performances to counter a really strong performance from Fenwick," Jasinowski
said.

Jasinowski also said freshman Sara Crotty (eight kills) played perhaps her best
game of the season.

"Those are the efforts we'll need as we move forward from this match,"
Jasinowski said.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Sarah Crotty (right) spikes the ball past Fenwick's Kristin
Thompson and Abby Crammer Thursday during the first game in Middletown. Staff
photo by Gary Stelzer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 4, 2008 Monday

Obituaries

BYLINE: The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 890 words


Aug. 4--The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa., Obituaries

Sodiana R. "Rose" Dixon, 75, of Oakmont, peacefully passed away Saturday, Aug.
2, 2008, surrounded by her loving family. She was born Dec. 8, 1932, to the late
Leonard and Margaret (Watt) Dehus. Beloved wife of 48 years to Bill Dixon. Dear
mother of Sharon (Jim) Culley, of Lower Burrell, James W. (Cathie) Dixon, of
Verona, and Lori (Jim) Jackson, of Lower Burrell; sister of Richard "Herk"
Dehus, of Tarentum, Earl Dehus, of Chicora, Kenneth Dehus, of Yalaha, Fla.,
Homer Dehus, of Alaska, Linda Bartko, of Sarver, Joseph Nucci, of Cheswick, and
the late John and Robert Dehus; loving grandmother of Shannon, Corey, Jerrad,
Joshua, Jordan, Jenna, Ryan and Kara. Friends and family will be received from 2
to 4 and 6 to 9 p.m. Tuesday at BURKET-TRUBY FUNERAL HOME CREMATION &
ALTERNATIVE SERVICES INC., 421 Allegheny Ave., Oakmont, where services will
tentatively be held at 10 a.m. Wednesday. Family suggests memorials be made to
American Cancer Society, 320 Bilmar Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15205.

Margaret (Bocinec) Pochet, 88, of Brackenridge, died Friday, Aug. 1, 2008, in
Saxony Health Care Center, Saxonburg, where she had been a resident for the past
year. She formerly had resided in East Deer Personal Care Home. Mrs. Pochet was
born July 11, 1920, in Tarentum to the late Paul Sr. and Anna (Pecnik) Bocinec
and lived in Tarentum until moving to Brackenridge in 1975. She was a homemaker
and a member of Trinity United Methodist Church, Brackenridge, the Tarentum VFW
and the Highland Area Senior Citizens. Mrs. Pochet enjoyed crewel stitching,
embroidering, dancing, cooking in the kitchen at her church, joking with her
friends, volunteering in the Allegheny Valley Hospital coffee shop and cooking
Sunday and holiday dinners for her family, children, grandchildren and
great-grandchildren. Surviving are twin daughters, Marie (Joseph M.) Tartamella,
of Natrona Heights, and Frances (Lynn E.) Alter, of Tarentum; son, Thomas (Mary
Jo) Magoc, of Frazer Township; eight grandchildren, Theresa (Harry) Crytzer, of
Natrona Heights, Joseph (Jennifer) Tartamella, of North Carolina, Leonard
(Susan) Tartamella, of West Virginia, Jeffrey Alter, of Tarentum, Jonathan Alter
, of Natrona Heights, Mark (Brenda) Alter, of Saxonburg, Brian (Christie) Alter,
of Arnold, and Joanna (Matt) Meighen, of McMurray; nine great-grandchildren,
Alexandra Davies, Harry Crytzer, Rachael, Hannah and Mason Tartamella, Shelby
McAndrew and Cory, Kali and Samuel Alter; stepgrandchild, Devan Chapman; sister,
Pauline Farione, of Creighton; and several nieces and nephews. In addition to
her parents, she was preceded in death by her second husband, John B. Pochet,
who died June 4, 1984; son, Robert Magoc; great-granddaughter, Angel Alter;
brothers, Paul, John and Frank Bocinec; and sister, Mary Palko. Relatives and
friends will be received from 2 to 4 and 6 to 8 p.m. Sunday and 10 a.m. until a
noon service Monday in the DUSTER FUNERAL HOME INC., Tenth Avenue at Corbet
Street, Tarentum, 724-224-1526. The Rev. Alyce Weaver Dunn will officiate.
Burial will be in Mt. Airy Cemetery, Natrona Heights. The family suggests
contributions to Trinity United Methodist church. Visit
www.duster.funeralhome.com.

Dorothy R. Rieger, 81, of Fawn Township, died Saturday, Aug. 2, 2008, in Saxony
Health Care Center, Saxonburg. Mrs. Rieger was born Tuesday, Jan. 11, 1927, in
Tarentum, to the late Albert A. and Ethel Foster Beckwith. She had worked for
Liberty Mirror as a polisher. She was a member of the Center United Methodist
Church of Fawn Township, where she led the Little Choir in the early 1960s. She
volunteered for Meals on Wheels, and finished wood products built by her
husband. She enjoyed cooking, baking, crocheting, sewing, flower and vegetable
gardening, painting, helping others and enjoyed spending time with family,
especially her grandchildren and great-grandchildren. She is survived by her
husband of 59 years, Paul C. "Pat" Rieger; her children, Paul D. Rieger, of
South Buffalo Township, Sharon A. (Kenneth) Wissinger, of Saxonburg, and Trenece
A. (Gary) Wisnick, of Fawn Township; five grandchildren; and nine
great-grandchildren. She was preceded in death by her parents; a grandson,
Kenneth P. Wissinger; a great-grandson, Kainin Wisnick; a brother, John
Beckwith; and a sister, Mae Ankrom. When asked what she will do in her eternal
life she stated she will lead the little choir of angels in heaven. Family and
friends are invited from 7 to 9 p.m. Sunday and 2 to 4 and 7 to 9 p.m. Monday to
the ROBERT PETERS FUNERAL HOME INC., 1521 Freeport Road, Natrona Heights
(724-224-7730), where services will be held at 11 a.m. Tuesday with her pastor,
the Rev. James E. Gascoine, officiating. Burial will follow in Mt. Airy
Cemetery, Natrona Heights. For online condolences, please visit us at
www.petersfamilyfuneralhomes.com.

To see more of The Valley News-Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleynewsdispatch/. Copyright (c) 2008, The
Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080804-TV-Obituaries-0804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2008 The Valley News-Dispatch


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 26, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

New York City Elections;
Mark Green for Public Advocate

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 325 words


We endorse the Democrat Mark Green over both Susan Alter, the Republican-Liberal
candidate, and Ronald Reale, a Conservative, in the race for public advocate --
a job in search of a definition. As we said during the crowded Democratic
primary, which Mr. Green won over Ms. Alter, Mr. Reale and three other
candidates, the voluble Mr. Green is so enthusiastic about public service that
he might actually find a rationale for a city post that now has little meaning.

Mr. Green's chief opponent is Ms. Alter, a 15-year veteran of the City Council.
Ms. Alter -- a Democrat running, like Herman Badillo, on Rudolph Giuliani's
fusion ticket -- is familiar with city issues. But is she forceful and effective
enough to give shape to a city position that has lost its only real power?

The position, which used to be called City Council president, once had a vote on
the Board of Estimate and duties that counted. But since the board folded in
1990, the job has had only vague responsibilities, its budget has been cut and
its name changed. The public advocate is next in line to the mayor and takes
over if the mayor is incapacitated. The advocate is also supposed to oversee
city agencies -- an ambiguous mandate.

If anyone can give the job definition, it's the confident Mr. Green, who
accomplished more as Consumer Affairs Commissioner than the heads of more
powerful agencies.

Mr. Green made a pest of himself in pursuit of beneficial change, and he managed
to get a lot of what he sought. He helped ban cigarette vending machines in
public places, and led the fight for a strong supermarket item-pricing law. Most
of Mr. Green's recommendations on ending abusive practices by divorce attorneys
were later adopted by the Chief Judge of the State Court of Appeals. He also
focused attention on fraud at gas stations.

Mr. Green sometimes enjoys the spotlight too much. But his obvious energy could
bring substance to a job that needs it.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     June 18, 1987, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Top four sailing spots are filled by Americans

BYLINE: By Bruce Kemp

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F14

LENGTH: 934 words


   The Australians seem to have lost a little of the hop in their campaign to
dominate international Hobie sailing. The top four spots as of yesterday morning
were held by American sailors - notably Californians.

Jeff Alter (the boat designer's second son), Alan Equsa and Bob Seaman were
first, second and third by the finish of Tuesday's events. All three hail from
the west coast.

Floridian Carlton Tucker sits in fourth, while Hobie Alter's first son, Hobie
Alter Jr. is tied for fifth with Australian Gavin Luxton.

The top Canadian sailor is Paul Marner, currently tied for 13th with Norris
Palmer of Texas and Onno Van Dert Plaat of Holland.

One of the other Canadian sailors Marner is sailing against in this series is
his dad Bill. Both father and son are Torontonians.

After a slow start over the weekend because of light air followed by heavy
thunderstorms, winds on the course have kicked-up into the 10-to 20-knot range
giving the sailors some fast rides with little damage to their boats.

The only major incident to occur so far was a collision between Charley Regan of
Toronto and Denis Renaud of Montreal.

During the start of the third race on Monday, Renaud held the windward position
along the start line and began to come down on Regan. Regan immediately called
for room (which was his right), but Renaud failed to give it.

The resulting crash did not damage either boat, but it did injure Regan's wife
and crewman Sharon. She suffered facial cuts and a twisted ankle from the crash.
The injuries have side-lined her for the rest of the Worlds.

Renaud was handed a DSQ 'C'. The DSQ 'C' is a disqualification from that
particular race. The "C" means Renaud cannot use this as his throw-out race, but
has to live with the points garnered from it. Each racer has one race they can
eliminate from their standings to help boost their point rating.

Last weekend's results

Sailors from the Niagara-On-The-Lake Sailing Club grabbed four out of the five
top spots in last weekend's Shark Provincial Championships hosted by the Bronte
Harbour Yacht Club.

Jody Moggridge from the western Lake Ontario Club took first place with 16
points. He was closely followed by RCYC sailor H. Ebert who finished the
three-race event with 16.7 points.

R. Wissenz, R. McMillan and T. Purser took the third, fourth and fifth spots
respectively. All three are from the Niagara-On-The-Lake Sailing Club.

In the Commesford Cup for International 14's hosted by the Royal Canadian Yacht
Club, reigning world champions Jamie Kidd and Magnus Clarke of Toronto took
first place. They were followed by Tim Walsh and John Hele in second place and
Jay Cross with an unidentified crewman in third.

Frenchman's Bay celebrates 25th

Frenchman's Bay Yacht Club will be celebrating the 25th anniversary of their
charter on the weekend of June 27, with a full weekend of events.

Festivities will kick-off on the Saturday at 1 pm. with a pipe band and
re-dedication ceremony. A nostalgia cruise, dinner and dance will follow.

Sunday's activities will include a continental breakfast, an open house and the
annual Frenchman's Bay French Bread Race.

The club was actually founded by a group of Blue Jay sailors who built their own
boats in 1958, but it wasn't until 1962 that they received their charter from
the provincial government.

There is plenty of docking available and sailors throughout the Toronto area are
invited to help FBYC celebrate the occasion.

For reservations and information, contact Bill Fertile at 831-7899 or Jim Dike
at 284-7194.

Setting sail for hope

The Canadian Cancer Society is sponsoring a nautically oriented fund-raising
event on Saturday, called Set Sail For Hope.

Participants will cruise Lake Ontario on volunteers 40-to 45-foot sail and power
boats. Following the three-and-a-half-hour cruise, the fleet will arrive at the
Port Credit Yacht Club, where cocktails and dinner will be served. The guest
speaker for the evening will be Terry Neilson, skipper of Canada II in this
year's America's Cup.

Dress for the affair is casual and it should be a fun day. The cruises begin at
1.15 p.m. from either of two sites. The first is from the Port Credit Yacht Club
and the second is at Queen's Quay. Tickets for the event are $200 per person,
but this is tax deductable.

For further information please contact Maria Pogatsas at 928-8801.

Weekend racing

Nine events are scheduled for this weekend including the wrap-up of the Hobie 18
Worlds which continue this week at the Boulevard Club all this week. Spectators
are allowed in the rigging areas and the view from the beach is pretty good. For
more information call the Shore Committee at 346-4079.

The Bacardi Rum Wayfarer Canadians will take place this weekend at the Conestoga
Sailing Club in the Cambridge area. R.J. Taggart has the details and he can be
reached at (416) 497-5342.

Outer Harbour Centreboard Club will be hosting three regattas over the weekend.
There will be a multi-class regatta on Saturday at the club . . . Regatta number
two will be a Laser event which will take place on Saturday as well. Rudy
Monteforte is the contact person for both these events and can be reached at
439-8940 . . . The third set of races taking place over both Saturday and Sunday
are the Mirror Invitationals. Hanso Van Beusekom has the details at 893-3843.

Ashbridge's Bay will host the ABYC Open on Saturday. The event is a Lake Ontario
Racing Council (LORC) event and is open to all boats in the LORC fleets. For
information, give Katie Coleman Nicol a call at 698-4498.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Terry Neilson

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 21, 2005 Monday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Senate races cast spotlight on Blunt's agenda Election will gauge support

BYLINE: By JO MANNIES Post-Dispatch Political Correspondent

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1116 words


On the surface, Missouri's special elections in two weeks to fill two vacant
state Senate seats don't seem crucial. Win or lose, state Republicans will
retain their huge edge in that chamber and hold on to their across-the-board
control of state government.

But the hefty budget-cutting under way in Jefferson City has altered the
dynamics -- and the stakes. Said local Republican consultant Paul Zemitzsch,
who's not involved in either contest: "It's not about the math, it's the
message."

As a result, the two Senate elections on April 5 -- one in northern Jefferson
County's 22nd District, and the other in the 16th District, in mid-Missouri --
are increasingly cast by all sides as referendums on the program-cutting,
pro-business measures sought by new Gov. Matt Blunt.

Fellow Republicans assert that their party's victories on April 5 will
demonstrate the public's support and build on the GOP's electoral muscle.
Democrats, as well as the two independent candidates vying in Jefferson County,
claim their success will underscore voters' anger and shift the state's
political momentum.

That helps explain why both parties are dispatching cash, workers and their
biggest names to aid the outcomes. That's especially true in Jefferson County,
where all sides predict that overall campaign spending will exceed $1 million, a
state record for a legislative seat.

U.S. Sens. Jim Talent and Christopher "Kit" Bond, R-Mo., are among the
Republicans fattening the coffers for their party's two state Senate nominees --
Bill Alter, a businessman and former legislator from High Ridge; and Bill
Hickle, a judge and lawyer in Rolla. In a sign of Blunt's influence, both state
Senate candidates are using the same advertising firm that the governor used in
the fall, Thompson Communications of Springfield, Mo.

Meanwhile, former Gov. Roger Wilson, who's now head of the Missouri Democratic
Party, has been campaigning in the 16th District on behalf of his party's Senate
choice, state Rep. Frank Barnitz of Lake Spring.

Attorney General Jay Nixon, a former state senator from Jefferson County, is
leading the Democratic drive to aid the Senate bid of state Rep. Rick Johnson,
D-High Ridge, a lawyer and Gulf War veteran. Johnson also has hired Telephone
Contact, a telemarketing firm owned by veteran Democratic consultant Joyce
Aboussie.

Both contests have their quirks. In the 16th, Barnitz and Hickle both emphasize
their opposition to abortion and their support for gun rights. But in a partisan
switch, Republican Hickle appears to be getting more support from fellow lawyers
whereas the National Rifle Association has endorsed Barnitz, the Democrat.

Still, it's Jefferson County that's generating most of the interest. There,
voters will face an unusually crowded cast of candidates competing to succeed
Democrat Steve Stoll, who resigned in January to become the city administrator
in Festus.

The contenders are:

- Alter, 60, who says he's the only "true conservative," pro-business candidate
and Jefferson County's best hope for clout in the GOP-ruled state Capitol.

- Johnson, 35, who emphasizes his low-income childhood and his stint in the Navy
-- his Web site features submarine noises -- as part of his message that he is
the "voice without fear" who can stand up to Blunt.

- Harold Selby, 47, a Democratic legislator from Cedar Hill who's running as an
independent candidate because he contends that Johnson is too liberal. Selby's
centerpiece is his call for eliminating the state's auto-emissions testing
program.

- Zip Rzeppa, 53, a former sportscaster and current social worker who turned
down a personal appeal from Blunt to stay out. Rzeppa accuses the GOP of
"turning its back on the pro-life cause" because of internal splits over a bill
banning stem cell research using cloning technology. Blunt has said he'll veto
the measure.

The independent candidacies of Rzeppa and Selby have complicated the picture for
both major parties, who privately fear that either man could be a spoiler.
Rzeppa begins airing TV ads this week.

Alter and Johnson have chosen to primarily ignore the two other candidates.

With GOP help, Alter was the first candidate airing TV ads. He has already spent
well over $100,000 for time on St. Louis television stations, even though the
bulk of the stations' viewers live outside Jefferson County. His latest barrage
of ads paint Johnson as the typical tax-and-spend Democrat.

"It's an expensive way to get (Alter's) message out, but it's getting the
message out," said state Republican Party consultant John Hancock. Alter also is
expected to benefit from some of the $1.3 million that the state GOP has amassed
in its bank account.

"They're trying to buy the seat," asserted state Democratic Party spokesman Jack
Cardetti, whose party is preparing to send out mailers in support of Johnson.

Johnson, who won't discuss his ad plans, says Alter's ads distort his record.
Nixon says Alter is espousing "negative, backwards leadership" that will hurt
the county and the state.

Still, both major-party candidates are treading lightly on the topics fueling
much of the behind-the-scenes political passion.

Alter, Selby and Rzeppa are social conservatives. All oppose abortion and say
they back the bill banning stem cell research using cloning technology and would
vote to override Blunt's veto. Alter is promoting the National Rife
Association's decision to endorse only him.

Johnson opposes the ban on stem cell research, which he says can generate jobs
and cure diseases. But otherwise, his social stands are nuanced -- prompting
opponents' jabs. Johnson says he personally opposes abortion but also opposes
making it illegal. He says he owns guns but opposed the concealed-weapons
statute because it overturned the 1999 statewide vote against the idea. Johnson
notes that he is backed by the state Fraternal Order of Police.

But it is Alter who carefully measures his comments regarding the state program
cuts. Johnson, Selby and Rzeppa accuse the governor and the GOP legislative
leaders of unfairly targeting Medicaid, which helps the poor and disabled. Alter
says he has yet to take a position on any proposed state-program cuts. Instead,
Alter emphasizes his general desire to protect the poor and elderly.

Business groups are solidly behind Alter. The St. Louis Labor Council, which is
siding with Barnitz in the 16th, is staying out of the Jefferson County battle.
Member unions are split over Johnson and Selby, said council President Robert
Soutier. Rzeppa also says he is pro-labor.

For all the flurry of partisan maneuvering and fund raising, GOP consultant
Zemitzsch hasn't changed his general assessment of the statewide stakes.

"This is all about bragging rights," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  ELECTION 2005

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 Photo - Alter  Republican   Photo - Johnson  Democrat   Photo - Selby
Independent   Photo - Rzeppa  Independent

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday

Surprisingly strong season helps cement Alter's status;
Girls basketball program earning reputation of success

BYLINE: By Dave Long dlong@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-24

LENGTH: 824 words


KETTERING - A tradition of basketball success no longer is the sole possession
of the boys at Alter High School.

"With what we did this year, I think we are now are part of the tradition of
basketball excellence at Alter," girls coach Chris Hart said.

"I think we've established ourselves as a program that will contend for league
and district championships on a yearly basis and get mentioned in the ratings."

The Alter girls went 18-6 this season.

They tied Cincinnati Roger Bacon High School for the Gray Division title in the
Girls Greater Catholic League, won their second straight Division II district
championship and finished No. 1 in the Dayton Daily News Division II ratings.

All that came after graduating five of the top six players from a team that went
19-5 in the 2003-04 season.

"To say we surprised everyone in our league and the area would be an
understatement," Hart said. "No one outside of our program expected us to have
this kind of a year. Going into the season we (the coaching staff) thought this
would be a good team, but we never envisioned this kind of a year.

"These girls far exceeded our expectations."

Hart and associate head coach Kendal Peck now have teams that have gone 18-6,
19-5, 19-4, 22-4 and 14-9 in the past five years.

The past four years, Alter teams have either won or tied for the championship in
the Gray Division.

Those teams have also finished the season in the top 15 in the Associated Press
Division II state rankings.

Alter has had teams in the Division II district championship games five of the
last six years.

It lost in the regional semifinals the past two years and made it to the state
semifinals in 2002, losing to Columbus Mifflin High School.

"If you take a look at where we draw the majority of our students from -
Fairmont, Centerville, Bellbrook, Miamisburg (school districts) - they all had
great years, too," Hart said.

"We (all the south suburban high school basketball coaches) owe a lot to the
grade school, middle school and AAU coaches who have done a great job with kids
in their programs. When they get to us as freshmen, they're fundamentally sound
and have an idea what it takes to win."

This year's Alter team was a combination of seniors who have experienced success
in the past and talented young players who were members of successful reserve
(17 wins) and freshman (15 wins) teams last year.

"Our seniors were the key because they made a commitment to be good leaders,"
Hart said. "I know you hear every coach talk about senior leadership, but it's
true. Most of the younger players follow what the seniors do. If they don't have
a great work ethic, a winning attitude and good chemistry, it can be a long
season."

Christina Santos, who averaged 3.1 points per game, Kristen Stichwech (4.3) and
Danielle Graham (6.0) were the returning seniors with the most playing time.

"They set the tone during summer leagues and our team camp," Hart said. "Chris
Santos did an especially good job running the offense. She didn't have the kind
of offensive year she wanted, but did a great job as the point guard and on
defense."

Much of Alter's success came from a defense that allowed 43 points a game and
allowed opponents to hit only 37 percent of their shots.

"You have to play good, physical defense to compete in our league," Hart said.
"Our kids got after it on defense from the first day of practice. We struggled
some on offense early until some of the younger kids came along. The last half
of the season we were a pretty good all-around team."

Louise VandenBosch, a 5-10 sophomore, was the leading scorer at 10.1, followed
by 6-foot junior Caitlyn Mauch at 9.8 and 5-8 junior Autumn Heflin at 6.5.

The top players off the bench were 5-8 freshman Courtney Chihil, 5-9 junior
Jennifer Van Oss and 5-5 senior Krista Dorsten.

"I'm optimistic about the next few years," Hart said.

"We have a solid inside game coming back next year. We have to find guards. But
our reserve team won 14 games, our freshmen 13 and the seventh- and eighthgrade
teams at our feeder schools all had good records."

Contact Dave Long at 225-2251. ALTER 2004-05 HIGHLIGHTS

* Tied with Cincinnati Roger Bacon High School for Gray Division championship in
Girls Greater Catholic League, fourth straight year team has won or tied for
league title.

* Won third district title in last four years including second straight, team
has made district final six of last seven years.

* Finished No. 1 in 'Dayton Daily News' Division II ratings.

* Finished No. 13 in final state Associated Press D-II ratings, fifth straight
year team has been in top 15 in state.

* Sophomore Louise VandenBosch: firstteam on 'DDN' Division II All-Area team,
first-team All-GGCL and second-team Associated Press Division II All-Southwest
District team; junior Caitlyn Mauch: first-team All-GGCL and second-team 'DDN'
All-Area team; senior Christina Santos: second-team All-GGCL; and seniors
Danielle Graham and Kristen Stichwech: All-GGCL honorable mention.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BILL LACKEY/COX NEWS SERVICE ALTER HIGH SCHOOL'S Christina Santos
(second from right) and Kenton Ridge's Justi Harris (right) scramble for a loose
ball as Louise VandenBosch (second from left) and Kenton Ridge's Sharese Downs
close in.
RON ALVEY/DAYTON DAILY NEWS COURTNEY CHIHIL (right) of Alter High School puts up
a shot as she's guarded by Ayrizanna Favours of Columbus Eastmoor Academy, while
Louise VandenBosch of Alter and Ashlee Graves jostle for rebound position. The
two teams played in a Division II regional semifinal game at Vandalia Butler
High School.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Unbeatens face showdowns;
Week 7 arrives with 12 teams sporting perfect records.;
FOOTBALL NOTES

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 512 words


It doesn't get any better than this for a dozen area high school football teams.
That's how many teams remain unbeaten heading into today's Week 7 games.

Wayne (6-0) and Centerville (6-0) are likely headed to a rare Week 10 showdown
of unbeaten Division I rivals that would decide the Greater Western Ohio
Conference Central Division title.

Centerville beat Wayne 28-20 in the 1984 regular-season finale to go 10-0. Both
teams were 9-0 entering that contest.

In 1999 Centerville beat Wayne 35-14 in an epic Week 9 match-up when both were
8-0. More than 13,000 spectators packed Heidkamp Stadium for that game, which
Huber Heights and school officials won't allow again.

Centerville was knocked out of the second round of the playoffs that year by
Elder and Wayne fell to Cleveland St. Ignatius in the state final.

The Cross County Conference is loaded with Miami East (6-0), Tri-County North
(6-0) and surprising Twin Valley South (5-0). East and North play next week and
South plays North and East in Weeks 9-10.

Defending state champs Coldwater and Marion Local, both 6-0, will likely decide
the Midwest Athletic Conference title today at Maria Stein.

Wilmington (6-0) is at Clinton-Massie (6-0) next week in what should decide the
revamped South Central Ohio League title.

Kenton Ridge (Central Buckeye Conference), Alter (Greater Catholic League North)
and Greeneview (Ohio Heritage Conference) also are 6-0.

? Alter's 58-7 dismantling of Withrow in Week 2 has been changed to a 1-0
forfeit win for the Knights because of an ineligible Withrow player.

Alter faces a major schedule uptick to finish the regular season. Ranked No. 2
in the state Division IV rankings, the Knights haven't beaten a winning team.

Alter hosts Badin (5-1) today at Fairmont. Next week Alter is at McNicholas
(6-0), which is ranked No. 3 in D-IV. Following a Week 9 game at Carroll the
Knights host Chaminade Julienne (5-1) at Springboro in Week 10.

CJ hosts McNicholas this week in a Saturday night special at Wayne.

? Northmont (3-3), Bellbrook (4-2) and Fenwick (2-4) all own deceiving records.

Northmont's three losses are to Hilliard Darby (5-1), Lakota East (5-1) and
Springboro (5-1). There's no immediate relief for the Thunderbolts, who are at
Centerville today and then host Wayne.

Bellbrook opened 0-2, but lost to Miamisburg (5-1) and Xenia (5-1). Its 33-0
smashing of Valley View last week was more telling.

And then there's Fenwick (2-4). The Falcons have been beaten by Cincinnati Hills
Christian Academy (6-0), Mount Healthy (6-0), Alter (6-0) and McNicholas (6-0).

? There's no accusing Thurgood Marshall (3-3) of dodging tough competition,
either. The Cougars are at defending D-III state champ Akron St. Vincent-St.
Mary (4-2) today. The Cougars also have played Trotwood-Madison, Alter, Winton
Woods and Columbus Hartley.

? Surprising Xenia (5-1) has lost only to two-time defending D-I state champ
Moeller. The Buccaneers are at Springboro (5-1) today in what could decide the
GWOC South title.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.Pen dleton@coxinc.com
Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 16, 2007 Friday

It's time to rise and shine for Alter's Douville;
Senior swimmer's hard work pays off in trip to today's southwest District meet
at Miami University.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 410 words


Chris Douville couldn't help but smile. The Alter High School swimmer was taking
part in the football team's early morning workout at 6:30 a.m., listening to
football players groan.

For Douville, that's considered sleeping in.

"It is kind of special knowing you put in that kind of time," Douville said of
his daily 4:15 a.m. wake-up time, swim practice from 5 to 6:30 a.m., then
school. "That's one great thing swimming has taught me. I know how to budget my
time."

The senior's time will be especially valuable today. Douville swims against the
clock at the boys Southwest District meet at Miami University's Corwin M. Nixon
Aquatic Center. The top three in each event automatically qualify for state.
Eleven at-large swimmers also advance. The girls district is Saturday at Miami.
Douville, who will swim for the University of Notre Dame, enters with the
district's fifth fastest time in the 500 freestyle (4:43.36) and eighth fastest
in the 200 individual medley (1:59.74). Last season he finished second at
district in the 500 (4:36.46) and eighth at state (4:45.12).

St. X marks the spot

For Dayton-area swimmers, winning district is almost as tough as winning state.
They have Cincinnati schools to thank for that.

Centerville's girls won the D-I district last season. Cincinnati schools took
the next seven places. Cincinnati schools claimed the top six spots in both the
girls D-II and the boys meet.

Though Cincinnati's girls state dominance has been interrupted by Gates Mills
Hawken, St. Xavier has won eight straight boys state titles and 28 overall.

"You want to see the Dayton swimmers do well," Alter's Douville said. "There is
a Dayton versus Cincinnati rivalry. This year Cincinnati has a lot of good
seniors, but over the next years I think you'll see more swimmers from Dayton,
Springfield and Columbus."

Douville said he knows many of the Cincinnati swimmers, turning the rivalry into
a friendly one.

"It's interesting seeing all the St. X swimmers there," Douville said of the
Bombers, who hold seven of 11 district swimming records. "Their whole team
basically makes district. They'll have like 20 guys there and Alter will have
about seven or eight."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991 or
gbilling@DaytonDailyNews.com.

District meet

Girls Division II: Swimming at 12:15 p.m. Saturday; diving at 4 p.m. Sunday

Girls Division I: Swimming at 6:30 p.m. Saturday (diving was Thursday)

Boys: Swimming at 6:30 p.m. today; diving at 7 p.m. Sunday

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Chris Douville had to catch his breath at last year's state
meet after swimming to an eighth-place finish in the 500 freestyle. Staff photo
by John Boyle
Douville (right) won the 200 individual medley at last week's sectional,
advancing to districts along with Oakwood's Michael Cobb (left). Staff photo by
Chris Stewart

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday

Surprisingly strong season helps Alter cement status;
Girls basketball program earning reputation of success

BYLINE: By Dave Long dlong@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SOUTHWEST; Pg. Z8-22

LENGTH: 833 words


KETTERING - A tradition of basketball success no longer is the sole possession
of the boys at Alter High School.

"With what we did this year, I think we are now are part of the tradition of
basketball excellence at Alter," girls coach Chris Hart said. "I think we've
established ourselves as a program that will contend for league and district
championships on a yearly basis and get mentioned in the ratings."

The Alter girls went 18-6 this season. They tied Cincinnati Roger Bacon High
School for the Gray Division title in the Girls Greater Catholic League, won
their second straight Division II district championship and finished No. 1 in
the Dayton Daily News Division II ratings.

All that came after graduating five of the top six players from a team that went
19-5 in the 2003-04 season.

"To say we surprised everyone in our league and the area would be an
understatement," Hart said. "No one outside of our program expected us to have
this kind of a year. Going into the season we (the coaching staff) thought this
would be a good team, but we never envisioned this kind of a year.

"These girls far exceeded our expectations."

Hart and associate head coach Kendal Peck now have teams that have gone 18-6,
19-5, 19-4, 22-4 and 14-9 in the past five years.

The past four years, Alter teams have either won or tied for the championship in
the Gray Division.

Those teams have also finished the season in the top 15 in the Associated Press
Division II state rankings.

Alter has had teams in the Division II district championship games five of the
last six years.

It lost in the regional semifinals the past two years and made it to the state
semifinals in 2002, losing to Columbus Mifflin High School.

"If you take a look at where we draw the majority of our students from -
Fairmont, Centerville, Bellbrook, Miamisburg (school districts) - they all had
great years, too," Hart said.

" We (all the south suburban high school basketball coaches) owe a lot to the
grade school, middle school and AAU coaches who have done a great job with kids
in their programs. When they get to us as freshmen, they're fundamentally sound
and have an idea what it takes to win."

This year's Alter team was a combination of seniors who have experienced success
in the past and talented young players who were members of successful reserve
(17 wins) and freshman (15 wins) teams last year.

"Our seniors were the key because they made a commitment to be good leaders,"
Hart said. "I know you hear every coach talk about senior leadership, but it's
true. Most of the younger players follow what the seniors do. If they don't have
a great work ethic, a winning attitude and good chemistry, it can be a long
season."

Christina Santos, who averaged 3.1 points per game, Kristen Stichwech (4.3) and
Danielle Graham (6.0) were the returning seniors with the most playing time.

"They set the tone during summer leagues and our team camp," Hart said. "Chris
Santos did an especially good job running the offense. She didn't have the kind
of offensive year she wanted, but did a great job as the point guard and on
defense."

Much of Alter's success came from a defense that allowed 43 points a game and
allowed opponents to hit only 37 percent of their shots.

"You have to play good, physical defense to compete in our league," Hart said.
"Our kids got after it on defense from the first day of practice. We struggled
some on offense early until some of the younger kids came along. The last half
of the season we were a pretty good all-around team."

Louise VandenBosch, a 5-foot-10 sophomore, was the leading scorer at 10.1,
followed by 6-foot junior Caitlyn Mauch at 9.8 and 5-foot-8 junior Autumn Heflin
at 6.5.

The top players off the bench were 5-foot-8 freshman Courtney Chihil, 5-foot-9
junior Jennifer Van Oss and 5-foot-5 senior Krista Dorsten.

"I'm optimistic about the next few years," Hart said.

"We have a solid inside game coming back next year. We have to find guards. But
our reserve team won 14 games, our freshmen 13 and the seventh- and eighth-grade
teams at our feeder schools all had good records."

Contact Dave Long at 225-2251. ALTER 2004-05 SEASON HIGHLIGHTS

* Tied with Cincinnati Roger Bacon High School for Gray Division championship in
Girls Greater Catholic League, fourth straight year team has won or tied for
league title.

* Won third district title in last four years including second straight, team
has made district final six of last seven years.

* Finished No. 1 in 'Dayton Daily News' Division II ratings.

* Finished No. 13 in final state Associated Press Division II ratings, fifth
straight year team has been in top 15 in state rankings.

* Sophomore Louise VandenBosch: first-team on 'DDN' Division II All-Area team,
first-team All-GGCL and second-team Associated Press Division II All-Southwest
District team; junior Caitlyn Mauch: first-team All-GGCL and second-team 'DDN'
All-Area team; senior Christina Santos: second-team All-GGCL; and seniors
Danielle Graham and Kristen Stichwech: All-GGCL honorable mention.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RON ALVEY/DAYTON DAILY NEWS ALTER HIGH SCHOOL'S Courtney Chihil (right)
puts up a second-half shot as she's guarded by Ayrizanna Favours of Columbus
Eastmoor Academy. The two teams played in a Division II regional semifinal game
at Vandalia Butler High School. In the background, Alter's Louise VandenBosch
(left) and Eastmoor's Ashlee Graves get positioned for the potential rebound.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 5, 2010 Tuesday

In clash of ranked teams, Fenwick wins

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 349 words


The Fenwick Falcons claimed a 2-1 win over Alter in a battle of state-ranked
teams in girls high school soccer Monday.

Fenwick (7-2-3, 5-0-1 Girls Greater Cincinnati Conference) grabbed the lead
roughly four minutes into the match on an own goal. That 1-0 lead held up
through the rest of the first half and almost 30 minutes into the second before
the second Fenwick score.

With just under two minutes to play, Alter senior forward Abby Riazzi scored off
an assist by sophomore forward Erica Firsdon to pull the Knights (6-4-1, 2-3-0)
within a goal.

Alter is ranked fourth and Fenwick 10th in the latest Ohio Scholastic Soccer
Coaches Association Division II state poll.

Carroll 9, Purcell Marian 0: Catherine Devitt led the Patriots with three goals
and Emily Baldwin added two more. Carroll improved to 8-1-3.

Troy 2, Northmont 0: Senior Taylor Markowitz scored both goals on assists from
senior Erin Yenney. Trojans sophomore goalkeeper MacKenzie Sholtz had five
saves. Troy improved to 8-2-1; Northmont fell to 6-4-1.

Trotwood 3, Springfield 2: Rams junior Asia Fuqua had two goals and an assist,
including the game-clinching goal with 15 minutes to play, and JonNeice Turney
had two assists. Trotwood improved to 5-5-2; Springfield fell to 3-8-2.

Springboro 9, West Carrollton 0: The Panthers used senior power to defeat the
Pirates. Ryan Ford led the charge with three goals and two assists, Jaclyn
Elmore had a goal and two assists, Sarah Drake had a goal and an assist and
Kelly Johnson scored two goals. Springboro improved to 9-2-2.

Boys Soccer

Centerville 3, Talawanda 0: Senior forward Memme Onwudiwe scored the first two
goals for the Elks, who entered ranked fifth in the latest state Division I
coaches poll. Centerville improved to 12-0-1.

Contact the DDN with information as soon as possible after games. Info received
from calls, faxes or e-mails after 10:30 p.m. will be published only on
DaytonDailyNews.com. To report scores call 225-2250, 225-2405, 225-7492,
225-2412, 225-2381, fax 225-7352 or e-mail sports@DaytonDa ilyNews.com. To
report weekly stats, send by fax or e-mail only.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fenwick's Sydney Neal (left) and Alter's Lauren Mershad battle in the
first half at Fenwick Monday. Contributed photo by E.L. Hubbard

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Top-ranked Alter set for semifinals;
Defending champs take on Columbus Eastmoor today.;
GIRLS BASKETBALL

BYLINE: By Doug Harris

SECTION: ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 517 words


Alter junior guard Braxtin Miller is being heavily recruited by Top 25 schools.
Miller averaged 17 points a game to lead the GCL.

Alter girls basketball coach Chris Hart has made enough trips to state - seven
in all with the Knights - that she's learned not to pile so much on her players
beforehand that they're burned out by the time they get there.

Sometimes the secret to success is making sure they get a break from the tourney
grind.

"You get to this point of the year, and everybody is exhausted mentally and
physically," said Hart, who is in her 22nd year. "We're doing our best to get
the kids back mentally, physically and emotionally so they're prepared to play
as hard as they can."

Top-ranked Alter (26-2), presumably primed and ready, will face Columbus
Eastmoor Academy (22-4) in the Division II state semifinals at Ohio State's
Schottenstein Center at 6 p.m. today. The Knights won state crowns in 2015 and
'08 and finished second in '14 and '10.

ln the other semi, Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown (17-10) will play fifth-ranked
Ottawa-Glandorf (24-2) at 8 p.m. The winners meet at 2 p.m. Saturday.

The Knights, who went 30-0 last season, have three Division I recruits. Senior
forward Hayley Combs is headed to Northern Kentucky, while junior guard Libby
Bazelak has committed to Atlantic 10 co-champion Duquesne.

Junior guard Braxtin Miller hasn't settled on a school, and plenty of national
powers are anxiously awaiting that decision.

"She's being recruited by most of the top 25 teams in the country," Hart said.
"You don't have the opportunity to have that kind of talent very often.

"She can do a lot of things, and she can change a game with her athleticism,
ball-handling and ability to score in various ways."

Miller leads all Greater Catholic League players at 17 points per game, while
Bazelak is fourth in scoring (14.7) and rebounding (7.6) and first in assists
(4.0) and steals (4.1).

"Libby does a lot of different things. Many of them show up on the stat sheet,
but not always," Hart said. "She's very intelligent. Her basketball IQ is
extremely high. She's truly a student of the game."

Miller, Bazelak and Combs are three-year starters and have led Alter to an 85-3
record in that span.

But Eastmoor has some star power, too. Amani Burke, a 5-9 senior, averages 14.9
points and is the D-II state co-player of the year. She's an Ohio University
recruit and the sister of former Michigan star and Utah Jazz guard Trey Burke.

"She's legit," Hart said. "She can shoot it. She can get it to the rim. She's
willing to be physical.

"As a team, they can spread you out and drive you. That's probably their biggest
attribute. They're so athletic and quick, and they rebound very well -
especially for an undersized team."

The squads have one common opponent. East-moor lost to Columbus Africentric
69-55 and 66-54, while Alter prevailed 63-48.

"Alter is fantastic," Eastmoor coach Charity Martin-Via said. "They have a lot
of cohesion, do a lot of good half-court offensive work and have great shooters
on the wing. They're such a solid team."

Contact this contributing

writer pdouglasharris@

yahoo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 10, 1996, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

STRAY SHOTS FROM JEFFERSON CITY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 377 words


Can this possibly be right? Not only do some Missouri legislators want to make
it easier for concealed weapons to be carried by people and in cars, but they
also want to fine the city of St. Louis because its law requiring locking
devices on guns is too tough. The longer the gun debate goes on in Jefferson
City, the stranger it becomes.

The latest absurdity is sponsored by Rep. Bill Alter, a High Ridge Republican
who is taking aim at St. Louis' requirement that gun owners buy locks for their
firearms. He says the local ordinance is illegal because it violates a state law
on pre-emption - that is, cities may not pass laws on gun sales, transfer,
ownership, use, possession, transportation, licensing, permit, registration and
ammunition. The Alter proposal would fine cities and counties $ 1,000 a month
for trying to get tough on guns.

With violence on the streets an everyday occurrence, why would anyone try to
punish a city that is trying to curb the bloodshed? Isn't it bad enough that
police chiefs and other cooler heads have to battle every year against laws
allowing Missourians to carry concealed weapons? The latest bad idea would let
drivers have weapons in their cars.

Do such laws really help stop crime, by making would-be bad guys stop and worry
whether their intended victims might be able to get the drop on them? Terry
Ganey, the chief of the Post-Dispatch bureau in Jefferson City, went to Florida
to check out its experience with concealed weapons as crime stoppers and found
the evidence mixed. Some say crime is down; others say no one can tell what the
real effect has been.

In Killeen, Texas, friends and relatives of Kenny Tavai don't have to wonder.
Last month, he got into a shouting match after a traffic accident in Dallas.
Police say the other driver, Gordon Reid Hale III, was carrying a .40-caliber
pistol under that state's new concealed weapon permit law; when the argument got
overheated, he shot and killed Mr. Tavai. Such an outcome is just what Missouri
opponents to concealed weapons have warned against.

Concealed weapons are bad; so is punishing St. Louis for trying to make its
streets safe. The time has come for lawmakers to make those two points clear and
end what could be a deadly debate.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 4, 2010 Thursday

Alter meal to raise money for charity

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD3

LENGTH: 76 words


Alter High School's 18th annual Meal for the Community will be held from 10:30
a.m. to 1 p.m. Nov. 10, in Alter's auxiliary gym.

The lunch consists of soup, salad, and dessert, prepared by the Alter peer
ministers for parents, friends, and members of the Dayton community.

There is no charge for the lunch, but donations are accepted.

Any proceeds will go to the Alter Key Club's Thanksgiving Drive, which provides
meals for the needy families in the Dayton area.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    June 17, 1987, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Canadian 12th in Hobie 18 sailing champs

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 638 words


   Jeff Alter of the United States won both races yesterday as the Hobie 18
sailing world championship semifinals began on Humber Bay. Alter, of Captistrano
Beach, Calif., leads the over-all standings after two races, followed by
American skippers Alan Egusa, Bob Seaman and Carlton Tucker. Hobie Alter of the
United States and Gavin Luxton of Australia are tied for fifth place. Top
Canadian is Paul Marner of Toronto in 12th place. The 72 crews of two sailors
will continue the round robin today and tomorrow to eliminate 36 boats. The
remaining 36 will participate in the finals on Friday and Saturday. Alwin Van
Daelaen of the Netherlands is in seventh place, followed consecutively by
Australians Brett Dryland, Mark Laruffa and Clive Kennedy.

Equestrian Canada's Pan-Am team

The Canadian equestrian team has named seven riders and their horses as Canada's
three-day event team at the Pan American Games. The team, expected to vie with
American riders for the medals at the Games to be held Aug. 7-23 in
Indianapolis, includes Stuart Black of Caledon, Ont., Philippe Desourdy of
Bromont, Que., Jamie Smart of King, Ont., Moira Tone of Ottawa, David
Wilding-Davies of Langley, B.C., as well as reserve riders Martha Griggs of
Shelburne, Ont., and Robert Schinke of Wendover, Ont. Three-day eventing is an
Olympic sport consisting of dressage, a cross-country run and stadium jumping.
Canada won the team gold medal in three-day eventing at the 1978 world
championships in Kentucky.

Fastball Canadians finish third

New Zealand defeated Japan 2-0 yesterday to win a women's international fastball
tournament in Taipei, Taiwan. Canada beat the defending champion United States
2-0 and finished third. Malaysia, the Philippines and two Taiwanese teams also
competed in the 11-day invitational event.

Sailing Smooth sailing for Italian

Italian skipper Francesco De Angelis steered Lecoq Hardy to victory in
yesterday's opening race of the world sailing championships of the J24 class.
The race was held in strong winds off the Italian island of Capri. Defending
world champion Ken Read of the United States, sailing Guapparia, was seventh.
The six-event competition lasts through Sunday. American Vince Brun, racing
Stucco, was second and Ed Baird of the United States, aboard X, was third.

Cycling Swiss takes lead

Werner Stutz of Switzerland won the opening time trial of the Tour de Suisse
road cycling race yesterday, clocking 11 minutes, 21.12 seconds in an
8.5-kilometre test at Affoltern. Defending titlist Andrew Hampsten of the United
States finished second in the individual race against the clock, 2.14 seconds
behind Stutz. Guido Winterberg of Switzerland was third with 11:28.43. Fourth
was teammate Tony Rominger in 11:30.31. Rain, wind and cold created tough
conditions for most of the 132 starters. The 10-leg tour over nearly 1,700
kilomtres in eastern Switzerland has its first full road stage today. The race
finishes June 25.

Boxing Blow for Hearns

Thomas Hearns will lose his ranking as the No. 1 middleweight contender by the
International Boxing Federation, an IBF spokesman said yesterday after a judge
in Detroit dismissed Hearns' restraining order. Hearns, the World Boxing Council
light-heavyweight champion, had filed the order in an effort to stop the IBF
from stripping him of the ranking and denying him a title opportunity. Michael
Olajide, formerly of Vancouver and ranked No. 2 in current rankings, will meet
one of Iran Barkley, Juan Roldan or Frank Tate for the vacant middleweight
crown, IBF spokesman Cy Roseman said.

Baseball Leafs meet Cardinals

Righthander Pat Scanlon will be trying for his fourth straight victory tonight
(8 p.m.) when the Toronto Maple Leafs meet Hamilton Cardinals in Intercounty
Major Baseball League action at Christie Pits.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 18, 2013 Friday

Springs council alters mayor's plan

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words


Oct. 18--The Colorado Springs City Council wants to put another $2 million into
its efforts to develop a regional stormwater approach in the next year.

In a letter to Mayor Steve Bach, the council outlined a plan to create a
stormwater appropriation department dedicated to stormwater operations and
maintenance.

The council is proposing taking the money from the 2013 fund balance and cited
legal grounds for certain budgetary powers to alter line items in its letter.

The move comes as the council and mayor are at odds over the approach to
stormwater obligations.

Bach this week issued his budget letter, including $25 million for stormwater
projects. His proposal would reallocate $9 million of city funds, coupled with
$7.2 million in pending grants and $8.8 million in emergency funds related to
fire restoration.

The mayor has proposed reconfiguring the city's bond structure to set aside $100
million for stormwater projects over a five-year period as part of a five-year
capital improvement campaign.

The council wants to work with El Paso County and neighboring communities on a
regional approach that has been discussed by a task force the past year. Bach
has not met with the task force.

Pueblo County commissioners and the board of the Lower Arkansas Valley Water
Conservancy District have been pushing Colorado Springs to bring its efforts at
stormwater control to the same level as in 2009, before City Council abolished
the Colorado Springs stormwater enterprise.

They contend Colorado Springs obtained permits for Southern Delivery System, a
$940 million project to bring water from Lake Pueblo to El Paso County, based on
the existence of the enterprise as a way to control flows on Fountain Creek.

cwoodka@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131018-PB-Springs-council-alters-mayor-s-plan-1018-20131018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 20, 2006 Monday

Piqua won't have to travel far for next game;
Indians to battle Turpin at Welcome Stadium on Friday.

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 370 words


Piqua, welcome home; you've earned it.

The Indians' three-game cruise through the Division II high school football
playoffs has taken them to Toledo, Lima and Tiffin. But at 7:30 p.m. on Friday
it should feel like home when Piqua (11-2) meets Cincinnati Turpin (12-1) at
Welcome Stadium in the state semifinals.

"We're fortunate to defeat last year's champs (Toledo St. John) and this year's
No. 1 team," said Piqua coach Bill Nees following last Friday's 27-0 scorching
of Ashland, the state's top-ranked D-II team following the regular season.

"We hope we're on a roll. When you get to this point, once you get so far, why
not just take the next big step? We got a couple more steps."

Turpin crushed Carroll in its opener, handled Edgewood (which eliminated
Trotwood) and ended Harrison's season (which did likewise to Colonel White).

Piqua is one of four area teams that will play in this weekend's state semis.
The winners advance to the state finals at Canton and Massillon the following
weekend. The OHSAA announced semifinal pairings and sites on Sunday.

* The question isn't whether Alter is beatable; rather, can the Knights be
scored upon? So far, no.

Alter (13-0) posted its third straight postseason shutout Saturday with a 28-0
whipping of Sunbury Big Walnut. Next up is New Albany (9-4) on 7 p.m. Saturday
at Dublin Coffman.

New Albany lugged a 6-4 record and a No. 8 (last) seed into the playoffs. But
they've been unbeatable since, including a 10-6 knockout of Columbus DeSales
last week.

* St. Henry (12-1) drew Liberty-Benton (12-1) in the D-V semis at 2 p.m.
Saturday at Lima Senior. The Redskins were better than ever in a 53-20 defeat of
Lima Central Catholic in the regional final at Wapakaneta.

It'll be the ninth state semi for playoff-tested St. Henry, which also won the
'04 state title, its fourth.

* Marion Local (11-2) joins St. Henry in representing the Midwest Athletic
Conference. The Flyers are paired with Norwalk St. Paul (9-4) at Tiffin at 7:30
p.m. Friday.

* A preview of the D-I state championship will take place at 7 p.m. on Saturday
at Welcome Stadium when Colerain plays Hilliard Davidson in another state semi.
Both teams are 13-0.

Contact this writer at 225-2381 or mpendleton@DaytonDailyNews.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Hank Keighley (left) and Nick Anderson (right) stop Big Walnut
quarterback Ethan Wetzel. Alter has posted three shutouts in the postseason.
Associated Press photo by Paul Vernon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          September 27, 2006 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 SOONER EDITION

RENDELL RAISING MORE FUNDS THAN OPPONENT SWANN

BYLINE: TRACIE MAURIELLO, POST-GAZETTE HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: STATE; Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 553 words


Gov. Ed Rendell continues to attract substantially more campaign dollars than
Republican challenger Lynn Swann.

Mr. Rendell added $6.6 million to his campaign war chest between June and
September and spent about the same amount, according to an election finance
report filed yesterday. That brings his total campaign contributions to about
$26 million.

Mr. Swann, meanwhile, raised $3.7 million this period and spent $3.2 million.
His total contributions are $7.7 million so far.

That leaves Mr. Rendell with a balance of $13.8 million and Mr. Swann with $3.7
million, campaign finance reports show.

"We always knew we could not match an existing governor dollar-for-dollar so we
tried to leverage every existing dollar in strategic ways to have as much money
as we could when it counts, and that's exactly what we've done," said Leonardo
Alcivar, spokesman for Mr. Swann.

Mr. Rendell's largest single contribution this filing period was from the
Pennsylvania State Education Association which gave $265,000 on top of $235,000
in previous contributions. He also received $200,000 from the Democratic
Governor's Association in Washington, D.C. The association already had
contributed $590,000 in previous filing periods.

Other top contributions included $100,000 from Reynolds Construction Political
Action Committee in Harrisburg; $100,000 from the Metropolitan Regional Council
of Carpenters in Philadelphia; $100,000 from Dennis Alter, of Fort Washington,
who is chairman of Advanta Corp. in Spring House, Montgomery County; $100,000
from Philadelphia attorney Daniel Berger; $106,000 from Jack B. Piatt of
Canonsburg, who is chairman of the board at Millcraft Industries; $100,000 from
attorney James A. Shiner, of Tucson, Ariz. and $100,000 from attorney Lynn K.
Shiner, of Pittsburgh.

Mr. Swann, meanwhile, had no six-figure contributions.

His highest contributions came mostly from out of state.

"This is a campaign that's received national attention," Mr. Alcivar said. "Lynn
is a national figure and we'll take as much help as we can get."

Overall, 20 percent of Mr. Swann's contributions are from out-of-state sources,
Mr. Alcivar said.

In Mr. Rendell's first campaign, a full quarter of his contributions came from
outside Pennsylvania, The Associated Press reported in 2002.

Mr. Swann's top contributions this filing period include $50,000 from Miami
Dolphins owner Wayne Huizenga, of West Palm Beach, Fla.; $50,000 from Tudor
Investment Group executive James Pallotta, of Wellesley Hills, Mass.; $50,000
from the Republican State Committee and $50,000 from Doylene Perry and Bob J.
Perry, owner of Perry Homes in Houston.

Much of Mr. Swann's expenses were to out-of-state vendors, too. The biggest this
filing period was $1.54 million to SSG Media in Washington, D.C. The campaign
also paid $180,610 to Olsen and Shuvalov, an Austin, Texas company, for creative
services, printing and postage.

"It's not unusual to get a media consultant based out of the D.C. area or to
hire a national fundraising firm out of Texas," Mr. Alcivar said. "We go with
the best."

Mr. Rendell's largest expense this filing period was $4.65 million to The
Campaign Group in Philadelphia for media consulting and advertising, including
radio and television commercials.

To view campaign finance reports in their entirety, visit www.dos.state.pa.us.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tracie Mauriello can be reached at tmauriello@post-gazette.com or
1-717-787-2141.

CORRECTION-DATE: September 28, 2006



CORRECTION:  Dennis Alter, chairman of Advanta Corp. in Spring House, Montgomery
County, contributed $100,000 to Gov. Ed Rendell's re-election campaign. Mr.
Alter's name and the location of his business were incorrect in a story
yesterday about campaign finances. ** This story has been modified to correct
the spelling of Mr. Alter's last name and the location of his company. **

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 6, 2008 Thursday

Alter's Schmitt All-Ohio

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-10

LENGTH: 147 words


Alter's Annalyse Schmitt was a first-team selection on the Division II girls
All-Ohio volleyball team as chosen by the state volleyball coaches association.

She was the only player from the Knights to receive postseason honors at the
state level.

Alter (19-7) plays Columbus Hartley (22-5) in the D-II semifinals of the state
tournament at 2 p.m. today, Nov. 6, at Wright State's Nutter Center.

If they win, they would play in the state title game at 11 a.m. Saturday, Nov.
8.

Alter is looking for its fourth state title in eight years, winning
championships previously in 2002, 2003 and 2006.

* Oakwood's Peter Hix was fifth in the Division II state boys cross country race
in 15:50.77. Blake Diltz of Kettering Fairmont was 52nd in the D-I race in 16:
29.12.

Fairmont's Andrea Kelsey was 94th in the girls D-I race (20:29.89). Oakwood's
Julie Sizek was 43rd in the D-II race (20:15.17).

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 6, 2008 Thursday

Alter's Schmitt volleyball All-Ohio

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: CENTERVILLE AND WASHINGTON TWP; Pg. RH-10

LENGTH: 133 words


Alter's Annalyse Schmitt, a Centerville resident, was a first-team selection on
the Division II girls All-Ohio volleyball team as chosen by the state volleyball
coaches association.

She was the only player from the Knights to receive postseason honors at the
state level.

Alter (19-7) plays Columbus Hartley (22-5) in the D-II semifinals of the state
tournament at 2 p.m. today, Nov. 6, at Wright State's Nutter Center.

If they win, they would play in the state title game at 11 a.m. Saturday, Nov.
8.

Alter is looking for its fourth state title in eight years, winning
championships previously in 2002, 2003 and 2006.

* Centerville's Erin Krafka, a senior setter, was honorable mention on the D-I
All-Ohio team.

Lebanon's Kendle Rollins was the only area player to receive first-team honors
on the D-I team.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                       PYROMEX HOLDING AG in;Liquidation

                                Chollerstrasse 3
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  17. Juni 2008
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Rotkreuz, Schöngrund 1
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug, Chollerstrasse 3

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0417997210
TELEFAX: 0417997211

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406761113

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 29.10.2001
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 00


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  11. Juni 2015
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Qualifizierte Tatbestände neu: Ordentliche
Kapitalerhöhung durch Verrechnung von Forderungen von USD 2'500'000.00, wofür
1'900 Namenaktien zu CHF 1'000.00 ausgegeben werden.

MITTEILUNGSART:  Konkurs Art.731b OR
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  8. Mai 2015
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  12. Juni 2015
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  12. Dezember 2016
FRISTART 1:  Frist gem. Art. 230 Abs2 SchKG
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Konkursamt Zug 6301 Zug
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  Einstellung ma. Aktiven
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  22. November 2016
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  2. Dezember 2016
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Kostenvorschuss: CHF 5'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Keith Allaun
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Gainesville (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Richard Campbel Jackson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Forth Worth (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  David Moard
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Pasadena (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Peter Jeney
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Sempach



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  PYROMEX AG in Liquidation
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. Juli 1987
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'100'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  17. März 2015
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  Summarisches Verfahren

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Jean-François Stocker
ORT:  Neuheim
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zug

NAME:  Marcus Tuor
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Sumvitg GR

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  inaktiv
ENTWICKLUNG:  inaktiv
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften
829 - Erbringung sonstiger wirtschaftlicher Dienstleistungen für Unter

   Beteiligung an in- und ausländischen Firmen; kann damit zusammenhängende
Dienstleistungs- und Finanzierungsgeschäfte tätigen, sich an anderen
Unternehmungen beteiligen, Patente, andere Schutzrechte und Lizenzen erwerben,
auswerten und verwalten sowie Grundeigentum erwerben und verwalten.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  PYROMEX AG in Liquidation
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. Juli 1987
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'100'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  17. März 2015
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  Summarisches Verfahren

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  keine/aucune/no
STELLUNG:  Keine
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  Retreag Revisions AG
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  22. Mai 1969
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 4'000'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  4000000 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  4'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. August 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'000'000.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Juni 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'100'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  11. Juni 2015
ALTES DOMIZIL:  PYROMEX HOLDING AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  PYROMEX HOLDING AG in Liquidatio

DATUM:  28. Februar 2007
ALTES DOMIZIL:  OMRON OIL AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  PYROMEX HOLDING AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 12, 2004 Friday

C-J, Alter gear up for playof rematch;
Eagles have lost four straight to their GCL rival

BYLINE: By Sean McClelland smclelland@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: VARSITY - WARREN COUNTY; Pg. G12

LENGTH: 618 words


DAYTON - Personality is everything in football. So says Chaminade-Julienne coach
Jim Place, who thinks his team discovered a new one in last week's 42-14
firstround playoff thumping of Miami Trace.

There had been an identity earlier, but when star runner Javon Ringer hurt his
knee and missed three games, the Eagles struggled to get it back. Now they have
located it, Place contends, perhaps just in time to avenge their loss to Alter
two weeks ago.

C-J and Alter hook up Saturday night at 7 at Welcome Stadium in the Division
III, Region 12 semifinals. The winner plays for the regional championship
against the Indian Hill-St. Marys Memorial winner and, of course, holds local
Catholic bragging rights until next season.

Ringer, who had surgery last week to repair the anterior cruciate ligament in
his right knee, will miss his fifth game. C-J is 2-2 without him. In his place
against Trace, Notre Dame-bound Brandon Harrison scooted for 219 yards and three
touchdowns.

"Javon was such a huge part of our personality," Place said. "Everything he
does, he does with such strength. It took time to develop a new personality, but
you've got to adjust. It's more of an emotional adjustment.

"Not to make excuses, but we didn't have a personality yet (in back-to-back
losses to Cincinnati Elder and Alter), and I'm a huge believer in that. We felt
so good as a team Saturday night. Like a whole new person."

Harrison, who turned 18 that day, all but predicted victory in this rematch,
saying only a few mental mistakes prevented the Eagles from beating Alter the
first time around.

"The plan we had worked good," Place said. "We just have to execute better."

Put Alter's personality under the microscope and you find linebackers who call
themselves the "Trinity." So it's a clash between C-J's irresistible
senior-dominated forces, including but not limited to Harrison, quarterback Matt
Bruggeman and receiver John Bonner, and the formidable 'backer troika of Matt
Krystofik, Tim Mantica and A.J. Savino.

Alter prevailed in the earlier meeting, 21-14, when Joe Braner intercepted a
Bruggeman pass intended for Bonner on C-J's first play in overtime. The Knights
had scored on quarterback Danny Fortener's 1-yard dive.

After losing four straight to C-J, the Knights have turned the tables, taking
four in a row. A whole C-J class has yet to experience victory in this rivalry.

"I don't make too much of that," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said. "It doesn't really
help us a whole lot in this situation. But I guess if there's a plus, it's that
we should be confident that we can play with them."

C-J relies on the quick strike, even without Ringer. Alter will try to make the
Eagles earn every yard. On offense, Alter controlled the ball and the clock in
the first meeting, assembling 12- and 10-play touchdown drives under the
direction of Fortener, who might be the fastest player on the field other than
Harrison.

The underrated unit on the field might be C-J's defense, which is challenged
more than Place might prefer simply because the Eagles often score so fast.

If it comes down to special teams, C-J might have the edge with Ben Rosenbauer,
the top kicker in the Greater Catholic League. The 6-foot-4, 270-pound former
lineman has the leg to hit from long distance and his kickoffs are rarely
returned.

Place would concede no psychological advantage despite not having beaten the
Knights in seemingly forever.

"I don't think any one game has any bearing on the next," Place said. "You won't
hear the word revenge from us. This is just another team we're playing in the
playoffs. I don't think the fans look at it this way, which is good because that
means we'll have a great crowd."

Contact Sean McClelland at (937) 225-2408.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHRIS STEWART/DAYTON DAILY NEWS ALTER'S JOE BRANER (front) breaks up a
pass intended for Chaminade-Julienne's John Bonner.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                        INTEGRA Biosciences Holding AG;

                               Tardisstrasse 201
                                  Zizers 7205
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  4. Dezember 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Chur, Schönbühlstrasse 8
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zizers, Tardisstrasse 201

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0812869511
TELEFAX: 0812869510
INTERNET: www.integra-biosciences.com
E-MAIL: info@integra-bisociences.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406527183

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1960
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 05.10.1993
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 102


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  24. August 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  Einzelunternehmen
FIRMENNAME:  Petra-Plastic Chur, A. Gelmi
FIRMENORT:  Chur
AKTIVA:  CHF 902'310.00
PASSIVA:  CHF 176'195.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 726'115.00
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Sacheinlage: Die Gesellschaft übernimmt bei
der Kapitalerhöhung vom 23.07.2009 gemäss Vertrag vom 14.07.2009 7'500'000
Aktien zu US-$ 0.01 der Viaflo Inc., in Hudson
 WEITERE BETEILIGUNG(EN): INTEGRA Biosciences SAS, F-Cergy-Pontoise Cedex
WEITERE LIIERTE FIRMEN: INTEGRA Engineering India Ltd., IND-Halol

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Ing. Elmar Morscher
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Domat/Ems
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Würenlingen AG

NAME:  Gary Edward Nelson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Schenectady
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien mit einem Mitglied oder übrigen
Zeichnungsberechtigten mit Wohnsitz in der Schweiz.


NAME:  Roger Nitsch
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zumikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zumikon


NAME:  John Warren
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wrentham
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien mit einem Mitglieder oderübrigen
Zeichnungsberechtigen mit Wohnsitz in der Schweiz.


NAME:  Adrian Oehler
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Wetzikon ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Albert Gelmi
ORT:  Büren SO
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Tartar
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.10.2000 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Fritz Hauff
ORT:  Valbella
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Thunstetten
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  6. November 2002
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  Summarisches Verfahren
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 22.06.2000 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Vinzenz Hohl
ORT:  Beckenried
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Heiden AR, Beckenried NW
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.09.2002 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Lic.rer.pol. Werner Roman Schmidli
ORT:  Adligenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Adligenswil, Schwarzenberg
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.07.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alice Sachova
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.06.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Jeffrey Leathe
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Eliot
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien mit einem Mitglied oder übrigen
Zeichnungsberechtigten mit Wohnsitz in der Schweiz.


NAME:  Roland Brönnimann
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Frenkendorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wald BE



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  INTEGRA Holding AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Januar 1943
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 10'000'000.00

NAME:  INTEGRA Biosciences AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Zizers
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  23. Oktober 2009
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  INTEGRA Gruppe
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Thomas Schrofer
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Trimmis
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Trimmis GR

NAME:  Markus Findeis
ORT:  Weesen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Glarus Nord
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
10.05.2004 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Ing. Hans Jürg Jösler
ORT:  Tumegl/Tomils
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Jenaz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
13.06.2006 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Ing. Elmar Morscher
ORT:  Domat/Ems
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Würenlingen AG


NAME:  René Staedelin
ORT:  Rotkreuz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schwyz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
14.07.2003 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Ing. Joachim Steffan
ORT:  Giswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
14.07.2003 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Alexsander Studer
ORT:  Pratteln
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fraubrunnen, Grafenried
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
20.04.2009 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Ursula Bove
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Malix
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wolhusen LU


NAME:  Ing. Ernst Freydl
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Flawil SG


NAME:  Torbjörn Gripp
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Haldenstein
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Norwegen


NAME:  Ing. Ivo Mettier
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Felsberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Langwies GR, Arosa


NAME:  Thomas Neher
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Chur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


- Beteiligungen

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  nicht operativ tätig
ENTWICKLUNG:  Keine Erfahrungen
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften

   Halten und Verwalten von Beteiligungen an in- und ausländischen
Unternehmungen; vollständige Zweckumschreibung gemäss Statuten.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 22.00
2015                  CHF 23.00
2014                  CHF 23.00
2013                  CHF 22.80

BEMERKUNGEN:  Angaben Firmengruppe konsolidiert. (INTEGRA Biosciences-Gruppe)

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  INTEGRA Holding AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Januar 1943
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 10'000'000.00

NAME:  INTEGRA Biosciences Holding AG
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. November 1929
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'200'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Schuldenruf infolge Fusion
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Aktionär/in.


NAME:  INTEGRA Biosciences AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Zizers
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  23. Oktober 2009
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Aquametro AG
ORT:  Therwil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1991
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00

NAME:  Integra Immobilien AG
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  14. Oktober 1936
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 4'000'000.00


NAME:  Segnaletica Mordasini SA
ORT:  Giubiasco
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. April 1986
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Signal AG
ORT:  Büren an der Aare
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  6. November 1946
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Chur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Juni 2013

NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. Mai 1992



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Chur
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Wertangaben über Immobilien sind nicht erhältlich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'447'606.00
LIBIERUNG:  1'447'606.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  1'027'606
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Stimmrechts-Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  4'200'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Dezember 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'265'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'447'606.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. März 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'200'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'265'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. September 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 840'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'200'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Juli 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 800'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 840'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Mai 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 800'000.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  20. April 2009
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 2.38 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 12'100.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 2.37 Mio.

FUSIONDATUM:  29. März 2006
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 685'250.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 994'062.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 0.00


FUSIONDATUM:  25. Juni 2002
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 2.61 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 398'637.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 2.21 Mio.


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  4. Dezember 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  INTEGRA Biosciences AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  INTEGRA Biosciences Holding AG

DATUM:  14. Juli 2003
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Tecuria Engineering AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  INTEGRA Biosciences AG


DATUM:  25. Juni 2002
ALTES DOMIZIL:  INTEGRA Labortechnik AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Tecuria Engineering AG


DATUM:  13. Dezember 2000
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Petra Labortechnik AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  INTEGRA Labortechnik AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                           December 21, 2010 Tuesday

Alter Communications approaches Ch. 11 exit

BYLINE: by Jamie Mason

LENGTH: 787 words


Jewish newspaper publisher Alter Communications Inc.is close to exiting from
bankruptcy protection after its reorganization plan was confirmed.

Judge James F. Schneider of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of
Maryland in Baltimore confirmed the reorganization plan on Dec. 16, courtroom
minutes said.

The plan will take effect 30 days after it's confirmed, court papers said.

Under the reorganization plan, which was filed on Oct. 11, administrative claims
will be paid in full in cash. Priority tax claims will also be paid in full in
regular installments over a period not to exceed five years from the petition
date. Other priority claims will be paid in full on the plan's effective date.

Secured creditor Wells Fargo Bank NA, owed $659,458 in prepetition debt, will
have its debt reinstated in the reorganized company, and Alter Communications
will continue to perform under the prepetition loan document requirements.

Another secured creditor, Ronnie Buerger, owed $181,000, will receive payment of
all interest owed to her by Dec. 31. The remainder of the junior secured claim
will be reinstated with the reorganized company. The debtor will continue its
obligations under the loan documents beginning Jan. 1, the plan said.

Secured creditor Andrew Buerger, owed $42,000, will also receive all interest
owed to him on his debt by Dec. 31. From Jan. 1 until Dec. 1, 2015, Alter
Communications will pay Andrew Buerger $210 a month until he is repaid.

Alter Communications will compensate its landlord for the monetary defaults that
occurred under its lease within 60 days of the effective date of its plan.
Landlord 901 LLC is owed roughly $10,000, according to the plan.

Creditors owed less than $2,500 will receive 50% of what they are owed within
120 days of the plan's effective date.

Unsecured creditors will receive a pro-rata share of 85% of the company's net
cash from 2011 through 2015. The payments will be made every year on April 30.

Equity holders will be wiped out.

The company's current shareholders can buy its reorganized stock. General
unsecured creditors will also be able to buy a pro-rata share of 15% of its
reorganized equity. The stock will be purchased for a total of $41,000, the plan
said.

Alter's existing shareholders are Ronnie Buerger, the estate of Jodi Buerger,
Andrew Buerger, Kevin Buerger, Danielle Bunting and Lauren Buerger Holub.

Schneider conditionally approved the plan's disclosure statement on Oct. 14.

The company filed for Chapter 11 on April 14 due to contentious litigation with
former printerH.G. Roebuck & Son Inc. The litigation was causing cash flow
issues for the publisher, court papers said.

Alter Communications had a 10-year printing contract with H.G. Roebuck that
carried rates that were significantly in excess of market value once the
downturn in the economy hit. Alter asked H.G. Roebuck to readjust the pricing on
the contract and defaulted on it after H.G. Roebuck refused.

The printer sued Alter in February 2009 in Maryland state court for defaulting
on the contract. A judge in that case recently made a ruling resulting in a
$326,125 judgment against Alter Communications. Alter filed for bankruptcy
because it did not have the money to pay the judgment.

In October, H.G. Roebuck asked to terminate the debtor's exclusive right to file
and solicit acceptances to its reorganization plan because it claimed that the
plan gave existing equity holders 85% of its reorganized equity without any
meaningful market test.

Schneider denied the request on Dec. 1. H.G. Roebuck appealed the denial to the
U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland on Dec. 17, court papers said.

Alter Communications traces its roots to 1919, when David Alter started
publishing the Baltimore Jewish Times, a weekly newspaper that now has more than
50,000 readers.

According to court documents, the Baltimore Jewish Times is regarded as the
"Newsweek of Jewish journalism."

Alter Communications began a second publication, Style magazine, in 1989. Style
covers home design, fashion, food and regional travel, has 90,000 readers and is
published seven times a year.

In 2001, the debtor expanded its business further through the acquisition of
Chesapeake Life magazine. Chesapeake Life is published four times a year and
focuses on the Chesapeake region, from regional travel to places to eat.
Chesapeake Life has about 57,000 readers, court papers said.

In addition, Alter Communications in 2002 started Alter Custom Media, a
publishing division that provides publication, production, editing, Web design
and other services.

Alter Communications has 45 employees.

Alan M. Grochal and Maria Ellena Chavez-Ruark of Tydings & Rosenberg LLP are
debtor counsel.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-25 Million

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2015 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               November 10, 2015

                             Alter Energy Group AG

                        Seefeldstrasse 45, Postfach 522
                                  Zurich 8034
                                  Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Alter Energy Group AG - First Half Financial Statements - June 30 2014

   Sep 16, 2014

   The Directors of Alter Energy AG are pleased to announce the unaudited
financial results of the Company for the six month period ended 30 June 2014.The
Company reported no revenues or consolidated post-tax profit in the period
January to June 2014.Commenting on the results, Edward J. Klaeger IV, CEO of the
company, noted: "The first half of 2014 was positive for our developments in the
US and EU renewable energy markets. These activities more than offset the
temporary hold we had to place on our Ukraine projects, where we are ready to
re-engage under the right circumstances to capitalize on our expertise in the
Ukraine renewable energy market, most notably biomass heat and power production
with a vertically integrated woody biomass processing and logistics company. Our
US activities are moving forward and we see real value in what we are doing in
the high-end US retail wood pellet production for export to EU markets. We also
continue to develop our international biomass trading and have signed several
strategic agreements in Europe and the US to help implement the start-up phase."



Alter Energy Group - Final Results

   Jul 09, 2014

   The Board of Directors of Alter Energy Group AG (AEG) (the Issuer) announces
the disclosure of their 2013 year-end IFRS audited Financial
Statements.Principal activitiesThe principal activity of the company is
renewable energy development andfinance. Fair review of business The directors
are satisfied with the results for the period. Principal risks and uncertainties
The Company is currently operational but does not generate revenues. It requires
substantial investment capital and its investment activity is subject to several
risk factors: foreign currency risk, energy sector policies, political upheaval,
country risk in emerging markets, more established and larger competition,
macroeconomic changes. Key performance indicators Payment of feed-in-tariffs and
payment for wood pellets produced and shipped will determine our earnings per
share, future investment activity, successful expansion of other projects the
company is currently researching and share price valuation.


Alter Energy Group AG - AEG receives approval for listing on GXG Main Quote

   Feb 11, 2014

   ALTER ENERGY GROUP AG ("AEG") announces today that it has received approval
to float 100% of its common stock in London on the GXG Main Quote Exchange under
the trade symbol: AEGC with WKN: A0MW07 and ISIN: CH0032424969. The opening
price will be ?0.16 EUR per share.Edward J. Klaeger IV, CEO of AEG explained,
"The approval for listing AEG shares on GXG is a major step forward in creating
capital markets exposure and access to investment sources for AEG. The listing
represents significant progress in our efforts to secure funding for renewable
energy acquisitions in Europe and the US as well as potential liquidity for our
investors and shareholders. We plan to enhance our GXG listing with possible
dual listings on other Exchanges in Europe and the US later this year. Our
current focus will be on closing the current operating project acquisitions and
expansions we have in our target portfolio to create immediate cash flows and
earnings to drive AEG share price valuations."


Alter Energy Group AG - AEG receives approval for listing on GXG Main Quote

   Feb 11, 2014

   Alter Energy Group AG announces that it has received approval to float 100%
of its common stock in London on the GXG Main Quote Exchange under the trade
symbol: AEGC with WKN: A0MW07 and ISIN: CH0032424969. The opening price will be
?0.16 EUR per share.Edward J. Klaeger IV, CEO of AEG explained, "The approval
for listing AEG shares on GXG is a major step forward in creating capital
markets exposure and access to investment sources for AEG. The listing
represents significant progress in our efforts to secure funding for renewable
energy acquisitions in Europe and the US as well as potential liquidity for our
investors and shareholders. We plan to enhance our GXG listing with possible
dual listings on other Exchanges in Europe and the US later this year. Our
current focus will be on closing the current operating project acquisitions and
expansions we have in our target portfolio to create immediate cash flows and
earnings to drive AEG share price valuations."


AEG's Subsidiary SEP Announces Update On Smela Biomass CHP Plant

   Nov 06, 2009

   Alter Energy Group AG's (AEG) EPG Jugenergopromtrans (JEP) and
Smelaenergopromtrans Ltd. (SEP) have come out with detail regarding their
projected completion schedule for the Smelaenergopromtrans Smela Biomass
combined heat and power (CHP) plant. The project is located in Ukraine and is
being built to exploit the country's green tariff. Both SEP and JEP are Ukraine
subsidiaries of AEG and also Smela project's partner.JEP Founder and AEG
Director Volodymyr Kukovalskyy said We are making very good progress in our
efforts to bring the Smela Biomass CHP on-line in short time. All necessary
components for successful project implementation and operation are in place.
Long term biomass supply is ready for immediate on-going delivery at favorable
terms from ZET-GROUP. Installation of the TKS-20 boiling bed burner in the
existing on-site TS-20 boiler is in the final stage and is scheduled for
completion by November 15. One of the more difficult components is the
construction of the raw material (biomass) preparation area and manufacturing
and installation of the fuel supply feed-in system for the TS-20 boiler. Through
hard work by the on-site team this is also scheduled for completion by November
15. The Kaluga 2.5 MW steam turbine is on-site and ready for set-up. Our target
commissioning date for the restructured CHP is November 15-20. Licensing and end
user is in place and SEP will execute the Power Purchase Agreement with National
Energy Market State Company SC Energorynok and receive its Green Tariff license
after commissioning of the project, most likely the last week of November. This
project will be the first commercial application of its kind in Ukraine. We are
very excited about the prospect of successfully completing the 2.5 MW project
and moving immediately into the next stage of development which is the purchase
and installation of the 6 MW turbine and biomass combustion system and then
finally into stage three, which we will disclose at a future date. The efforts
of AEG and Jesup & Lamont are essential to achieving these goals and we look
forward to our continued mutual efforts and success.AEG Chief Executive Officer
Edward J. Klaeger IV explained The implementation of the Smela 2.5 MW Biomass
CHP and, pending successful completion of due diligence and negotiations,
proposed investment through Jesup & Lamont (Jesup), as provided in our October
28 release, is an achievable near-term goal that will enable AEG and Jesup to
move forward with due diligence to structure possible funding for the proposed
stage 2 upgrade. If successful this current 2.5 MW project provides for a small
capital investment with short payback period resulting in a significant
projected increase in earnings. It is also an excellent opportunity for us to
gauge and refine our Ukraine project implementation capabilities while gaining a
clear understanding the overall efficiency of the Ukraine Green Tariff process.
For a foreign company investing in the Ukraine alternative and renewable sources
of energy market this is invaluable. We have a lot of work to do in a very short
time ahead and look forward to the completion of this first stage.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Harry Alter Company

                               17725 Volbrecht Rd
                               Lansing,  IL 60438
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 708-868-7000
URL: http://www.tecmungo.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  https://twitter.com/TECmungo

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 28314398

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Large (1001-5000 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  LEED
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Harry Alter Company is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Heat Pumps, HVAC Systems, Metal Boxes, Molds, Terminations, and 37 other Product
& Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Harry Alter Company does business
in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 28 other
major Manufacturing Industries. Harry Alter Company has at least 9 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "The Midwest's
largest wholesale Carrier and Bryant distributor, offering high-efficiency
residential, commercial, and industrial HVAC/R equipment, controls, parts, and
supplies."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Warm Air Heating and
Air-Conditioning Equipment and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42373000
SIC CODES:
34320000
CAGE CODES:
1UJQ6
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Heat Pumps
     ·    HVAC Systems
     ·    Metal Boxes
     ·    Molds
     ·    Terminations
     ·    Water Source Heat Pumps
     ·    Aluminum Wheels
     ·    Blower Wheels
     ·    Cooling Systems
     ·    Cooling Towers
     ·    Geothermal Heat Pumps
     ·    Heat Pumps
     ·    Junction Boxes
     ·    Lock Boxes
     ·    Metal Boxes
     ·    Towers
     ·    Variable Speed Pumps
     ·    Water Source Heat Pumps


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Bulbs
     ·    Chillers
     ·    Dampers
     ·    Drawers
     ·    Light Bulbs
     ·    Lights
     ·    Refrigeration Parts
     ·    Replacement Parts
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Air Cooled Chillers
     ·    Backdraft Dampers
     ·    Belt Drives
     ·    Drive Components
     ·    Drive Systems
     ·    Modular Chillers
     ·    Packaged Chillers
     ·    Refrigeration Parts
     ·    Screw Chillers
     ·    Water Cans
     ·    Water Cooled Chillers


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Delivery Services
     ·    Graphic Design Services
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Heavy Equipment & Machinery
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aerosols
     ·    Ammonium
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Cast Iron
     ·    Catalysts
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Copper
     ·    Copper-Nickel
     ·    Galvanized Steel
     ·    Gases
     ·    Hydrogen
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Neoprene
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    Plastics
     ·    PVC
     ·    Resins
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Sheet Metals
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Synthetic Resins


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Air Cooled Chillers
     ·    Buffers
     ·    Chillers
     ·    Cooling Towers
     ·    Evaporators
     ·    Machinery
     ·    Modular Chillers
     ·    Packaged Chillers
     ·    Screw Chillers
     ·    Stainless Steel Evaporators
     ·    Water Cooled Chillers


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $100 - 999.99 Million

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BRANDS REPRESENTED:  Air Flow Equipment Co., Building Automation Products Inc.
DIVERSITY BUSINESS:  Small Disadvantaged Business


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aerosols, Agendas, Air Cleaners, Air Conditioners, Air
Conditioning Insulation, Air Conditioning Units, Air Cooled Chillers, Air Ducts,
Air Purification Systems, Air Purifiers, Aircraft, Aluminum Wheels, Ammonium,
Appliances, Architects, Arrestors, Automation Systems, Backdraft Dampers,
Backgrounds, Baffles, Ball Bearings, Ballasts, Barrels, Baseboards, Beacons,
Beads, Bearings, Beds, Bells, Belt Drives, Belt Tensioners, Belts, Bindings,
Biologicals, Black Diamonds, Blower Doors, Blower Housings, Blower Wheels,
Boilers, Bookmarks, Brads, Briefs, Buffers, Building Automation, Building
Automation Systems, Bulbs, Burners, Buses, Buttons, Calculators, Carbon, Carbon
Monoxide Detectors, Cast Iron, Catalysts, Cement, Centrifugal Fans, Ceramics,
Channels, Chemicals, Chillers, Chokes, Cleaners, Collectors, Combustion
Chambers, Commercial Buildings, Compressors, Condensers, Condensing Units,
Consoles, Contactors, Contaminants, Control Systems, Controllers, Convectors,
Cooling Coils, Cooling Systems, Cooling Towers, Copper, Copper-Nickel, Crates,
Credit Cards, Crystal, Curbs, Dampers, Dehumidifiers, Dehumidifying Equipment,
Delivery Services, Desks, DIP Switches, Disconnect Switches, Diverters, Domes,
Drain Pans, Drain Valves, Drawers, Drive Components, Drive Systems, Duck,
Economizers, Electric Heaters, Electric Water Heaters, Electricity, Elements,
Energy Efficient Motors, Energy Recovery Ventilators, Environmental Control,
Environmental Controls, Evaporators, Exhausters, Fan Motors, Fasteners, Feeds,
Filter Elements, Filters, Galvanized Steel, Galvanized Steel Sheet, Games,
Garage Heaters, Garages, Gas Burners, Gases, Generators, Geothermal Heat Pumps,
Geothermal Pipe, Graphic Design Services, Grease Fittings, Guides, Hand Tools,
Hardware, Hats, Heat Pumps, Heat Recovery Systems, Heat Sinks, Heating Coils,
Heating Products, Heating Systems, High Efficiency Boilers, Hoods, Humidifiers,
Humidifying, Humidity Controls, Humidity Sensors, HVAC Controls, HVAC Ducts,
HVAC Equipment, Supplies, & Accessories, HVAC Systems, Hydrogen, Ice, Igniters,
Indirect Water Heaters, Industrial HVAC Equipment, Infrared Heaters, Insulation,
Intakes, Interface Boards, Inverters, Iron, Isolators, Junction Boxes, Light
Bulbs, Lighting, Lighting Controls, Lights, Linings, Lithium Batteries, Lock
Boxes, Lockouts, Lugs, Machinery, Mailing Lists, Manometers, Measures,
Mechanisms, Medical Devices, Metal Boxes, Metal Cabinets, Metal Screws, Modular
Chillers, Molds, Mountings, Nailers, Neoprene, Nets, Nitrogen, Oil Separators,
Overalls, Oxygen, Packaged Chillers, Panels, Parts & Supplies, Parts Counters,
Pass Throughs, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals, Pictures, Pins, Piping, Piping
Systems, Plastics, Posts, Power Distribution Equipment, Pressure Controls,
Process Equipment, Process Plants, Profiles, PVC, Radiators, Railings,
Receivers, Refrigerants, Refrigeration Parts, Registers, Relief Valves, Remote
Controls, Remote Sensors, Replacement Parts, Resins, Rings, Roof Curbs, Roof
Ventilators, Rotors, Rounds, Rubber, Screw Chillers, Screw Compressors, Sheet
Metal, Sheet Metal Screws, Sheet Metals, Sheets, Signals, Simulators, Sinks,
Slide Valves, Smoke Detectors, Solenoid Valves, Solenoids, Solid Rivets, Solid
State Controls, Solid State Relays, Solutions, Speed Controls, Spinning,
Springs, Sprockets, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel Evaporators, Stainless
Steel Fasteners, Stainless Steel Heat Exchangers, Standby Generators, Steel,
Steel Ceilings, Steel Fasteners, Steel Fittings, Steel Sheets, Suits, Synthetic
Resins, Table Tops, Tables, Tangential Blowers, Targets, Telephones, Temperature
Controls, Temperature Sensors, Tensioners, Terminations, Testers, Thermal
Switches, Thermostats, Timbers, Torque Motors, Touchscreens, Towers, Trade
Associations, Training Videos, Transitions, Transmissions, Unit Heaters, Unit
Ventilators, Variable Speed Pumps, Ventilators, Venturis, Water Cans, Water
Coils, Water Cooled Chillers, Water Heaters, Water Source Heat Pumps, Water
Valves, Watertight Enclosures, Welded Construction, Wire, Wireless Sensors

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                            Hardcastle Holdings AG;

                                  Hauptplatz 2
                               Rapperswil SG 8640
                              Schweiz/Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0552206030
TELEFAX: 0552111781

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 420067721

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 24.12.2008
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  30. Mai 2016
 FILIALE(N): es bestehen keine
LIIERTE FIRMEN: es bestehen keine
AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf inf.Herabs.d.Kapital
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  23. Februar 2012
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  1. März 2013
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  2. Mai 2012
FRISTART 1:  Anmeldefrist für Forderungen
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Forderungen an: Hardcastle Holdings AG, Flint
Craig, Hauptplatz 2, 8640 Rapperswil
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  20. Januar 2016
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc 42/2013
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Bisheriger Nennwert: CHF 3'928'000.00 Neuer
Nennwert: CHF 3'607'632.32 /Hinweis: Die Gläubiger können ihre Forderungen
anmelden und Befriedigung oder Sicherstellung verlangen.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  William Anderson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Toronto (CA)
LAND:  Canada
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada

NAME:  Markus Hugelshofer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Illhart TG, Wigoltingen, Zürich


NAME:  Robert Korthals
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Toronto
LAND:  Canada
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada
BÜRGERORT:  kanadischer Staatsangeh.


NAME:  Robert Sillcox
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  King City (CA)
LAND:  Canada
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada


NAME:  Brian Thomson
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Edinburgh (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada


NAME:  Brian Thomson
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Edinburgh (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada


NAME:  Kym Anthony
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Clarksburg (CA)
LAND:  Canada
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada


NAME:  Jean Panneton
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  North York
LAND:  Canada
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Flint Craig
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Pfäffikon SZ (Freienbach)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Hans-Peter Haltinner
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Wädenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Eichberg, Wädenswil


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Hardcastle Admin Holdings AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Rapperswil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Dezember 2008
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'182.51

NAME:  Hardcastle Trading AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Rapperswil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. März 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Flint Craig
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Pfäffikon SZ (Freienbach)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Geschäftsbereiche: - Beteiligungen / Die Gesellschaft hat mit Beschluss der
Generalversammlung vom 11.12.2008 ihren Sitz vom Ausland (St. Peter Port,
Guernsey) in die Schweiz ohne Liquidation gemäss den Bestimmungen des IPRG
verlegt. Vor der Verlegung des Sitzes in die Schweiz war die Gesellschaft
unter der Firma HT Holdings Limited, mit Sitz in St. Peter Port, Guernsey, im
Register des Royal Court Guernsey registriert.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften

   Erwerb, Halten und Verwalten von Beteiligungen an anderen Unternehmungen im
In- und Ausland und von anderen Vermögenswerten. Die Gesellschaft kann im Inund
Ausland Zweigniederlassungen und Tochtergesellschaften errichten, Unternehmen,
an denen sie beteiligt ist, andere Konzerngesellschaften sowie Aktionäre direkt
oder indirekt finanzieren, auch ohne angemessene Gegenleistung sowie im In- und
Ausland Grundstücke und Beteiligungen erwerben, verwalten, belasten und
veräussern.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.40
2015                   CHF 1.50
2014                   CHF 1.50
2013                   CHF 1.50

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Hardcastle Admin Holdings AG
ORT:  Rapperswil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Dezember 2008
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'182.51

NAME:  Hardcastle Trading AG
ORT:  Rapperswil SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. März 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Rapperswil SG
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'646'490.00
LIBIERUNG:  2'646'490.00 liberiert
KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 91.04
LIBIERUNG:  91.04 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  134'750
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 19.64

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Partizipationsscheine
ANZAHL:  9'103
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Partizipationsscheine
ANZAHL:  01
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Die Übertragbarkeit der Namenaktien ist nach Massgabe der
Statuten beschränkt


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  30. Mai 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 41.04
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 91.04

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Mai 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'030'982.28
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'646'490.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Juli 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'223'198.96
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'030'982.28


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  29. Dezember 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 36.65
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 41.04


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  5. Dezember 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 32.46
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 36.65


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. Juli 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'607'632.32
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'223'198.96


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  8. Juni 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 28.56
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 32.46


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. Mai 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'928'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'607'632.32


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  23. Mai 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 29.61
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 28.56


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  8. April 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 25.91
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 29.61


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  2. Juli 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 21.95
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 25.91


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  3. August 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 19.79
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 21.95


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  3. August 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  HT Holdings AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Hardcastle Holdings AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 26, 2011 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Racine Berkow, Allen Alter

SECTION: Section ST; Column 0; Society Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 140 words


Racine Cindy Berkow and Allen Bernard Alter are to be married Sunday by Rabbi
Brent C. Spodek at the Garrison, a golf club and event space in Garrison, N.Y.

The bride, 63, will keep her name. She is the president and owner of a fine art
shipping company that bears her name in Long Island City, Queens. She graduated
from Ohio State University and is a daughter of the late Dorothy Berkow, and the
late Milton Berkow, who lived in Boca Raton, Fla.

The bridegroom, 61, works in Manhattan as a senior producer of ''48 Hours
Mystery'' on CBS. He graduated from Brandeis and is on the university's board of
trustees. He received a master's degree in American studies from the University
of Sussex in Brighton, England. He is a son of the late Dr. Jetty Alter, who
lived in Forest Hills, Queens.

The bridegroom's previous marriage ended in divorce.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday

Miami Valley again powerful in Division II;
Bellbrook hopes this is the year it can get past Alter and Carroll.

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 513 words


While the high school girls soccer landscape has changed with the addition of a
third division, boys soccer has largely remained the same.

And that means another loaded field in Division II. That's something the
Bellbrook Golden Eagles know all too well.

Bellbrook goes for its 20th straight Southwestern Buckeye League title, but has
struggled in the postseason against area DII powers who also happen to be among
the state's best.

Carroll returns as the defending D-II state champions, and regional semifinalist
Alter boasts 10 returning starters. And don't look past Tippecanoe, Oakwood or
even Fenwick and Monroe.

"It gets frustrating to an extent, but what they say is to be the best, you've
got to beat the best," Bellbrook coach Kevin Terrell said. "And I think Dayton
Division II has the best."

This season, Terrell hopes that can be his Golden Eagles, who return 11 key
players from a team that went 15-2-1 last season.

"We have the talent, we're just working on the mental aspect of getting over the
hump of the Alters and the Carrolls," Terrell said.

"I think talent-wise, all three teams are across-the-board equal. Our problem
right now is mentally getting over the name of Alter and Carroll."

The Eagles are not alone in that quest, considering that, combined, Alter (10)
and Carroll (7) have 17 trips to the state tournament. Only Centerville (13) has
more in the area.

"We were in the same boat for years when we were one of the smallest Division I
teams in the state," said Carroll coach Scott Molfenter, who returns three
starters.

"I think the area as a whole, it's a nice-looking year. I think our teams
locally and in the Miami Valley will do very well this year."

Scouting report

* D-I state runner-up Centerville returns two starters and key players in senior
striker Andrew Roop and senior midfielders Adam Holmes and Slater Morgann. The
Elks went 20-1-2 to win the GWOC Central.

* Springboro coach Paul Bohaboy needs 13 wins to reach 200, (187-84-38 in 18
seasons). The Panthers, who are returning seven starters, went 12-5-2 last
season to win the GWOC South for the fourth time in five seasons.

* Newton senior Jordan Hodges has led the team in scoring and assists the past
three seasons, the first Indians player to do so.

* You know it's a rough season when concussions (7) outnumber wins (4).
Chaminade Julienne looks to reverse that trend with seven returning starters.

* Bethel looks to win its third straight Cross County Conference title and give
coach Bob Hamlin a milestone win. He's 299-158-39 in 27 seasons, all at Bethel.

* Springfield Catholic Central returns five starters from a 21-2 team that
reached the D-III state semifinals. Senior forward Calum Latham needs 34 goals
to break the state record for goals in a career (172). Latham - a Xavier
University recruit - posted 52 and 57 goals the past two seasons. His father,
coach Shane Latham, is 16 wins shy of reaching 400. Only three other coaches in
Ohio have won that many games. Latham is 384-83-38 in 25 seasons.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991, or gbilling@Dayton
DailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Beavercreek's Andrew Geisler (left) battles Centerville striker Andrew
Roop during a soccer match last season. Roop and the Elks were state runners-up
last year. STAFF PHOTO BY RON ALVEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Harry Alter Company

                               17725 Volbrecht Rd
                               Lansing,  IL 60438
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 708-868-7009
URL: http://www.harryalter.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 7653811

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Large (1001-5000 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ANSI, UL Standards
GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Harry Alter Company is a distributor, and supplier, and focussed on Heating
Systems, Solutions, HVAC Ducts, Circulating Pumps, Deburring, and 7 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Harry Alter Company does
business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and Automation Industries, as well as 27
other major Manufacturing Industries. Harry Alter Company has at least 17
business locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly:
"Midwest's largest supplier of residential and commercial Carrier, Bryant, and
Payne heating, air conditioning, air purification and refrigeration equipment,
parts, and supplies - OEM and non-OEM - serving Chicagoland, Northwest Indiana,
and Southwest Michigan HVAC dealers."
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; supplier; Warm Air Heating and Air-Conditioning
Equipment and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42373000
SIC CODES:
50750000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Heating Systems
     ·    Solutions
     ·    HVAC Ducts


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Circulating Pumps
     ·    Deburring
     ·    Galvanizing
     ·    Grounding


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Photonics
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Test & Measurement
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Acetylene
     ·    Acid
     ·    Activated Alumina
     ·    Alum
     ·    Alumina
     ·    Aluminized Steel
     ·    Aluminum Oxide
     ·    Biocides
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Calcium
     ·    Carbide
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Carbon Dioxide
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Chlorine
     ·    Conductive Polymers
     ·    Copper
     ·    Desiccants
     ·    Gases
     ·    Gold
     ·    Heavy Metals
     ·    Ice
     ·    Iron
     ·    Iron Oxide
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Mild Steel
     ·    Molded Silicone
     ·    Molecular Sieves
     ·    Natural Gas
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Nitrogen
     ·    Nylon
     ·    Organic
     ·    Oxygen
     ·    PEX
     ·    Phosphoric Acid
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Plywood
     ·    Polyethylene
     ·    Polymers
     ·    Polypropylene
     ·    Polyvinyl
     ·    Pre-Painted Steel
     ·    PVC
     ·    Resins
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Sheet Metals
     ·    Silicon
     ·    Silicon Carbide
     ·    Silicon Nitride
     ·    Silicone
     ·    Silicone Rubber
     ·    Silicones
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sulfamic Acid
     ·    Synthetic Rubber
     ·    Tool Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Bolt Cutters
     ·    Chillers
     ·    Cooling Towers
     ·    Evaporators
     ·    Grinders
     ·    Hole Cutters
     ·    Pipe Cutters


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $100 - 999.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Abrasive Supplies, Abrasives, Absorbers, Accumulators,
Acetylene, Acetylene Torches, Acid, Acid Pumps, Activated Alumina, Additives,
Adjustable Pliers, Air Cleaners, Air Conditioners, Air Conditioning Controls,
Air Ducts, Air Furnaces, Air Purification Systems, Air Purifiers, Air Vents,
Alligator Clips, Alum, Alumina, Aluminized Steel, Aluminum Frames, Aluminum
Oxide, Aluminum Oxide Abrasives, Aluminum Tubing, Analyzers, Angle Drives,
Angles, Antimicrobials, Appliances, Applicators, Aviation Snips, Awls, Backflow
Preventers, Baffles, Ball Valves, Bands, Barrels, Baseboards, Bath Tubs, Bearing
Assemblies, Bearings, Bells, Belt Drives, Belts, Bending Tools, Bi-Metal
Thermostats, Biocides, Black Lights, Blower Doors, Blower Wheels, Boilers, Bolt
Cutters, Boots, Box Covers, Brass Fittings, Bronze, Bronze Pumps, Brushes,
Building Automation, Burner Controls, Burners, Bushings, Butt, Butt Connectors,
Buttons, Bypass Valves, Cable Assemblies, Cable Clamps, Cable Wire, Calcium,
Calculators, Can Handles, Capacitors, Capillaries, Capillary Tubes, Carbide,
Carbon, Carbon Dioxide, Carbon Dioxide Sensors, Cartridges, Caulk, Cement,
Centrifugal Switches, Check Valves, Chemicals, Chillers, Chimneys, Chipboard,
Chlorine, Circuit Boards, Circuit Breakers, Circulating Pumps, Circulators,
Clamp-On Meters, Cleaners, Cleaning Compounds, Cloth, Coats, Coffees,
Collectors, Combustible Gas Detectors, Compounds, Compressed Air, Compression
Connectors, Compression Couplings, Compression Fittings, Compressors, Computer
Rooms, Condensate Drains, Condensers, Condensing Units, Conductive Polymers,
Consoles, Contactors, Containers, Contaminants, Control Centers, Control
Systems, Controllers, Cooling Fans, Cooling Towers, Copper, Copper Fittings,
Copper Tubing, Cordless Drills, Corrosion Inhibitors, Corrugated Pipe, Cotton,
Crankcases, Crimpers, Crimping Tools, Crystal, Curbs, Cut Wire, Cutting Tools,
Dampers, Deburring, Degreasers, Dehumidifiers, Desiccants, Diaphragm Valves,
Differential Limit Controls, Differentials, Direct Drive Fans, Disc Fans, Drain
Pans, Drain Pipe, Drain Valves, Drill Bits, Drying Agents, Drywall, Duct
Insulation, Dust Controls, Economizers, Electric Motors, Electrical Components,
Electrical Fittings, Electrical Supplies, Electrodes, Electron Microscopes,
Electronic Controls, Elements, Eliminators, Enamels, Energy Recovery
Ventilators, Evaporative Condensers, Evaporative Coolers, Evaporator Coils,
Evaporators, Expansion Valves, Extractors, Fan Blades, Fan Blowers, Fan
Controls, Fan Motors, Feeders, Feeds, Feet, Ferrules, Fiber, Filters, Fin Tube,
Fin Tubes, Flame Rods, Flame Sensors, Flanges, Flares, Flashing, Flashlights,
Flats, Flexible Conduits, Flux, Foam Cores, Foam Insulation, Food Processing
Equipment, Food Products, Forming, Forming Tools, Furnace Blowers, Furnace
Controls, Furnace Parts, Fuse Boxes, Fuse Holders, Fuses, Galvanizing, Gas
Cocks, Gas Controls, Gas Cylinders, Gas Detectors, Gas Filters, Gas Sensors, Gas
Valves, Gases, Gasket Material, Gaskets, Gears, Generators, Goggles, Gold,
Grinders, Grounding, Guards, Guides, Guns, Hack, Hall Effect Sensors, Hand
Tools, Hand Torches, Hardware, Heat Pumps, Heat Tapes, Heat Transfer Fluids,
Heat Transfers, Heating Systems, Heavy Metals, HEPA Filters, Hexagon Nuts, Hole
Cutters, Hoods, Hubs, Humidifiers, Humidity Controls, HVAC Controls, HVAC Ducts,
HVAC Equipment, Supplies, & Accessories, HVAC Systems, Ice, Ice Making
Equipment, Igniters, Ignition Cables, Ignition Systems, Indicator Lights,
Infrared Heaters, Inhibitors, Injectors, Inline Fans, Insulated Terminals,
Insulated Wire, Insulation, Insulation Adhesives, Iron, Iron Oxide, Jackets,
Jacks, Jars, Joists, Lasers, Leak Detectors, Leather, LED Indicators, LED
Lights, Lighters, Lights, Lime, Limit Controls, Limit Switches, Liquid Scales,
Locking Screws, Lockouts, Lubricant Additives, Lubricants, Machine Screws,
Magnetic Chucks, Mailing Lists, Manifolds, Manual Valves, Measures, Mercury,
Metal Framing, Metal Screws, Microscopes, Mild Steel, Mineral Oils, Molded
Plastics, Molded Silicone, Molds, Molecular Sieves, Motor Mounts, Motor Oils,
Mounting Brackets, Mountings, Multimeters, Natural Gas, Nets, Nickel, Nipples,
Nitrogen, Nut Drivers, Nylon, OEM Motors, Oil Pumps, Organic, Orifices,
Overalls, Oxidizers, Oxygen, Oxygen Regulators, Panels, Particle Counters, Pass
Throughs, PEX, Phosphoric Acid, Pilot Drills, Pins, Pipe Clamps, Pipe Couplings,
Pipe Cutters, Pipe Fittings, Pipe Insulation, Pivots, Plaster, Plastic Handles,
Plastic Tubing, Plastics, Plate Gaskets, Pliers, Plywood, Poles, Polyethylene,
Polymers, Polypropylene, Polyvinyl, Posts, Pre-Painted Steel, Pressure
Regulators, Pressure Switches, Primers, Programmable Controls, Promotional,
Protectors, Pullers, PVC, PVC Fittings, PVC Pipe, Quick Disconnect Fittings,
Radiant Heaters, Radiators, Receptacles, Reciprocating, Reciprocating
Compressors, Recirculating Pumps, Reducing Bushings, Reducing Couplings,
Refrigerants, Refrigeration Coils, Refrigeration Parts, Refrigerators, Remote
Sensors, Removers, Repair Kits, Replacement Filters, Replacement Motors,
Replacement Parts, Residential HVAC Equipment, Resin Dryers, Resins, Resistors,
Rings, Riveting Hammers, Rotors, Rounds, Rubber, Rubber Bushings, Rubber Hose,
Rubber Products, Saddle Valves, Saddles, Safety Controls, Safety Switches, Salt,
Saw Arbors, Saw Blades, Saw Files, Scale Inhibitors, Scale Removers, Scales,
Screw Clamps, Screwdrivers, Self-Drilling Anchors, Sensor Electrodes, Set
Screws, Shears, Sheet Metal, Sheet Metal Screws, Sheet Metals, Sheets, Showers,
Siding, Sieves, Silicon, Silicon Carbide, Silicon Nitride, Silicone, Silicone
Rubber, Silicone Sealants, Silicones, Silver, Silver Solder, Skeletons, Slip
Joint Pliers, Smoke Detectors, Snips, Sockets, Solder, Solderless Terminals,
Solenoid Valves, Solenoids, Solutions, Solvents, Spade Bits, Spikes, Spouts,
Spray Cans, Sprayers, Spraying, Sprays, Stainless Steel, Stainless Steel
Nipples, Stainless Steel Sheet, Stators, Steel, Steel Cabinets, Steel Sheets,
Steel Washers, Step Drills, Strippers, Submersible Pumps, Submersibles, Sulfamic
Acid, Sump Pumps, Surge Protectors, Synthetic Oils, Synthetic Rubber, Tables,
Tablets, Tank Adapters, Tees, Temperature Displays, Temperature Sensors,
Temperature Switches, Terminal Adapters, Terminations, Testers, Thermistors,
Thermocouple Connectors, Thermocouples, Thermostats, Thread, Thread Sealants,
Threaded Rods, Timbers, Toggle Switches, Toggles, Toilets, Tool Boxes, Tool
Pouches, Tool Steel, Torches, Touchscreens, Towels, Towers, Transformers,
Transmissions, Traps, Trim, Tubs, Uniforms, Unit Heaters, Unit Ventilators,
Unloaders, Unloading Valves, Utility Boxes, Utility Knives, Valve Cores, Valve
Operators, Valve Plates, Vapor Barriers, Ventilators, Vibration Absorbers,
Voltage Controls, Voltage Detectors, Voltage Sources, Wall Anchors, Warm Air
Furnaces, Washable Filters, Washers, Washing Systems, Water Filters, Wetting
Agents, Wire, Wire Strippers, Wood Bits, Work Gloves, Yellows, Zone Valves

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Alter earns Governor's Award;
High school's science teachers received the recognition for Excellence in Youth
Science Opportunities.

BYLINE: By Katherine Ullmer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTHWEST; Pg. Z8-5

LENGTH: 554 words


KETTERING - For the second year in a row, Alter High School has come away with
the Governor's Award for Excellence in Youth Science Opportunities.

The award is given by The Ohio Academy of Science, in partnership with the
governor's office and the Ohio Department of Education, to recognize schools and
teachers who stimulate student scientific research.

A number of area schools were among the 83 Ohio schools that received the award
in September, but most were middle or elementary schools, said Kirsten
MacDougal, director of marketing and communications for Alter.

To qualify for the award, schools had to hold a local science fair with 20 or
more students, with students going to one of the academy's 16 district science
days. Students also had to be involved in other off-campus activities, museum
visits, field trips, etc.

Alter attributes its win to a strong science faculty and self-disciplined
students, Mac-Dougal said. "We have a very strong off-site collaboration with
Wright State University. Bonnie Walter, our science chair, heads up the program,
but it's amazing that every one of our science teachers, whether its biology or
chemistry or physics, is involved."

Alter science teachers Jennifer Butler, Jacalyn Schmidt (since retired),
Michelle Popp, Barbara Groene, John Gates and Bonnie Walter were among 222
teachers who received Governor's Award certificates for the 2006-07 school year.

Butler, who teaches biology and ecology, helps organize the annual Science
Olympiad and science fair. She is assisted by Groene, who teaches chemistry,
Popp, who teaches physics, and Gates, who teaches physical science, biology and
chemistry.

Popp also organizes an annual field trip to Florida so students can swim with
the manatees. Walter, who teaches anatomy, arranges for the cadaver classes
students attend at the Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University
along with its six-week mini medical college evening lectures.

Butler said she and Popp organized a science camp for third- through
sixth-graders at Alter last summer. Her ecology students visit Montgomery
County's wastewater treatment plant and last year placed first in Rumpke Waste
Removal & Recycling's school trash recycling contest, she said.

"The faculty in our science department are innovative. They are creative. They
will stop at nothing to find new and different ways to present science," said
Nicole Brainard, Alter principal. "They are very good at hands-on activities
that pique the kids' interest."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2341 or kullmer@DaytonDailyNews.com Area
Governor's Awards winners

Beavercreek: Ferguson Middle School - Georgie Rosier

Bellbrook: Bellbrook Middle School - Cathy St. Pierre

Centerville: Incarnation School - Linda Bruns

Centerville: Tower Heights Middle School - Beckie Hulings

Dayton: Carroll High School - Kathy Keller, Suz Levy, Lauarie Fuhr and Razia
Abdulla

Dayton: Chaminade-Julienne High School - Christine Tetzlaff and Shannon Speelman
Dayton: Dominion Academy of Dayton - Michael Ferdelman, Mark Lecklider, Sandy
McNamara, Pam Laughlin and Patty Stipich

Sidney: Lehman Catholic High School - Cyndi Shepard, Ginny Scherer and Tracy
Hall

Springfield: Catholic Central Junior High and High School - Veronica Phillips

Tipp City: Tippecanoe Middle School - Curt Earl, Len Kenyon, Meredith Connor and
Mark Mays

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Popp teaches a chemistry class at Alter High School. The
science department at the school won the Governor's Award for Excellence in
Science. Popp is one of five science teachers at the school. Staff photos by Ron
Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 29, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths ALTER, HARVEY N.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Classified; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 118 words


ALTER--Harvey N.,69, of Greenwich Village, New York City, and of the Pines
section of Fire Island, passed away peacefully on November 25, 2015. He was the
son of Beatrice and the late Seymore Alter. Cherished brother of Roberta Alter
Ferrara. Companion and life-time partner of the recently deceased Michael Young.
Uncle of Stephanie and Matthew Ferrara and two grand-nephews. Mr. Alter was the
President of the International Aphasia Movement. A funeral service will be held
at Menorah Chapels at Millburn, 2950 Vauxhall Road, Union, NJ on Monday,
November 30 at 2pm. Donations may be made in his memory to IAM, (International
Aphasia Movement) c/o Carlota Schoolman, 155 Wooster St., 6F, New York, NY
10012. 1/3

URL:

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Paid Death Notice

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 25, 2011 Sunday

Alter, now 5-0, rolls past Badin;
Zaire leads the way with TD runs of 15, 29 and 35 yards.

BYLINE: Staff reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 372 words


The Alter High School football team improved to 5-0, rolling to a 23-7 win over
Hamilton Badin on Saturday.

Malik Zaire had three rushing touchdowns. Two were in the first quarter, from 15
yards and 29 yards. Zaire added a 35-yard touchdown run in the third.

Andrew DiMario had a 33-yard field goal in the second.

CJ 35, Cin. McNicholas 10: The Eagles put the game away with 14 points in the
fourth quarter.

Brandon Payne had 24 carries for 176 yards and a touchdown.

Sam Spees ran and passed for a touchdown while Darrien Howard and Wesley Lumpkin
each ran for touchdowns.

Marshall 69, West Side (Ind.) 26: Tavonn Crisp had an 85-yard kickoff return for
a touchdown and two touchdowns rushing for Marshall, which scored 30 points in
the first quarter.

Marshall out-rushed West Side 390-38.

Boys Soccer

Dayton Christian 1, Oak-wood 1: Alex Gardner of Oakwood and Christian Alexander
of Dayton Christian scored the only goals in a battle of local powers. Both
scored in the first half.

Carroll 8, Roger Bacon 0: Undefeated Carroll - the No. 1 team in the state
Division II poll - won its 10th game of the year. Trae' Collins had one goal and
two assists.

Alter 3, Cin. St. Xavier 0: Joe Zimmerman had two goals and an assist for Alter,
which is undefeated in Greater Catholic League play.

Northmont 2, West Carrollton 0: Northmont scored both goals in the second half.
Senior Justin Hall had a shutout in goal and recorded his 104th save.

Girls Soccer

Springboro 1, Miamisburg 0: Jill Drake's goal off an assist from Sydney Hoback
was the only score.

Centerville 9, Graham 1: Alyssa Quigley had two goals for Centerville. Paige
Flory had a goal and an assist while Amy Simpson had two goals and an assist.

Lebanon 2, Troy 0: Erica McDaniel and Alyssa Plowman had goals for Lebanon.

Anna 5, Allen East 0: Anna coach Jim Hague won his 100th career game.

Beavercreek 1, Gahanna Lincoln 0: The Beavers won their eighth of the year.

Cross Country

Midwest Catholic Championships: The Carroll boys took first place in the Silver
Division with 40 points. Five Patriots finished in the top 10, led by Ryan Dull
who took first.

Alter was third in the Girls Gold Division, led by Olivia Albers, who was
fourth. Carroll's Taylor O'Neil was second in the Girls Silver.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Malik Zaire (6) looks downfield for an open receiver during
Saturday's game against Badin. CONTRIBUTED PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              June 6, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

A revealing look at Obama's first year in office

BYLINE: By Gene Warner - NEWS BOOK REVIEWER

SECTION: SPOTLIGHT; Pg. F10

LENGTH: 994 words


It was a minor moment, almost a forgotten one, in the closely scrutinized,
recent 31/2-hour presidential visit to Buffalo. To all who heard it, it sounded
like a throwaway line from President Obama. Obama was taking questions after his
17-minute talk, and the first questioner he chose was a man in a New York
Yankees cap. The Yankees are great, blah, blah, blah, Obama said, sounding like
a true politician, well aware that he was deep in Yankees country. And then
Obama quickly switched gears: "But you know, I'm a White Sox fan, and we're
going to come after you. We got started a little slow."

Barack Obama is a different kind of politician, according to "The Promise,"
Jonathan Alter's painstakingly detailed, early historical draft of the first
year of the Obama presidency. The throwaway White Sox line was a page right out
of the book.

Page 306, to be precise. "The president understood the code of loyalty under
which real fans are never neutral in their choice of favorite teams and players,
so he wore his Chicago White Sox cap on weekends and his Sox jacket as he threw
out the first pitch at the All-Star Game in St. Louis."

This 458-page detailed narrative, so chock full of anecdotes that bring you into
Cabinet meetings and two-person conversations, will change how you look at
almost everything the president says or does. The man conducts his presidency in
his own way, sometimes at his own peril. If there's one theme that runs through
this fully sourced book, it's that Barack Obama is a different kind of president
and politician. A clever politician? Yes. A man who surrounds himself with
politically astute top aides? Yes. But Obama's perception of the presidency, as
a conscientious student of American history, led him to stay above politics as
much as possible, Alter claims.

"If he were governing by polls, he liked to say, he never would have bailed out
banks and auto companies, insisted on health care reform amid a recession, and
sent 61,000 more troops to Afghanistan," the author writes.

From Franklin Roosevelt to LBJ to Ronald Reagan, American presidents have done
much of their domestic scoring in the first quarter, Alter explains. Still, many
have criticized Obama for being too ambitious in his first year.

"But the Slow Down crowd failed to take account of the rapid evaporation of any
president's political capital," Alter writes. "Obama was right to at least try
to 'put points on the board' in Year One."

Alter, of course, presents a flattering portrait of Obama. That's to be
expected. Yet the author cites obvious mistakes in the first year. Several
times, Alter strongly implies that Obama was naive in pursuing a bipartisanship
that wasn't going to be achieved on Capitol Hill.

That hurt the president with his health care bill, when he stayed with his
bipartisan approach even after it was obvious that that strategy wouldn't fly,
Alter suggests. And by May 2009, when it was clear there weren't enough votes
for the public option, Obama should have acknowledged the death of that option
or dug in for a fight, the author claims. Instead, he muddled through with a
middle-of-the-road tactic.

Alter devotes a full chapter to Obama's "Zen Temperament." He and others
describe the president as a man who has great self-assurance, without being
egotistical; as a psychologically healthy man with no demons; as a man who lacks
the approval-seeking neediness of other politicians.

Obama listens more closely than other politicians. And he's at his best in
chairing a meeting, chewing on policy debates, listening patiently to all
opinions while searching for the best solution.

While Obama comes across as a strong leader, this isn't a platitude-filled
commentary. Instead, this is anecdotal history -- the early version -- filled
with so many nuggets for political junkies.

Here are just a few:

*Former Bush Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson told friends that Obama had a much
firmer grasp of the nation's economic issues than did John McCain. And after an
almost unprecedented September 2008 meeting in the White House featuring both
candidates, Obama told aides, "Maybe I shouldn't be president. But he [McCain]
definitely shouldn't be."

*Vice President Biden went from a running mate whom Obama couldn't trust to keep
his mouth shut on personnel appointments to a trusted point man on foreign
policy.

*Every day, Obama checks out his purple folder containing 10 letters from
ordinary Americans (hand-picked from 40,000 that arrive each day). It's all done
to keep him connected to the American public.

*Biden, a month before the Inauguration, held a conference call with Obama.
Afterward, he told an aide, "We got this ticket in the right order."

*When Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts botched the oath of office, it
overshadowed a much more important moment: Obama's decision to bypass tradition
and use his middle name, "Hussein," in taking the oath.

*At the end of Inauguration night, at about 2:30 a.m., the new president,
struggling with the layout of his new digs, wasn't sure how to reach the family
quarters: "Where do I go now?"

Alter also offers the reader some fascinating glimpses, almost mini-portraits,
of key aides in the Obama White House, including Rahm Emanuel, Hillary Clinton,
Tim Geithner and Larry Summers.

One example: Alter calls Emanuel not only a pit bull, but also Obama's own
personal Lyndon Johnson, a shrewd legal tactician with a ferocious will. Even
before he hit 40, Emanuel, in the Clinton White House, greeted British Prime
Minister Tony Blair by putting his finger in his face and advising him, "Don't
[screw] it up."

The author also gives us a glimpse of the Obama sense of humor.

The night before Mother's Day, speaking at the White House Correspondents
Dinner, Obama quipped, "This is a tough holiday for Rahm Emanuel. He's not used
to using the word 'day' after 'mother.' "

Gene Warner is a News staff reporter.

***

The Promise: President Obama, Year One

By Jonathan Alter

Simon & Schuster

458 pages, $28

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Jonathan Alter devotes an entire chapter of "The
Promise" to President Obama's "Zen temperament."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Book Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 20, 2013 Sunday

Fairmont defeats Regis Jesuit 43-35;
ROUNDUP

BYLINE: Staff reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 355 words


Kathryn Westbeld's 21 points and 15 rebounds led Fairmont to a 43-35 win over
Regis Jesuit (Co.) in girls basketball Saturday.

The game was part of the Classic in the Country Challenge at Berlin-Hi-land High
School.

Regis Jesuit was undefeated and ranked No. 1 in Colorado and 12th nationally.
Fairmont was ranked sixth nationally.

Alter 50, Marshall 44: Alter was held scoreless in the third quarter. Marshall
led 37-29 at one point in the fourth, but the Knights came back with a 21-7 run.

Maddie Bazelak scored 17 for Alter. She had nine points during Alter's run in
the fourth quarter.

Eaton 67, Valley View 22: Eaton's pressure on defense put an end to Valley
View's 12-game winning streak. Valley View's 22 points was a season low.

Danielle Karns and Autumn Whirley led Eaton with 15 points each. Lib-by
Springmier scored 13, while Michelle McKinney had 11. Eaton (13-4) has won six
in a row.

Madison 61, Dixie 29: Meghan Miller led Madison with 17 points. Josey Harding
had 15 points and 13 rebounds. Madison (14-2) remained undefeated in SWBL
Buckeye Division conference play.

Troy Christian 42, Miami Valley 40: Miami Valley trailed by nine starting the
fourth quarter. The Rams missed a last-second shot at the end of the game.

Elea Karras led Miami Valley with 14 points.

Carroll 54, Cin. Mount Notre Dame 45: Carroll had a 22-5 run in the first
quarter. The Patriots shot 12-of-15 from the free-throw line. Madison Schroeder
led Car-roll with 13. Ciara Poppa scored 10 and Suzie Wollenhaupt, 9.

Boys basketball

Marshall 68, Akr. St. Vincent's-St. Mary 65: Edmond Early hit the game-winning
3-pointer at the buzzer for Marshall (12-1). Mark Alstork led Marshall with 24.
He made three 3-pointers.

Dayton Christian 66, Badin 52: Dayton Christian shot 25-of-32 from the
free-throw line. Tanner Wall led Dayton Christian (6-6) with 16. Austin Hull and
Jay Zollars each scored 11.

Covington 58, Houston 45: Covington had a 21-8 run in the fourth quarter. Ryan
Craft led Covington with 22. Cole Owens had 14. Jake Braun scored 16 for Houston
(7-8).

Tri-Village 65, Winchester (Ind.) 47: Kyle Pipenger had 26 for undefeated
Tri-Village (15-0).

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    February 20, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Messier agrees to child support

BYLINE: JOANNE LAUCIUS; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7


Mark Messier and the mother of his 10-year-old son, Lyon, have reached a
settlement in a three-year-old dispute over child support.

Leslie Young, a former model who is now an X-ray technician, has been battling
the multi-million-dollar Vancouver Canuck to boost monthly child support
payments from $ 1,500 U.S. to $ 10,000.

But the dispute was resolved out of court in New York yesterday, said Ms.
Young's lawyer Eleanor Alter, who also represented actress Mia Farrow in her
custody dispute with Woody Allen.

In New York, the tabloid Daily News ran a headline declaring Mr. Messier to be a
"Cheap Skate."

Although financial details have not been released, Ms. Alter said all issues
have been resolved permanently. "All the financial issues for the rest of his
life as a minor have been resolved," said Ms. Alter. "I'm happy that we didn't
have to have a trial."

After leaving the Manhattan Family Court yesterday, Mr. Messier said he, too,
was glad they were able to come to an agreement.

"I love my son very much," he told the Daily News. "There has never been any
problem with that. I've taken my responsibility from the time he was born and he
has been well looked after." Mr. Messier added that he would be looking after
his son for the next 10 years -- and that Lyon is an "excellent" hockey player.

Ms. Alter said Ms. Young was overjoyed with the settlement.

"She believes Lyon's childhood will be comfortable and what he needs," said Ms.
Alter. "It was resolved in a way she believes is fair, and that Mr. Messier
consented to."

Ms. Young won a paternity suit against Mr. Messier in 1988. Mr. Messier has
acknowledged that he is Lyon's father, and has a custody agreement with Ms.
Young, said Ms. Alter.

However, about three years ago, Ms. Young sought to get higher custody payments,
arguing that Lyon has learning problems and goes to a private school.

Ms. Alter added that Lyon is a talented young hockey player who is active in
league hockey all over the U.S. east coast. "One day he may be a star. He really
has a gift," said Ms. Alter. "When you see him play hockey, you know he's Mr.
Messier's son."

Last summer, the 37-year-old Mr. Messier left the New York Rangers for the
Vancouver Canucks in a three-year deal worth about $ 9.3 million a year for
three years. But Ms. Alter said the child support claim predates that contract
by several years.

Lyon worships his father, said Ms. Alter. "It's nice it can be resolved without
increasing bitterness."


LOAD-DATE: February 21, 1998

LENGTH: 418 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Vancouver Canuck hockey player Mark Messier, 37,
agreed out of court to increased child support payments for his 10-year-old son
Lyon.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                The Alter Group

                                 5500 Howard St
                               Skokie,  IL 60077
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 800-637-4842
URL: http://www.altergroup.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.linkedin.com/company/alter-assetmanagement
http://www.youtube.com/user/TheAlterGroup
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/117289686253185358071/117289686253185358071/posts
https://twitter.com/AlterAsset
https://twitter.com/thealtergroup

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 45353501

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Medium (101-500 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  LEED
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
The Alter Group is a distributor, manufacturer, and supplier focussed on
Computer Rooms, Floor Plates, Safety Equipment, Scopes, Solutions, and 15 other
Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. The Alter Group does
business in the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automation Industries, as well as
29 other major Manufacturing Industries. The Alter Group has at least 8 business
locations.
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Offices of Real Estate
Agents and Brokers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
53121000
SIC CODES:
65310000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Computer Rooms
     ·    Floor Plates
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Scopes
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Commercial Buildings
     ·    Computer Rooms
     ·    Firewalls
     ·    Garages
     ·    Industrial Buildings
     ·    Safety Equipment
     ·    Showrooms
     ·    Sprinklers


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Hubs
     ·    Promotional
     ·    Showrooms
     ·    Banners
     ·    Commercial Buildings
     ·    Garages
     ·    Industrial Buildings
     ·    Showrooms


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Computer Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Chemistry
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Material Handling
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Pharmaceutical
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aluminum Trim
     ·    Chemicals
     ·    Columbium
     ·    Composites
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Structural Steel


MFG EQUIPMENT USED:

     ·    Chillers


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $10 - 49.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aluminum Trim, Apparel, Appliances, Architects, Arrows,
Automotive Wire, Backgrounds, Banking, Banners, Barrels, Beacons, Bells,
Brochures, Bulbs, Calendars, Canvas, Cargo Containers, Cellulose, Cement, Center
Supports, Chairs, Chemicals, Chillers, Coffees, Columbium, Commercial Buildings,
Composites, Computer Rooms, Computer Services, Computer Systems, Consumer
Products, Containers, Crates, Curbs, Curtain Walls, Deck Chairs, Decks, Desks,
Dishes, Dolls, Elements, Environmental Control, Environmental Controls, Exhibit
Displays, Explosives, Fasteners, Feeds, Feet, Fineblanking, Firewalls, Flats,
Floor Coverings, Floor Plates, Fluorescent Lighting, Fluorescent Lighting
Fixtures, Flux, Furniture, Games, Garages, Golf Clubs, Governors, Guides,
Hospital Supplies, Hubs, HVAC Systems, Industrial Buildings, Industrial
Fasteners, Insulation, Interactive Exhibits, Jerseys, Light Bulbs, Lighting,
Lighting Fixtures, Lights, Locomotives, Measures, Metal Panels, Neon Lights,
Nets, Overalls, Panels, Pass Throughs, Pharmaceutical, Pharmaceuticals,
Plastics, Precast Concrete, Profiles, Promotional, Rails, Rounds, Safety
Equipment, Salt, Satellites, Scopes, Seating, Seats, Semiconductors, Showrooms,
Solutions, Spices, Sprinklers, Stainless Steel, Steel, Structural Steel,
T-Shirts, Tags, Targets, Telephones, Textiles, Traffic Lights, Traps, Trim, Wall
Panels, Wire, Workstations

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Official: EMSA change won't alter Edmond Fire responses

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 572 words


Oct. 15--EDMOND -- Policy changes regarding local ambulance response times won't
alter how the Edmond Fire Department approaches medical calls, a fire official
said.

Starting Nov. 1, in Oklahoma City, Edmond and Tulsa, Priority 1 call response
times will be 10 minutes and 59 seconds and 24 minutes and 59 seconds for
Priority 2 calls, according to EMSA.

For the suburbs of the metro areas, Priority 1 call response times will be 11
minutes and 59 seconds and 24 minutes and 59 seconds for Priority 2 calls.
Oklahoma City-area suburbs include Edmond, Bethany, Lake Aluma, Mustang, Nichols
Hills, Piedmont, The Village, Warr Acres and Yukon. Tulsa-area suburbs include
Bixby, Jenks and Sand Springs.

Priority 1 calls are critical situations such as heart attacks, strokes,
drownings and traumatic motor vehicle collisions, according to EMSA. Priority 2
calls are non life-threatening situations such as falls, broken limbs and minor
injury motor vehicle collisions.

EMSA Oklahoma City, a public trust authority of Tulsa and Oklahoma City, manages
ambulance service to more than 1.5 million-plus residents in central and
northern Oklahoma, Medical Director Jeffrey Goodloe, who oversees patient care
within the 16-city EMSA service area, said in a previous report.

Regarding public safety, Goodloe said he worries about the safety of medical
personnel and the public as personnel travel to calls trying to meet well
intentioned response standards, but not clinically validated response standards.
The change will help provide a safer system while ensuring continued quality
service for all patients, Goodloe said.

The local EMS system involves a robust system of 911 dispatchers who give
pre-arrival instructions and first responders.

Edmond Fire Chief Jake Rhoades said the Edmond Fire Department responds to both
Priority 1 calls and Priority 2 calls. They include full cardiac arrest to a
lift assist or someone that's just not feeling well that day, Rhoades said. This
is done since there could be an underlying condition, he said.

"That's what our system deserves and that's what it expects," Rhoades said.
"When that person dials 911 that is their worst day. We come in and deliver that
customer service."

Edmond and EMSA receive calls at the same time and both converge on a scene,
Rhoades said. Edmond personnel usually arrive first due to the strategically
placed fire stations, Rhoades said.

"We start delivering that care," he said. "Once they get there, we transfer that
care."

The Fire Department works 500-600 calls for service a month, with about 80
percent of those being EMS calls, Rhoades said. Of those, about 40 percent are
concurrent calls, Rhoades said. Measures are taken to ensure the Edmond Police
Department has personnel ready when needed if EMSA units are busy, he said.

Rhoades said the Fire Department stresses always being prepared and trying to
deliver paramedic-level service on every fire engine. Rhoades said the agency
has about 10 paramedics per shift, and the emphasis is having a trained
paramedic at every scene.

Rhoades said the EFD breaks down response times to see where service can
improve. How the EMSA response time changes will affect the Edmond Fire
Department is not yet known, Rhoades said. Officials will wait and see.

marks@edmondsun.com -- 341-2121, ext. 108

___ (c)2013 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131015-EO-Official-EMSA-change-won-t-alter
-Edmond-Fire-responses-1015-20131015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2013 The Edmond Sun


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 16, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Topics of The Times;
Racial Gerrymandering?

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 286 words


Susan Alter, a white New York City Council member from Brooklyn, claims to be
the victim of a racial gerrymander at the hands of the City Districting
Commission, which drew the lines last month for 51 new Council districts. She
has powerful evidence in the words of Esmeralda Simmons, the commission's vice
chairman. The city may owe this incumbent a fairer shot at re-election in a
redrawn district.

Ms. Alter, a council member since 1977, has won re-election in a district
increasingly populated by minorities, but the commission has thrown her into a
white-majority district where another incumbent, Noach Dear, has far stronger
white support. On the local WNET-TV program "Thirteen Live," Ms. Alter charged
Ms. Simmons and other commissioners with denying her the chance to continue
serving minority neighborhoods -- simply because she's white.

Officials rarely admit to such activity, but Ms. Simmons did -- and blamed the
Justice Department. She said the department, which is reviewing the new Council
lines under the Voting Rights Act, "frowns" on plans that produce white winners
in black districts. That's dangerously close to saying that black voters aren't
adequately represented unless they elect council members of their own race, a
stereotype that finds no support in the Constitution or the Federal voting law.

The commission could end this embarrassment by straightening out some of the
curliest lines in the annals of gerrymandering around Ms. Alter's Brooklyn base.
If it won't, the Justice Department or the courts should make clear, as the law
plainly states, that citizens are enfranchised when they elect representatives
of their choice, not when they elect members of their own race.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                   Alter Co.

                                700 Office Pkwy
                             Saint Louis,  MO 63141
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 515-210-3281
URL: http://www.altertrading.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 40433413

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Large (1001-5000 Employees)

CERTIFICATIONS:  ISO 9001
GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Alter Co. is a supplier focussed on Solutions, Grinding, Punching,
Transportation Services, and 4 other Product & Service categories tracked by
NetWise Data. Alter Co. does business in the Aerospace, Agriculture, and
Automation Industries, as well as 13 other major Manufacturing Industries. Alter
Co. has at least 5 business locations. The company describes itself via it's
website thusly: "Alter Trading Corporation is one of the leading scrap metal
recycling companies in North America, concentrating on scrap management and
consulting, processing, brokerage and transportation."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Recyclable Material Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
42393000
SIC CODES:
50930000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Solutions


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Grinding
     ·    Punching
     ·    Transportation Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Marine
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Safety
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Aerospace Metals
     ·    Beryllium
     ·    Beryllium Copper
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Carbide
     ·    Cast Iron
     ·    Cobalt
     ·    Copper
     ·    Iron
     ·    Iron Oxide
     ·    Magnesium
     ·    Manganese
     ·    Manganese Steel
     ·    Nickel
     ·    Non-Ferrous Metals
     ·    Plastics
     ·    Scrap Iron
     ·    Silicon
     ·    Silver
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $100 - 999.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Additives, Aerospace Metals, Aluminum Cans, Aluminum Scrap,
Badges, Balers, Barge Lines, Barges, Beryllium, Beryllium Copper, Briquettes,
Brochures, Bronze, Buses, Carbide, Cast Iron, Cobalt, Computer Boards,
Controllers, Copper, Copper Pipe, Copper Wire, Electric Motors, Electrical
Components, Extrusions, Feet, Granulators, Grinding, Ingots, Iron, Iron Oxide,
Lights, Magnesium, Manganese, Manganese Steel, Map Pins, Measures, Nickel,
Non-Ferrous Metals, Overalls, Pins, Plastics, Profiles, Punching, Rails, Rims,
Safety Equipment, Scales, Scrap, Scrap Iron, Scrap Metal, Shears, Sheets,
Shredders, Siding, Silicon, Silver, Solutions, Speakers, Spectrometers,
Stainless Steel, Steel, Steel Cans, Steel Wheels, Tins, Tires, Torches, Tracking
Systems, Transportation Services, Water Treatment Systems, Wheel Rims, Wire

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 26, 2005 Thursday

2005 Alter High School graduates get more than $4.7M in scholarships

BYLINE: By Helen Bebbington For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-14

LENGTH: 245 words


KETTERING - More than $4.7 million in scholarships was awarded this year to
graduates of the class of 2005 at Alter High School, 940 E. David Road.

The class, which has 157 students, will graduate during a ceremony at 9 a.m.
Saturday at the Nutter Center, 3640 Colonel Glenn Highway in Fairborn.

A baccalaureate Mass will be Friday at St. Charles Borromeo Church, 4600
Ackerman Blvd., followed by a dinner at the Presidential Banquet Center, 4548
Presidential Way. The valedictorian is Sarah Part, 18, the daughter of Howard
and Kristine Part of Washington Twp. Part said she will attend Dartmouth
University, but has not decided on a course of study. At Alter, Part was
involved in the theater program and was a member of the Key Club and National
Honor Society, among others. Part said she will miss Alter. "But I'm also ready
to move on," she said. Michael Horwath, 18, was named salutatorian. Horwath is
the son of John and Maureen Horwath of Kettering. Horwath plans to major in
chemistry at the University of Dayton.

"I'm really considering going to med school, but then I might also stick with
the chemistry."

Horwath ran track at Alter, as well as cross country, and was a member of the
Key Club, the French Club and Science Olympiad.

The class of 2005 also has two students, both female, who will join the
military.

Cassie Perando of Kettering will attend the U.S. Navy Nuclear Power School, and
join the Navy. Jennifer Fahrenholz of Centerville will join the U.S. Army.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 12, 2004 Friday

LET'S PLAY TWO;
C-J, Alter gear up for playof rematch

BYLINE: By Sean McClelland smclelland@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. G1

LENGTH: 618 words


DaYTON - Personality is everything in football. So says Chaminade-Julienne coach
Jim Place, who thinks his team discovered a new one in last week's 42-14
first-round playoff thumping of Miami Trace.

There had been an identity earlier, but when star runner Javon Ringer hurt his
knee and missed three games, the Eagles struggled to get it back. Now they have
located it, Place contends, perhaps just in time to avenge their loss to Alter
two weeks ago.

C-J and Alter hook up Saturday night at 7 at Welcome Stadium in the Division
III, Region 12 semifinals. The winner plays for the regional championship
against the Indian Hill-St. Marys Memorial winner and, of course, holds local
Catholic bragging rights until next season.

Ringer, who had surgery last week to repair the anterior cruciate ligament in
his right knee, will miss his fifth game. C-J is 2-2 without him. In his place
against Trace, Notre Dame-bound Brandon Harrison scooted for 219 yards and three
touchdowns.

"Javon was such a huge part of our personality," Place said. "Everything he
does, he does with such strength. It took time to develop a new personality, but
you've got to adjust. It's more of an emotional adjustment.

"Not to make excuses, but we didn't have a personality yet (in back-to-back
losses to Cincinnati Elder and Alter), and I'm a huge believer in that. We felt
so good as a team Saturday night. Like a whole new person."

Harrison, who turned 18 that day, all but predicted victory in this rematch,
saying only a few mental mistakes prevented the Eagles from beating Alter the
first time around.

"The plan we had worked good," Place said. "We just have to execute better."

Put Alter's personality under the microscope and you find linebackers who call
themselves the "Trinity." So it's a clash between C-J's irresistible
senior-dominated forces, including but not limited to Harrison, quarterback Matt
Bruggeman and receiver John Bonner, and the formidable 'backer troika of Matt
Krystofik, Tim Mantica and A.J. Savino.

Alter prevailed in the earlier meeting, 21-14, when Joe Braner intercepted a
Bruggeman pass intended for Bonner on C-J's first play in overtime. The Knights
had scored on quarterback Danny Fortener's 1-yard dive.

After losing four straight to C-J, the Knights have turned the tables, taking
four in a row. A whole C-J class has yet to experience victory in this rivalry.

"I don't make too much of that," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said. "It doesn't really
help us a whole lot in this situation. But I guess if there's a plus, it's that
we should be confident that we can play with them."

C-J relies on the quick strike, even without Ringer. Alter will try to make the
Eagles earn every yard. On offense, Alter controlled the ball and the clock in
the first meeting, assembling 12- and 10-play touchdown drives under the
direction of Fortener, who might be the fastest player on the field other than
Harrison.

The underrated unit on the field might be CJ's defense, which is challenged more
than Place might prefer simply because the Eagles often score so fast.

If it comes down to special teams, C-J might have the edge with Ben Rosenbauer,
the top kicker in the Greater Catholic League. The 6-foot-4, 270-pound former
lineman has the leg to hit from long distance and his kickoffs are rarely
returned.

Place would concede no psychological advantage despite not having beaten the
Knights in seemingly forever.

"I don't think any one game has any bearing on the next," Place said. "You won't
hear the word revenge from us. This is just another team we're playing in the
playoffs. I don't think the fans look at it this way, which is good because that
means we'll have a great crowd."

Contact Sean McClelland at (937) 225-2408.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHRIS STEWART/DAYTON DAILY NEWS ALTER'S JOE BRANER, front, breaks up a
pass intended for Chaminade-Julienne's John Bonner during the first meeting of
the two teams. Braner's interception in overtime sealed the Knight's 21-14
victory.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to ELWHA, LLC (Washington) on January 31, 2017
titled as "Nanoimprint lithography"

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,561,603 on January 31, 2017, to ELWHA, LLC (Washington) titled as "Nanoimprint
lithography"

Inventors: Hyde; Roderick A. (Redmond, WA), Kare; Jordin T. (Seattle, WA),
Weaver; Thomas A. (San Mateo, CA)


Assignee: ELWHA, LLC (Bellevue, WA) (Washington)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
mold may include a plurality of nanostructures configured to form a lithographic
pattern when imprinted into a material. Imprinting may include imprinting the
mold a first predetermined distance, modifying a temperature of the material,
and altering a position of the mold based on the temperature modification. One
or more thermal elements may alter a temperature of a first section of the
material and/or one or more nanostructures for a predetermined pulse time less
than an equilibrium time required for the mold and/or material to reach a stable
temperature state. A first thermal element may selectively alter the temperature
of a first section of the material and/or a first nanostructure and a second
thermal element may selectively alter the temperature of a second section of the
material and/or a second nanostructure. The one or more thermal elements may
include one or more thermoelectric elements."

The patent was filed on January 3, 2013 Application No. 13/733,721


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             July 28, 2001 Saturday

MD counties offer intermediary for attys., judges

BYLINE: Joe Surkiewicz

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1678 words


There comes a time when every judge needs a reality check -- and often it takes
the form of a not-too-subtle reminder that the black-robed master of the
courtroom was appointed, not anointed.

Yet it's a task few attorneys relish -- even if they think a judge has it out
for them, is too abrupt, uses offensive or sexist language, or any gripe that
falls short of ethical misconduct or judicial disability.

So what's a lawyer to do when a judge needs to be reminded she puts on her
pantyhose one leg at a time?

In some Maryland counties, there is a way: Pick up the phone and call the
judge's "alter ego."

It works like this: The county bar association pairs every member of the bench
with a trusted friend or former associate chosen by the judge.

The alter ego serves as an intermediary to relay lawyers' complaints in a
confidential manner -- and provides a relief-valve for day-to-day courtroom
frustrations. Lists of judges and their alter egos are usually printed in the
bar association's monthly newsletter.

The programs in Maryland -- which may be unique, according to spokeswomen at the
National Center for State Courts in Williamsburg, Va., and the Association of
Trial Lawyers of America in Washington -- got their start in Montgomery County.

"We wanted a system to allow lawyers to complain about judges without going
directly to him or her," explained Judge Paul H. Weinstein, administrative judge
of the Montgomery County Circuit Court and the founder of the state's first
alter-ego program a decade ago.

"Every judge and master designates some member of the bar as his or her alter
ego," Weinstein said. "It was a way judges can find out if they're doing things
they shouldn't."

Weinstein called the Montgomery program "very successful, because if there were
problems, I'd hear about them. We don't keep records, and the alter egos are
under a mandate not to blab. It's an avenue lawyers can use, even if they think
a judge is picking on them."

Weinstein's alter ego, attorney Barry H. Helfand, called the program "a great
idea."

"It should be everywhere," Helfand enthused. "The point is to have one, even if
the judges don't get a lot of complaints. It means the program must be working."

Helfand said administrative judges get the most complaints because "they have
the problem of making cases go forward" and constantly are denying continuances
and other pre-trial motions.

"But how do you talk to a judge?" Helfand asked. "So they call me and say,
'Barry, is there something you can do,' if they're upset with something the
judge said. Judges are only human beings and will say things lawyers take
personally."

Glenn M. Cooper, president of the Bar Association of Montgomery County, said
members like the program "a lot." The bar group, boasting 3,000 members, is the
largest in Maryland.

"It's opened up channels to raise concerns over things lawyers do and about the
things judges do," Cooper said. "The process is designed to be invisible.
Mostly, the judges instigate choosing their alter egos just after they're
appointed."

Other alter-ego programs are run by local bar associations in Prince George's,
Howard, Anne Arundel and Baltimore counties, as well as in Baltimore City.

Judge Ronald D. Schiff of the Prince George's County Circuit Court praised his
county's program, which has been in place "three or four years," he said.

"All the judges in the county, including federal judges, name an alter ego --
usually a good friend or former partner the judge feels comfortable talking to,"
Schiff explained. "Attorneys can go to them with complaints over demeanor,
disparaging remarks, showing up late -- things that don't go to the level of
judicial disabilities."

The system -- which Schiff said is publicized in the local bar newsletter and
still not utilized enough by county attorneys -- "can bring a little reality to
a judge," he said. "It gives another option for complaints, and it's better than
an anonymous letter."

Judge Richard H. Sothoron Jr., another member of the circuit court bench and
immediate past-president of the Maryland State Bar Association, also gave the
county bar's program a thumbs-up.

"There's a format to pursue that won't put the attorney in the hot seat,"
Sothoron said. "But because it's confidential, I can't say how effective it is.
No one keeps a tally sheet."

One attorney who serves as an alter ego to several judges spoke on the condition
his name not be used. He reported that the system in Prince George's "isn't used
a lot, but when used, it was used correctly."

The alter ego offered an example: "One attorney came to me saying the judge was
very short with him, and [the attorney] got defensive. It fed on itself."

When the alter ego relayed the complaint, the judge said he wasn't aware his
words were upsetting a member of the bar. "It worked out rather well," the alter
ego said. "But I haven't had many calls. I guess we have good judges."

Another alter ego (who also declined to allow his name to appear) said a lawyer
came to him complaining that a judge was "extremely abrupt." The attorney wanted
to know if it was "a personal thing."

"It had to do with the cynicism the judge was putting out in the courtroom," the
alter ego said. "The judge's response was, 'I'll take a look at my behavior, but
some attorneys can be awfully thin-skinned.'"

The alter ego said that while he protected the confidentiality of the
complaining lawyer, the judge "acted like she knew who it was. But I never heard
anything back, which I took to be positive."

Another lawyer went to the same alter ego griping that the judge "wouldn't get
on the bench promptly."

"She made the effort [to be more prompt]," the alter ego recalled after relaying
the complaint, "but asked me about attorneys not showing up on time. That time,
[relaying the complaint] made a lot of difference, even though the judge said,
'I run things the way I run things.'

"I think it's a good program," the alter ego summed up. "It's important, though,
that bar members can trust the alter ego."

The retribution factor

Fear of retaliation by judges, even in a program based on confidentiality, may
explain why some alter egos don't get many calls.

"Sometimes there's a little temerity by attorneys," said Sheila K. Sachs, a
prominent Baltimore family law attorney and the alter ego to Baltimore County
Circuit Court Judge John F. Fader II.

"No matter what the system is, lawyers are loathe to make complaints, even if
they're confidential, because there may be retribution," Sachs said. "The power
of judges is very great."

When Sachs took some "suggestions" to Fader, she said, the judge was "very
receptive. But whether a judge's behavior is modified, I don't know. But [Fader]
was mindful of what I said."

Judge John O. Hennegan of the Baltimore County Circuit Court said the county's
four-year-old alter-ego program is used "a fair amount."

"It's a good thing to have an alter ego who can say to you, 'I don't know if
you're having a bad day, a bad week, a bad month or what.' You believe them,"
Hennegan said. "I picked two people to be my alter egos. It's like having a
sister or a brother. If you do that, it works well."

Hennegan said the alter-ego program is especially helpful to lawyers who fear
"keeping a judge mad at them. The job is hard enough without holding grudges.
This program helps us get along with our lives."

Judge Kathleen G. Cox, another member of the Baltimore County Circuit Court
bench, ventured that only half of the county's lawyers are aware of the alter
-ego program. Cox, who has two alter egos, said she has yet to get a complaint
after more than two years on the bench.

"One reason it may not be working is because judges pick people they're very
comfortable with," said Cox, who was Judge James T. Smith Jr.'s alter ego before
she became a judge. "The idea is to get a comfort level. But the drawback is
that lawyers perceive it as whining to a close friend. But I don't know."

But even if only "5 percent" of complaints about judges are made to alter egos
and relayed to judges, "it serves a good purpose," Cox added. "Ideally, though,
it would be used a little more."

In Baltimore City, Judge Ellen M. Heller, administrative judge for the circuit
court, said the alter-ego program provides an additional path to solving
problems. But, Heller added, to the best of her knowledge the program isn't used
very often.

Several phone calls to the Bar Association of Baltimore City yielded little
information on the program, which Heller said has been in place for three years.
With 2,700 members, the association is the second largest in the state.

The bar association president, Robert B. Kershaw, didn't return a phone call
seeking comment. The bar association's Web site offers some information on the
program, but (unlike the Anne Arundel Bar Association), doesn't provide names of
participating judges and their alter egos; instead, attorneys are advised to
call the association for a list. However, repeated calls to the bar association
this week failed to turn up a list.

Not that the city's circuit court bench doesn't have its share of misbehaving
judges.

Last month the Commission on Judicial Disabilities rebuked Judge Alfred Nance
for his "inappropriate," "undignified" and "demeaning" demeanor toward women in
his court and in chambers.

The commission also criticized Nance for being "rude" and "hostile" to attorneys
representing the University of Maryland Medical System in a medical malpractice
lawsuit.

Yet in spite of occasional problems like that, just having alter-ego programs is
a good sign, said one legal expert.

"It's an excellent idea to provide an in-between method for hearing lawyer
complaints," said William L. Reynolds II, a University of Maryland law professor
and an expert on judicial process. "The programs at least provide a safety valve
for irate lawyers and may help in changing bad judicial behavior."

Copyright 2000 The Daily Record. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                  Cartus Sàrl;

                             avenue des Morgines 12
                                Petit-Lancy 1213
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. April 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Les Acacias
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Petit-Lancy

DATUM:  9. November 1999
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  chemin Malombré 5, Genève
NEUES DOMIZIL:  route des Jeunes 9, Genève


DATUM:  9. März 1994
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  rue Musy 7, Genève
NEUES DOMIZIL:  chemin Malombré 5, Genève

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0223070100
TELEFAX: 0223070101
INTERNET: www.cartus.com
E-MAIL: info@cartus.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406318907

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: GmbH / Handelsregistereintrag: 14.08.1992
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 60


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  4. Februar 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
FIRMENNAME:  PME Group Associates SA
FIRMENORT:  Les Acacias
AKTIVA:  CHF 1.39 Mio.
PASSIVA:  CHF 844'611.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 550'000.00
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Selon bilan de transformation au 01.01.2004.
 CLIENTÈLE: multinationales
AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Christian Jacquemoud
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.05.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

NAME:  Philippe LAMBELET
ORT:  Veyrier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Forel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.05.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Cartus Corporation
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Delaware
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

FILIALE:
NAME:  Cartus Sàrl succursale de Basel
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Filiale

NAME:  Cartus Sàrl succursale de Lausanne
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Filiale


NAME:  Cartus Sàrl succursale de Neuchâtel
ORT:  Neuchâtel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Filiale


NAME:  Cartus Sàrl succursale de Zürich
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Filiale


NAME:  Cartus Sàrl succursale de Embrach
ORT:  Embrach
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Filiale


GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Max Blauenstein
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Strengelbach

NAME:  Mary Ryan Deirdre
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Londres, GB
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Ian Christopher Balfour Payne
STELLUNG:  Vorsitzender
ORT:  Londres, GB
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Francis Charles Docherty
ORT:  Bernex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Confignon


NAME:  Marie Case Johnson
ORT:  Memphis
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.06.2004


NAME:  Robert William Raton
ORT:  Germantown
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.06.2004


NAME:  Mirella Rizzo
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Suhr
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.11.2006


NAME:  Charles Matthew Spinolo
ORT:  Germantown
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  également président


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  Cartus Corporation
ORT:  Delaware
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  100
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 200'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.11.2006 auparavant PS de SFr. 160'000.
Gem. HRPublikation vom 11.06.2004

NAME:  Michelle GUIGUES
ORT:  Mérignac (F)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.08.1992 Er/Sie fungierte als
Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.01.1996 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Thierry Lombard
ORT:  Chêne-Bougeries
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.05.2004 Er/Sie fungierte als
Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.06.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.
Er/Sie war nicht zeichnungsberechtigt. (par

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Les 60 collaborateurs sont l'effectif du personnel pour toute la Suisse. La
société s'occupe de projets de relocation, de procédés de développement,
d'outsourcing, etc.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
82990 - Erbringung sonstiger wirtschaftlicher Dienstleistungen für Unte

   Fourniture de services de consulting en ressources humaines, de gestion du
transfert de personnel, d'assistance à l'immigration, de formation et de conseil
quant à la destination dans le domaine du transfert et de la mobilité de
personnel, au service des besoins des sociétés et des personnes, au niveau
international.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 7.80

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers SA
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Oktober 1998

NAME:  Comfisarcom Sàrl
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. April 1997
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.03.2002
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Fiduciaire CT Contrôle S.A.
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Juni 1996
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.03.2002 Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor.
Gem. HRPublikation vom 25.01.2006 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  PKF Fiduciaire SA
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  17. August 1983
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Av. des Morgines 12, 1213 Petit-
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.

IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Rue de Maillerfer 15, 2000 Neuch
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Angaben über Grundeigentum sind nicht erhältlich. à
Basel, Embrach, Lausanne et Zürich.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100 % liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANZAHL:  200
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1'000.00
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Selon fosc 100/26.05.2004 : la capital actions est converti
en capital social

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
GV DATUM:  20. März 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 50'000.00

KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
GV DATUM:  20. März 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 50'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
GV DATUM:  20. März 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  17. Oktober 2007
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  GmbH Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 170'324.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 87'560.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 82'764.00
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  Selon contrat de fusion du 26.06.2007 et bilan au
31.12.2006


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  21. Dezember 2010
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Primacy Relocation Sàrl
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Cartus Sàrl

DATUM:  11. Juni 2004
ALTES DOMIZIL:  PME Group Associates Sàrl
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Primacy Relocation Sàrl


DATUM:  26. Mai 2004
ALTES DOMIZIL:  PME Group Associates SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  PME Group Associates Sàrl


DATUM:  5. Juni 2000
ALTES DOMIZIL:  PME SARL
NEUES DOMIZIL:  PME Group Associates SA

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 29, 2004 Monday

Fairmont boys beat Alter for first time in a decade

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton mpendleton@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 509 words


DAYTON - The moment wasn't lost on Lamar Skeeter. Fairmont's sophomore guard
glanced at the University of Dayton Arena scoreboard and saw history in the
making.

"Going into the fourth quarter, when I saw that we were up, I was thinking,
'This is big,' " Skeeter said.

The Firedbirds' boys basketball team didn't shock the world, but its rugged
40-37 defeat of Kettering brethren Alter in Sunday's Dor-Wood Optimist Club
tripleheader likely felt like it. Fairmont hadn't beaten Alter in boys hoops in
10 years.

"This feels great," said Skeeter, a strong and quick point leader who eluded
Alter's defensive pressure for a game-high 16 points, including 10 free throws.

"I can't even put it in words how it feels. It's great."

It also was no fluke. The Knights had to rally in the fourth quarter behind
center Andy Dorow's 12 points to have a chance at the end. Danny Fortener's
3-ball from the corner missed and 2-0 Fairmont celebrated as if it were a Kodak
moment. That's understandable, because the Firebirds won just six games last
season and lost seven contests by four points or less.

"Since I got the job, we've been in a rebuilding phase," said Fairmont coach
Hank Bias, in his fourth season with the Birds. "And it's been hard on us all at
times and frustrating for our fans and community. That's not to say that this
game is a turning point, but it certainly is an indication that we are starting
to regroup again athletically at Fairmont."

Skeeter's four late fourth-quarter free throws kept Fairmont ahead, and Jules
Grasso added a pair with 21.2 seconds left to seal the upset.

Fairmont sub Kyle Molz added 12 points.

* Springboro 48, C-J 46, OT:

A season-opening win had always eluded Zach Johnson and his senior Panther
teammates. No more.

"We've never won the first game of our season, so this is big for us seniors,"
said Johnson, whose 3-pointer with 28 seconds left was the only OT bucket in the
tripleheader's opener.

"We're good enough shooters that, really, any of us can take that shot. They
can't guard all of us."

Deadlocked at 45-all after regulation, C-J managed just a single free throw by
John Bonner in OT.

Senior C-J center Derrick Brown scored 16 points and added a game-high 13
rebounds.

But it was senior guard Jevan Collins who rallied the Eagles, making four
3-pointers in the final 10 minutes to finish with a gamehigh 18 points and three
steals.

"Coach (Joe Staley) told me to shoot the ball, and that's one thing I think I
can do," said Collins, whose outside touch could provide the perfect balance to
Brown's strong inside game.

Sean Miller led Springboro with 15 points.

* Centerville 51, Northmont 38: Justin Johnson (12 points) and David Imbrogno
(11) led a methodical Elks' dismantling of the 0-2 Thunderbolts.

It was the perfect salve for Centerville, which was outscored 15-1 in the final
two minutes of a onepoint season-opening loss to Cincinnati St. Xavier last
Friday. "It was certainly nice to come back and get a win," Elks coach Jim
Staley said. Nate Pratt led the T-Bolts with 10 points.

Contact Marc Pendleton at 225-2381.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 23, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Embracing Mother Russia, Warmly;
To Emigres in Brooklyn, Furs Are Badge of Success

BYLINE:  By JOSEPH BERGER

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1068 words


In Russia, there is a cherished expression, says Anatoly Alter, furrier to the
women of Brighton Beach: "We're not so rich that we can buy cheap merchandise."

This, he says, helps explain why even Russian immigrants of modest income in the
neighborhood must have a fur.

Along bustling Brighton Beach Avenue in Brooklyn, shadowed by the arches of the
elevated Q train line, fur is worn not just by nouveau riche housewives who come
back to the old neighborhood to shop but by Russian grandmothers laden down with
plastic supermarket bags and students in their 20's.

"We're hard working and we make money and we can buy the same things as rich
people," said Victoria Goldenstein, a businesswoman who immigrated from the
Moldova 15 years ago and seemed surprised that someone would even question her
decision to wear fur.

Already sporting a lustrous mahogany mink, Mrs. Goldenstein was in Mr. Alter's
shop with a mink-clad friend to drop off a Persian lamb coat for repair. While
there, she could not resist trying on a few of Mr. Alter's minks.

Russians, Ukrainians and other immigrants from the former Soviet Union now
number more than 212,000 in the metropolitan New York area. Some have been here
long enough to feel secure. Most of the professionals who came over in the early
1970's had to work as taxi drivers until they qualified here to work again as
doctors and professors. More than a few have been able to buy Brighton Beach's
$500,000 condominiums.

"They want people to recognize them," said Mr. Alter, who at 62 has chiseled
good looks, a Cossack's erect bearing and the flair of a Seventh Avenue
designer. "It's a little, maybe, show-off, but maybe not. Fur is glamour, and
when you make the first step in life you want a nice car, nice clothing, nice
jewelry, and fur is part of that.

"People here, the second, third generation, they stop showing off what they
achieve. They don't have to."

Richard Alba, a sociology professor at the State University of New York at
Albany, agrees. Wearing fur may be ostentatious, he said, but it is
understandable given the struggle of gaining a foothold in this country and the
need for some acknowledgment.

"The ways of demonstrating that they have been able to maintain or enhance
status are really very critical for immigrants," he said.

"For the Russians, it may be having an expensive fur they couldn't afford in the
Soviet Union. For the Italians, it was owning property."

Mr. Alter contends that American women waste their money on a variety of winter
coats -- perhaps a tweed overcoat for work, a parka for weekend walks, a camel's
hair for the opera.

"American women, they have closets with lots of garbage," said Mr. Alter, who
wears a diamond pinky ring. "It's another shmatte for $200 or $300.

"In Russian woman's closet, you can see a mink coat for $2,000 or $3,000. And
she have nothing else to wear when it's cold. If a woman go to Anne Klein, a
cloth coat can cost $2,000 to $3,000. For $3,000, she can buy a magnificent mink
coat.

"If a woman wear an Anne Klein coat and another woman wear a mink coat, who's
going to get more attention?"

To cater to this Russian passion for fur, the eight-block shopping district
along Brighton Beach Avenue boasts three fur shops, including Mr. Alter's
Classic Fur, a number that would be striking even in an affluent part of
Manhattan.

And among the avenue's smoked-fish stores and vodka-fueled nightclubs, there are
also a half-dozen electronics and clothing stores that sell furs. An informal
five-minute count of women passing on the avenue indicated almost half were
wearing something of fur.

Fur is totemic for women of the former Soviet Union -- "It's in the blood," Mr.
Alter says -- in the way that saris can be for women in Indian neighborhoods in
Queens or that anything silk may be for Chinese women in Sunset Park.

It embraces them in the homeland they never stop missing, no matter how deep
their affection for this country.

Then there are the memories of Russian winters. There have been freezing days in
New York lately, but it was a numbing 17 degrees below zero the other day in
Moscow, and Moscow sets the fashion for Brighton Beach Avenue.

"First of all, it's warm, it looks beautiful, it makes the woman look gorgeous,"
said Diana Daniloff, a 22-year-old immigrant from the Caucasus region who will
be starting New York University Law School in September.

She was in Mr. Alter's shop with her mother looking for a long mink coat to
supplement the shorter mink she already has.

Mr. Alter's wife, Raya, said Russians who came in remembered the prestige mink
once conferred under Communism. Ordinary Russians would wear thickly lined cloth
coats, while government wives often wore Persian lamb coats with blue mink
collars.

"People want to get in America what they couldn't get in Russia," Mrs. Alter
said.

Russians, like many other Europeans, also dress up when they leave the house --
no parka, jeans and sneakers for them. Irene Perchonok, a St. Petersburg
emigrant and a part owner of Majestic Fashion, a fur store just off Brighton
Beach Avenue, said that Russians tended to spend their spare cash while
Americans saved it.

"American people believe they're going to leave a will for their children," she
said, "so the children have to wait for the parents to die."

Mr. Alter and his wife came here from Kiev in 1978. On his third day in New
York, Mr. Alter found a job as a machine operator in Manhattan's fur district.
Barely two years later, he opened his first fur shop in what had been a laundry
on Brighton Beach Avenue.

Then 10 years ago he opened a second shop a few blocks away, eventually buying
the entire building. Classic Fur now carries 2,000 furs, including sable, ermine
and chinchilla, priced at $500 to $40,000.

Russian women, Mr. Alter said, have not been swayed by animal-rights activists.
And the penchant for fur is catching. He has African-American customers who have
been steered to his shop by Russian neighbors.

Some Russians who grew up in this country and were hungry to fit in despised
furs as children, seeing them as their parents' musty baggage, said Mr. Alter's
daughter, Regina, a corporate lawyer at Dreier & Baritz on Park Avenue.

"I never thought I would wear fur," she said. "As a kid, Russians tended to wear
furs and Americans didn't. Now that I'm all grown up, I see them differently.
They're beautiful, they're light, they're warm, and they're back in style."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: An eight-block shopping district along Brighton Beach Avenue in
Brooklyn includes three fur shops. At Classic Fur, Tamara Zapolotsky, a
saleswoman, assists a customer. (Justin Lane for The New York Times)(pg. B1);
Along Brighton Beach Avenue, fur is worn not only by nouveau riche housewives
coming back to the old neighborhood to shop but by Russian grandmothers laden
down with plastic supermarket bags. (Justin Lane for The New York Times)(pg. B7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 19, 1989 Monday

Alter enjoys his homecoming

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER YOUNG; GAM

LENGTH: 226 words


BY  CHRISTOPHER YOUNG
    For a kid who grew up in Toronto and was known to take a plunge or two
at Fort Erie, Happy Alter had quite a homecoming this week at Woodbine.

Yesterday, the Alter-trained Frosty the Snowman simply annihilated the
opposition in winning the $115,300 King Edward Gold Cup in world record
time. Frosty the Snowman covered the 1 1"8-mile Marshall turf course in
1.44 2"5, chopping three-fifths of a second from a mark previously held by
four horses, including Yankee Affair's mark in a division of the 1988 King
Eddie.

'I'm feeling very sentimental,' said Alter, who left Toronto and now  lives in
Miami, his Florida training base. 'I feel grateful for the way  people have
treated me here.

'Maybe it's because I'm not sure where home is. Maybe people sense the  pride I
have in being a Canadian.'     Frosty the Snowman was one of three horses Alter
brought up from  Florida this week - and all won, making it more than just a
sentimental  journey.

With a strong ride from jockey Dave Penna, Frosty, the 6-to-5 favorite,
stalked a quick early pace then accelerated into the stretch by himself.
The four-year-old colt finished three lengths up on second-place American
Bred, with Pat Day aboard. Plate Dancer was third.

Mi Selecto, purchased for a reported $750,000 by Frank Stronach a few
weeks before the race, struggled home seventh.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                               TOGEWA Holding AG;

                               Nussbaumstrasse 25
                                   Bern 3006
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  11. Februar 2003
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Worbstrasse 223, Gümligen
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Nussbaumstrasse 25, Bern

DATUM:  2. Mai 2000
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Alter Aargauerstalden 2, Bern
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Worbstr. 223, Gümligen


DATUM:  10. März 2000
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Bollwerk 21, Bern
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Alter Aargauerstalden 2, Bern

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0313411010
TELEFAX: 0313411011
INTERNET: www.comfone.com
E-MAIL: info@comfone.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406299292

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1990
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 26.03.1990
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  25. Juli 2016

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf inf.Herabs.d.Kapital
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  18. Mai 2010
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  25. Mai 2010
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB 100 / 2010
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  27. Juli 2010
FRISTART 1:  Anmeldefrist für Forderungen
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Forderungen an: TOGEWA Holding AG Herr Marco
Zahnd, Nussbaumstrasse 25, Postfach, 3000 Bern 22
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  27. Mai 2010
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB 98 / 2010
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Bisheriger Nennwert: CHF 800'000.00 Neuer
Nennwert: CHF 100'000.00 /Hinweis: Die Gläubiger können ihre Forderungen
anmelden und Befriedigung oder Sicherstellung verlangen.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  José Collazo
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Palos Verdes USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.08.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.

NAME:  Geraldine E. Philippe
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zollikofen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Roggwil BE


NAME:  Anton Stadelmann
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Bolligen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bolligen


NAME:  Walter Heutschi
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Zollikofen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Balsthal SO


NAME:  Walter Heutschi
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Zollikofen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Balsthal SO


NAME:  Hans-Jörg Dubach
ORT:  Zollikofen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bolligen, Lützelflüh
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.07.1998 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Daniel Grütter
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Roggwil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 10.03.2000 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Paul Hostettler
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wahlern
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.03.94 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr.rer.pol. Heinz Locher
ORT:  Bern 15
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hasle bei Burgdorf
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.07.1998 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Walter Heutschi
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Jegenstorf
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Balsthal SO

NAME:  Geraldine E. Philippe
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Roggwil BE


NAME:  Anton Stadelmann
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Bolligen
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bolligen


NAME:  Tobias Waldner
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Jegenstorf
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 03.08.2009 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Comfone AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. Oktober 1997
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'500'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Halten von Beteiligungen.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften

   Beteiligung an Unternehmen jeder Art, insbesondere im
Telekommunikationsbereich; sie kann Grundstücke erwerben.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 0.00
2015                   CHF 0.00

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Walter Heutschi
ORT:  Jegenstorf
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Balsthal SO

NAME:  Geraldine E. Philippe
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Roggwil BE


NAME:  Anton Stadelmann
ORT:  Bolligen
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bolligen


NAME:  Tobias Waldner
ORT:  Jegenstorf
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 03.08.2009 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Comfone AG
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  10. Oktober 1997
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'500'000.00


NAME:  TOGEWA consult AG
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  18. Mai 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


LIIERUNG:
NAME:  TOGEWA consult AG
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  18. Mai 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  TOGEWAcom AG
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. Mai 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 590'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Bern


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  8'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 12.50

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Mai 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 800'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  2. Mai 2000
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 800'000.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  29. Juni 2010
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 213'620.22
PASSIVEN:  CHF 336'730.60
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF -123'110.38

FUSIONDATUM:  29. Juni 2010
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 202'583.81
PASSIVEN:  CHF 43'809.61
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 158'774.20


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  2. Mai 2000
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Prevoconsult AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  TOGEWA Holding AG

DATUM:  15. Juli 1998
ALTES DOMIZIL:  HMI Consult AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Prevoconsult AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 26, 2006 Thursday

4 Alter alumni to be inducted;
Fourth annual Hall of Fame ceremonies Feb. 3

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-7

LENGTH: 446 words


Alter High School has selected four distinguished alumni for induction into its
2006 Alumni Hall of Fame.

The Hall, in its fourth year, recognizes Alter alumni for outstanding
accomplishments during high school and following graduation.

This year's induction ceremony will be held Feb. 3 at the Presidential Banquet
Center, 4548 Presidential Way.

Inductees include:

Rick Fersch Class of 1967

Rick Fersch worked his way up to CEO and president of Eddie Bauer Inc. after 14
years with the company.

But, in September 2000, at age 50, he suffered a severe stroke, threatening not
only his career, but his life.

Fersch resolved to change his life with God's help.

He received a phone call from the archbishop of Seattle asking him to become the
executive director of stewardship and development for the archdiocese.

Despite taking on the Catholic Appeal during a challenging time for the church -
both economically and publicly - Fersch has managed to increase contributions
annually.

Under Fersch's guidance, the archdiocese went from earning $8.8 million in 2002
to a recordbreaking $12 million in 2005.

Dan Graham,

Class of 1974

With his bachelor of science degree in business administration and economics
from Heidelberg College, Dan Graham started in telephone sales with The Berry
Co. in Dayton in 1978.

His career with the company has now spanned 27 years.

Graham has held positions in sales, administration and management, including
area manager in Dayton and Milwaukee, division manager in Wisconsin, and
regional vice president for the Tennessee and Kentucky region.

Most recently, Graham was group vice president, responsible for Berry's
Independent Line of Business, Marketing, Internet and Publishing, and president
of the Berry Network, the company's national sales channel.

Dr. Rebecca L. Glaser, Class of 1975

Dr. Rebecca L. Glaser has treated hundreds of Dayton women diagnosed with breast
cancer and hundreds more for hormonal imbalances, which can be a precursor to
cancer and other ailments.

Glaser has worked as both a surgeon and a physician, and has become a very
popular breast cancer specialist.

Glaser retired as a surgeon in 2004 but maintains her practice and diligence in
helping patients with health and wellness issues.

Julie Pfeiffer, Class of 1980

Julie Pfeiffer began her career as an art teacher after earning her bachelor of
fine arts and master of arts in art education degrees from Miami University.

Pfeiffer spent 15 years fostering creative expression in children at the primary
and elementary levels of education.

In 2001, she founded Imaginattic, a creativity studio for children ages 2-12 in
Cincinnati.

Pfeiffer serves as president and is an educator at Imaginattic.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dan Graham
Rebecca Glaser
Rick Fersch
Julie Pfeiffer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Scientific endeavors earn Governor's Award for Alter;
High school's science teachers received the recognition for Excellence in Youth
Science Opportunities.

BYLINE: By Katherine Ullmer Staff Writer

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-13

LENGTH: 554 words


KETTERING - For the second year in a row, Alter High School has come away with
the Governor's Award for Excellence in Youth Science Opportunities.

The award is given by The Ohio Academy of Science, in partnership with the
governor's office and the Ohio Department of Education, to recognize schools and
teachers who stimulate student scientific research.

A number of area schools were among the 83 Ohio schools that received the award
in September, but most were middle or elementary schools, said Kirsten
MacDougal, director of marketing and communications for Alter.

To qualify for the award, schools had to hold a local science fair with 20 or
more students, with students going to one of the academy's 16 district science
days. Students also had to be involved in other off-campus activities, museum
visits, field trips, etc.

Alter attributes its win to a strong science faculty and self-disciplined
students, MacDougal said. "We have a very strong off-site collaboration with
Wright State University. Bonnie Walter, our science chair heads up the program,
but it's amazing that every one of our science teachers, whether its biology or
chemistry or physics, is involved."

Alter science teachers Jennifer Butler, Jacalyn Schmidt (since retired),
Michelle Popp, Barbara Groene, John Gates and Bonnie Walter were among 222
teachers who received Governor's Award certificates for the 2006-07 school year.

Butler, who teaches biology and ecology, helps organize the annual Science
Olympiad and science fair. She is assisted by Groene, who teaches chemistry,
Popp, who teaches physics, and Gates, who teaches physical science, biology and
chemistry.

Popp also organizes an annual field trip to Florida so students can swim with
the manatees. Walter, who teaches anatomy, arranges for the cadaver classes
students attend at the Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University
along with its six-week mini medical college evening lectures.

Butler said she and Popp organized a science camp for third- through
sixthgraders at Alter last summer. Her ecology students visit Montgomery
County's wastewater treatment plant and last year placed first in Rumpke Waste
Removal & Recycling's school trash recycling contest, she said.

"The faculty in our science department are innovative. They are creative. They
will stop at nothing to find new and different ways to present science," said
Nicole Brainard, Alter principal. "They are very good at hands-on activities
that peak the kids' interest."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2341 or kullmer@DaytonDaily News.com. Area
Governor's Awards winners

Beavercreek: Ferguson Middle School - Georgie Rosier

Bellbrook: Bellbrook Middle School - Cathy St. Pierre

Centerville: Incarnation School - Linda Bruns

Centerville: Tower Heights Middle School - Beckie Hulings

Dayton: Carroll High School - Kathy Keller, Suz Levy, Lauarie Fuhr and Razia
Abdulla

Dayton: Chaminade-Julienne High School - Christine Tetzlaff and Shannon Speelman

Dayton: Dominion Academy of Dayton - Michael Ferdelman, Mark Lecklider, Sandy
McNamara, Pam Laughlin and Patty Stipich Sidney: Lehman Catholic High School -
Cyndi Shepard, Ginny Scherer and Tracy Hall

Springfield: Catholic Central Junior High and High School - Veronica Phillips

Tipp City: Tippecanoe Middle School - Curt Earl, Len Kenyon, Meredith Connor and
Mark Mays

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Popp teaches a chemistry class at Alter High School. The
science department at the school won the Governor's Award for Excellence in
Science. Popp is one of five science teachers at the school. Staff photo by Ron
Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                              Alter Enterprise LLC

                               1121 E Broadway St
                                    Ste 101
                              Missoula,  MT 59802
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 406-214-3977
URL: http://www.alterenterprise.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  http://www.linkedin.com/company/233524
http://www.youtube.com/user/AlterEnterprise
https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/117900786572934798274/117900786572934798274/about/
p/pub
https://twitter.com/alterenterprise

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 4975691

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Alter Enterprise LLC is a supplier focussed on Scales, Solutions, Desktop
Computers, Computer Services, Security Services, and 5 other Product & Service
categories tracked by NetWise Data. Alter Enterprise LLC does business in the
Automation, Automotive, and Biomedical Industries, as well as 15 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Alter Enterprise LLC has at least 4 business
locations. The company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Alter
Enterprise offers a complete range of computer services including hosted
exchange, server updates, network maintenance & video conferencing equipment."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Custom Computer Programming Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
51711000
SIC CODES:
73750000
CAGE CODES:
5XEN0
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Scales
     ·    Solutions
     ·    Desktop Computers
     ·    Scales


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Computer Services
     ·    Security Services


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Automation
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Healthcare
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Software
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Composites


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Access Controls, Backgrounds, Banking, Calendars, Channels,
Composites, Computer Services, Computer Systems, Consoles, Credit Cards, Data
Recovery, Desktop Computers, Flags, Folders, Generators, Guards, Hardware,
Measures, Overalls, Platforms, Posts, Routers, Scales, Scopes, Security
Services, Sockets, Solutions, Tags, Transmissions, Traps, Workstations

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Alaska: BRIEF DESCRIPTION:The Department of Revenue proposes regulations to
implement legislation enacted in 2013 affecting the oil and gas production tax.
The regulations relate to the calculation of production tax values, gross value
reductions and tax credits for qualified North Slope oil and gas, the treatment
of lease expenditures for oil and gas subject to tax limitations, tax credits,
specification of a single lease or property for production tax purposes, and
conforming and clarifying

LENGTH: 620  words

DATELINE: Juneau


The State of Alaska has issued the following Public Notice:

The Board of Pharmacy proposes regulations to define certain facilities as high
risk pharmacies, require physical inspections of pharmacies, update the
requirements for reinstatement of an expired license, add regulations regarding
persons who are authorized to access information in the controlled substance
prescription database, update the definition of "dispenser", and update the
controlled substances reporting requirements for dispensers.

The Board of Pharmacy proposes to adopt regulation changes in Title 12, Chapter
52 of the Alaska Administrative Code, dealing with facility licensing, review of
applications for registration of pharmacies, inspections of pharmacies,
reinstatement of an expired license, conditions for access to controlled
substance prescription database, requirement for dispensers, and definitions,
including the following:

12 AAC 52.020, Facility license, is proposed to be changed to alter the
requirements for facility license.
    12 AAC 52.130, Review of applications for registration of pharmacies located
outside of the state, is proposed to be changed to alter the requirements
related to review of applications for registration of pharmacies located outside
of the state.
    12 AAC 52.150, Inspections of pharmacies, is a proposed new section that
establishes requirements for physical inspection of a pharmacy facility, and the
designation of certain facilities as "high risk pharmacies".
    12 AAC 52.310, Reinstatement of an expired pharmacist or pharmacy technician
license, is proposed to be changed to alter the requirements for reinstatement
of an expired pharmacist or pharmacy technician license.
    12 AAC 52.860, Conditions for access to and use of database, is proposed to
be changed to alter the provisions to allow for a designated individual to
access or input the information in the controlled substance prescription
database on behalf of the licensed practitioner or pharmacist.
    12 AAC 52.865, Requirement for dispensers, is proposed to be changed to
alter the controlled substance dispensing requirements.
    12 AAC 52.995, Definitions, is proposed to be changed to further define
terms used in AS 08.80 and 12 AAC 52.

You may comment on the proposed regulation changes, including the potential
costs to private persons of complying with the proposed changes, by submitting
written comments by mail, fax, or e-mail to:

Jun Maiquis, Regulations Specialist
Division of Corporations, Business and Professional Licensing
Department of Commerce, Community, and Economic Development
P.O. Box 110806
Juneau, AK  99811-0806
Fax:  (907) 465-2974
E-mail:  jun.maiquis@alaska.gov

The written comments must be received no later than 4:30 p.m. on August 19,
2013.

If you are a person with a disability who needs a special accommodation in order
to participate in the process for written comments, please contact Jun Maiquis
at (907) 465-2537 no later than August 12, 2013 to ensure that any necessary
accommodations can be provided.

For a copy of the proposed regulation changes, contact Jun Maiquis at the
address or phone number above, or go to
http://commerce.alaska.gov/dnn/portals/5/pub/pha-0613.pdf

After the public comment period ends, the Board of Pharmacy will either adopt
these or other provisions dealing with the same subject, without further notice,
or decide to take no action on them.  The language of the final regulations may
be different from that of the proposed regulations.  You should comment during
the time allowed if your interests could be affected.  Written comments received
are public records and are subject to public inspection.

For Further information please visit: http://aws.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

Browsing the shelves in Amazon's first store;
How meta: A digital chat about the online retailer's ink-and-paper products

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA ALTER and NICK WINGFIELD

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1115 words

ABSTRACT

Two reporters discuss what is and isn't in Amazon's sole brick-and-mortar store
as it plans to expand its physical locations.

FULL TEXT

This past week, Amazon revealed the location for its second brick-and-mortar
bookstore, scheduled to open in a few months in a mall near the University of
California, San Diego.

On Wednesday, Nick Wingfield, who covers Amazon for The New York Times, visited
the only existing Amazon bookstore, in the University Village mall in Seattle.
From inside the store, he had an online chat with Alexandra Alter, who writes
about publishing for The Times. They discussed Amazon's strategy and how the
retailer's stores differ from others.

ALEXANDRA ALTER:  Hi Nick! You're reporting live from the mother ship! What's it
like?

NICK WINGFIELD:  The best part is, I just tested the free Wi-Fi and it's 114
Mbps, easily the fastest I've ever gotten. Thank you, Jeff Bezos!

ALEXANDRA:  Great, so you can just buy stuff from the Amazon website while
you're sitting in the store. Unlike Barnes & Noble, I bet Amazon doesn't mind if
people browse in its store then go buy it online.

NICK:  Exactly. Here's the deal: At first glance, it looks like an ordinary but
nice Barnes & Noble store. It's clean and well-lit and corporate. It doesn't
have the charm of a funky used-bookstore. Once you start poking around the
shelves, you notice the differences.

ALEXANDRA:  How is the selection different? How are the sections organized?

NICK:  They have 5,000 to 6,000 book titles, fewer than what you would find at a
big Barnes & Noble. All of the books are arranged cover out, rather than spine
out, in the belief that it makes browsing more friendly.

ALEXANDRA:  Ha, I see Amazon is going big on adult coloring books - smart move
since those have taken over the best-seller list on the website. Can you check
something out for me? I heard that the store has a shelf of books recommended by
Jeff Bezos. Is his wife MacKenzie's novel there?

NICK:  I'll go look now. You were right! He does recommend his wife's book. He
discloses his conflict of interest. But still ...

ALEXANDRA:  Lucky guess. What else is he recommending?

NICK:  Kazuo Ishiguro's ''The Remains of the Day'' and ''Seveneves'' by the
science-fiction writer Neal Stephenson, who incidentally used to work for
Bezos's space exploration company, Blue Origin.

ALEXANDRA:  A man of diverse literary tastes. Here's another thing I'm curious
about. A lot of people in the publishing industry were worried when they heard
Amazon planned to open bookstores, in part because they assumed Amazon would
heavily promote books published through its own imprints.

Amazon has had trouble getting those books into brick-and-mortar bookstores,
which don't want to sell books by their No. 1 competitor. But I've heard that
the Amazon bookstore doesn't carry many Amazon Publishing titles. Is that how it
looks to you?

NICK:  I just asked a store employee and was told there's no dedicated section
for Amazon-published titles, though some of them are sprinkled around the store.
There is, however, a small table near the front window called ''Books That
Inspired Amazon Originals'' - that is, Amazon-produced TV series and movies.
Philip K. Dick's ''The Man in the High Castle'' is there. That's corporate
synergy at work.

ALEXANDRA:  It's like advertising for their shows, but they can sell the
advertising. Here's my biggest question about the bookstore. Amazon already has
a huge market share of physical book sales through its website - 60 percent, by
some estimates. So why does it need physical stores at all?

NICK:  Amazon, officially, won't tell you much about the motivations for doing
bricks-and-mortar. But what I gather from my reporting is they have a lot of
ideas about how physical retailing can be improved, ideas that come from their
data-centric approach to online retailing. There is also a serendipity to book
shopping offline that's hard to replicate online.

ALEXANDRA:  Some Amazon skeptics have suggested that books are just going to be
window-dressing and what Amazon really wants is a place to showcase its digital
devices. Is there a prominent area for Amazon devices?

NICK:  Electronics, most of them made by Amazon, like Echo and Fire TV, are the
nucleus of the store. They're spread out on tables and stands so you can fiddle
with them just like you can fiddle with iPads at the Apple Store a short hop
from here.

Knowledgeable people tell me that Amazon views its physical stores as an
important way to introduce the public to new, unfamiliar devices. Techies might
be comfortable buying a device like the Echo online - a speaker and virtual
assistant for the home - but a lot of people will want to see it in the flesh
first. That said, I don't think Amazon stores would have saved the Fire Phone,
the Amazon smartphone that belly-flopped. I should also say that books are not
necessarily going to be the focus of all of the stores it opens in the future.
Amazon intends to experiment.

ALEXANDRA:  Interesting. What else do you think it might sell in physical
stores? Clothing? Pets? This is a company that delivers groceries and paper
towels, makes award-winning television shows and wants to send tourists into
space, so the possibilities seem pretty vast.

NICK:  I've heard food is one of the things they're considering.

ALEXANDRA:  One of the biggest questions right now is how many stores Amazon
will open, and how quickly. There have been wild rumors that have sent other
booksellers into a panic.

NICK:  I've heard ''dozens.'' Keep in mind that about 15 years after Apple
opened its first store, it has fewer than 500 of them.

Independent bookstores are actually thriving right now, in part because sales of
print books have stabilized and e-book sales are down. Publishing experts say
physical stores are still the No. 1 way to drive discovery of books. And as you
said, people still like browsing for books in stores. They like the serendipity
of it. But if Amazon gains ground in brick-and-mortar retail, independents will
lose their biggest advantage. Are people in there browsing right now?

NICK:  It's lunchtime on a weekday and there is no food for sale in the store,
so there are not many people. The biggest question I have is, are malls the best
place for these stores? It feels like a busy urban shopping area with lots of
foot traffic might work better.

ALEXANDRA:  Nick, sorry to send you on another scavenger hunt, but can you check
to see if Brad Stone's ''The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of
Amazon'' is on the shelves? MacKenzie Bezos didn't like the book; she blasted it
in a one-star review on Amazon.

NICK:  I just found it. They put it out of sight on a bottom shelf, but it's
there.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 25, 2005 Thursday

Alter team deeper, dedicated

BYLINE: Dave Lamb

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-14

LENGTH: 531 words


Tina Jasinowski

already knows her current crop of Alter High School volleyball players are among
the most dedicated she has coached.

Time will tell, but she suspects the Knights may also be the deepest squad she's
had in a decade.

If Jasinowski can utilize more of her bench to keep her hardworking team fresh,
Alter can maintain its status as one of the state's top Division II programs.

Jasinowski will get her initial answer when Alter opens the season at Eaton on
Saturday. But she's had plenty of time to witness some of the team's attributes
during a jam-packed summer in the gym.

In June, Alter's players spent four days a week at strength training and open
gyms. Seven of the players also competed in Junior Olympic volleyball.

In July, the Knights attended team camp at Butler University, played in a
tournament at Vandalia Butler High School, conducted a youth camp and hosted
their own tournament.

The reserve team played in a three-day tournament in Toledo.

The youth camp drew 280 kids at six sessions held over a two-week period. The
high school players started each day with conditioning at 7 a.m., then
voluntarily worked at the camp.

Most of the Knights helped out at individual sessions, but three of the players
worked at all three sessions from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

"I don't require them to work our camp," Jasinowski said. "It says a lot about
their dedication to Alter volleyball. It comes with no guarantee that they'll be
on the team."

Jasinowski knew her team needed a break before the season started, so the
Knights took off the first week of August.

Alter graduated four seniors, including three-year starter Mandy Robbe. The
Knights return eight players from last year's 16-9 team that reached the
district final.

Three juniors - Kacie Hausfeld, Emily Borchers and Katie Laravie - were
teammates this summer on the Dayton Juniors 16s that reached the nationals.

"They're all third-year varsity players and they were on the team that won our
last state title," Jasinowski said.

Fellow junior Moira Cummins also played at nationals with the Dayton Juniors
17s.

"We've got a lot of good young talent stepping up," Jasinowski said. "This could
be one of the deepest Alter teams we've had.

In recent years, the Knights have typically gone about seven players deep and
sometimes ran out of gas.

"I seen a lot of versatility and I think we can use more players," the coach
said. "I sure hope we can. We'll soon find out."

Oakwood, Fairmont baseball stars shine

Next spring's high school baseball season can't come soon enough for Oakwood
High School's Matt Basco and Kettering Fairmont High School's

Zach Yike.

They were among the area's top incoming seniors who were on display at the Bob
Ross Classic at Fifth Third Field on Aug. 6.

Basco was an infielder on the Blue squad that posted an 8-5 win. Yike was an
outfielder on the Red squad.

The sixth annual showcase was again an opportunity for college coaches and
professional scouts to watch the best of what the Dayton area has to offer, all
in one place.

Springfield Northwestern High School's Matt Spradlin earned MVP honors after
drilling the decisive three-run double in the seventh inning.

Contact Dave Lamb at 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 11, 2005 Sunday
                                  Lake Edition

BYLINE: Norrine Twohey, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Movers and shakers; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 295 words


Lauren Buchel joined Libertyville-based Century 21 Kreuser and Seiler as agent
development manager, responsible for overseeing the recruiting and training of
new agents as well as assisting all agents in maximizing their effectiveness.
Previously, Buchel, who has been in the real estate industry since 1985, served
as regional services director for the Chicago area, Northwest Indiana and
Central Illinois region of Century 21 Corporate.

Allan A. Mayer of Buffalo Grove joined Alter Asset Management as building
engineer. Mayer, who has 10 years of appliance and customer service experience,
will maintain facilities for The Northern Trust Co. that are managed by Alter
Asset Management. He will also provide back-up maintenance services at The Alter
Group's Skokie headquarters building.

Lake Forest resident David Spadafora was appointed president and librarian of
the Newberry Library, Chicago, a world-renowned independent research library,
effective Oct. 1. Spadafora is an accomplished historian and former Newberry
Fellow.

Kevin M. Murphy of Glencoe was promoted to a managing director from an associate
managing director in the Winnetka office of The PrivateBank and Trust Co.
Murphy, who has more than 15 years of banking industry experience, also serves
on the board of directors of The Benton House Community Settlement.

Waukegan-based Consumers Cooperative Credit Union promoted Kay Thomas from
member services representative in the Round Lake Beach office to Contact Centre
manager; and Patricia Sanchez to deposit specialist from member service manager
in the Waukegan office. Additionally, Sandra DeJesus was hired as branch manager
in the Waukegan office. DeJesus served with the credit union from 2002 to 2004
as branch manager of the Round Lake Beach branch.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lauren Buchel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

OVER THE TOP;
Centerville girls rally to relay record as rival anchor hits wall.;
TRACK AND FIELD STATE CHAMPIONSHIPS

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 534 words


Coty Cobb of Madison set a Division II state record of 16 feet 6 1 inches in
winning the pole vault Friday. Cobb almost was eliminated with two misses before
he cleared his first height of 14-4.

Alter's 4 x 800-meter relay runners embrace after winning at the Division II
state meet. Their 9.22.88 was 10 seconds ahead of runner-up Lexington.

COLUMBUS - Lainey Studebaker of Centerville once again proved a race isn't over
until the last staggering step across the finish line.

A junior anchor of the Elks' formidable 4x800-meter relay, Studebaker was stuck
in second about 50 meters behind with only the final home straight remaining
during Friday's opening day of the Division I high school state track and field
meet at Ohio State University's Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium.

Incredibly, that's when leader Brittany Aveni of Geneva began to unravel. The
rest is Centerville record-setting history.

"It's so overwhelming," gushed Studebaker, who jettisoned past a staggering
Aveni in the final strides to win and set an all-time, all-divisions meet record
of 9:00.82. "It was such an emotional race. I thought that I had it, then I
didn't think that I had it, then I thought I had it."

That was one of a half-dozen state titles won by Dayton area participants
Friday, including the Alter girls in the D-II 4x800 relay. The meet concludes
with today's running finals and remaining field events.

Aveni all but locked up and crashed in the final 50 meters. Had she not gone out
in a 58-second opening lap, Geneva would have celebrated a record-setting win.

"The first lap she got out really, really hard," Studebaker said, blinking away
tears of joy. "I knew that wasn't the pace I wanted to be at. ... I saw she was
staggering. I thought, it's not over yet. I gave it all I could."

Teammates Alexa Jennings, Kelsey Kohls and Melissa Rintoul clutched Studebaker
in celebratory disbelief afterward.

Alter's Abby Nichols unloaded a punishing anchor leg and ran away with the
Knights' latest 4x800 relay D-II state win (9:22.88). The defending champ, Alter
has won or placed second in the eight-lap race every year but one since 2007.

Alter set the state D-II relay record in 2011. Members of that unit made a video
this week to encourage the current team of Perri Bockrath, Kyly Borton, Kristen
Petrosky and Nichols.

"It's been a tradition at Alter, this race," said Nichols, who'll double in the
1,600 and 800 today. "I'm really into it and we have lots of things I try to
uphold and keep going."

That was the only running final in all three divisions Friday. Area field event
winners were Taylor Middleton of Miami Valley (D-III long jump), Madison's Coty
Cobb (D-II pole vault), Anna's Logan Konst (D-III pole vault) and Twin Valley
South's Aaron Deaton (D-III shot put).

Defending D-II boys state champ Dunbar moved everyone along to the finals today,
but wobbled to a disappointing fifth in the 4x800. It didn't help that anchor
Brian Bell has a bad sinus infection.

Meadowdale's girls also are in good position to defend their D-II state title
after posting the top qualifying time in two relays. Anna leads the boys D-III
team chase with 16 points.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.

Pendleton@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 13, 2011 Thursday

SPORTS DIGEST

SECTION: TROY TIPP CITY AND PIQUA; Pg. RA4

LENGTH: 425 words


Gems' Kids Day on MLK Day

DAYTON - Kids Day with the Gems will be held Monday, Jan. 17. Kids 12 and under
will be admitted to the Gems 3 p.m. game at Hara Arena for free with a paid
adult.

The $5 parking fee for the event will be waived, which means an adult and one
child can watch a professional hockey game for just $12.

All government employees will be able to purchase two tickets for the price of
one by showing their employee ID at the box office.

Events for kids will begin when the gates open at 2 p.m. Headlining the
children's entertainment will be Lucky the Clown, who will make balloon animals.

Kids will be able to have their faces painted and create their own posters to
display during the game. A cornhole set will be set up for kids and they will be
able to take shots at a real hockey goal.

All of the events will be free for children and will take place in Court 1 of
Hara Arena, which is right next to the main concourse in the arena.

After the game, fans will be able to meet with some of the Gems players at
Buffalo Wild Wings in Englewood.

Alter to honor 2001 state champs

KETTERING - This season commemorates the 10th anniversary of Alter High School's
2001 boys state championship basketball team, and the squad will be honored
Friday night.

The Knights won seven straight tournament games. In the state semifinals, Alter
defeated Columbus East 53-35, then proceeded to win the state championship,
62-48 over Warrensville Heights.

Senior center Adam Waleskowski, a former Florida State player now playing
professionally overseas, was the tournament's "Most Outstanding Player."

Alter will recognize the team at halftime of its varsity game vs. Fenwick at
7:30 p.m. Friday.

Baseball prospect camp at Earlham

RICHMOND, Ind. - The Earlham College Winter Baseball Prospect Camp will be held
Sunday, Jan. 30, noon to 3 p.m.

Cost is $55. For more information contact EC coach Steve Sakosits at (765)
983-1730 or sakosst@earlham.edu

Baseball 'warmup' indoor tourney

DAYTON - Action Sports Center will hold a 10U Mini Indoor Warmup 4-team
tournament in March. The tourney starts Friday, March 18, from 6-10 p.m. and
ends Friday, March 25, from 6-10 p.m.

Registration deadline is March 12.

For more information go to usactionsports.com/events or call (937) 224-7529.

Baseball skills camp at Action

Baseball skills clinics with Wright State coaches and players will be held at
Action Sports. Cost is $50 per single session or $150 for three. Dates include:
Jan. 17: (8-12 year olds); Jan. 24, 31, Feb. 7 (13 and older).

For more information, call (937) 224-7529.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

Patriot swimmers sink conference competition;
After successful Hawaii trip, Carroll sweeps boys and girls crowns.

BYLINE: By Mickey Zezzo Contributing Writer

SECTION: BEAVERCREEK, FAIRBORN & XENIA; Pg. RF6

LENGTH: 416 words


RIVERSIDE - Michele Devitt and her Carroll High School swimmers spent the
Christmas holidays in Hawaii, challenging the ocean waters.

Those dreamy days under the sun on the balmy beaches of Oahu must have provided
a shot of good old-fashioned American adrenaline for both the boys and girls
teams.

They acted more like daring surfers in the recent conference meet at Keating
Natatorium as the Patriot swimmers swept the Girls' Greater Cincinnati League
Grey North and the Greater Catholic League North (boys) championships.

Devitt, who grew up in Hawaii and has a phone recording that says simply
"Aloha," was instrumental in organizing the trip and was only too happy showing
her swimmers around the islands.

In her seventh season as Patriot boys and girls swim coach, Devitt believes it's
the first time Carroll swept conference swim crowns (girls and boys). "It was a
great trip (Hawaii) and a wonderful experience for the teams," said Devitt. "We
even competed in a couple meets over there ... didn't win them but we did well."

The Patriot swimmers did exceptionally well in the league, taking nine firsts
(including two relays) and doing well in virtually every event. Carroll's boys
piled up 417 points to runnerup Chaminade Julienne's 277, and the girls topped a
favored Alter team, registering 370 points to Alter's 301.

Senior Erich Snyder of Huber Heights and sophomore Drew Sullenbarger of
Kettering were double winners on the boys side, Snyder taking the 200-yard
freestyle in 1 minute, 51.46 seconds and the 500 free in 4:59.63, and
Sullenbarger clocking a winning 59.51 in the 100 backstroke and the open 200 IM
in 2:11.

Beavercreek sophomore Cameron Potts was first in the 100 breaststroke in 1:
10.47. The boys' 400 free relay unit of junior Matt Ward (Beavercreek), Ryan
Blanford (Beavercreek), Cory Burnett (Xenia) and Erich Snyder finished first in
the 400 free relay with a time of 3:33.93.

Snyder also swims for the Dayton Raiders Swim Club, a powerhouse United States
Swimming club team.

Swimming the girls' winning 200 free relay were junior Madelin Devitt of
Beavercreek, the coach's daughter; senior Tiffany Horvath of Huber Heights;
Taylor Massie of Enon; and junior Morgan Gross of Beavercreek. They clocked
1:46.49.

"Every member of our two squads (35) scored and almost all their times were PRs
(personal records)," said Devitt. "I had my biggest candidate turnout of 52 when
we began this season. Now, we are looking forward to the postseason, and
hopefully state challenges."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Carroll High School swim team swept conference crowns for both
girls and boys divisions at Cincinnati St. Xavier's Keating Natatorium. The
Patriots took nine firsts, including two relays. Carroll's boys piled up 417
points to runner-up Chaminade Julienne's 277, and the girls topped a favored
Alter team, registering 370 points to Alter's 301. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 20, 2007 Sunday

Kettering theater to get new act

BYLINE: By Terry Morris Staff Writer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D20

LENGTH: 560 words


There's been a void in summer theater since the demise of Kettering's Theatre
Under the Stars several years ago.

Renee Franck Reed, who's playing Golde in the Dayton Playhouse production of
Fiddler on the Roof, remembers performing the same role 20 years ago for TUTS.

"There were 3,000 people on the lawn and on the roof of Fairmont High School on
opening night and it was like that for all 10 nights," she said.

Perhaps a new initiative near the same location will recapture a slice of the
magic.

Alter High School Castle Players, with sponsorship from the Community Foundation
for Kettering, is launching the Alter-Kettering Summer Theatre. Starting with
the musical The Wiz Aug. 3-5 in the Fairmont High School Performing Arts Center,
it will put on shows with students and adults who have ties to Alter or the City
of Kettering.

The group is the brainchild of Alter theater director Bryan Wallingford, who
will stage the opener. The production staff also includes music director
Christina Smith of Stebbins High School, University of Dayton student Lauren
Cushman as choreographer; Cris Sidell as tech director and Susan Wallingford as
costume manager.

"Our hope is to start something that will continue and grow, but we're taking it
one year at a time. This year there will be just one show," he said. "We're
hoping for a large cast. We think this show works best with a multicultural and
multigenerational cast."

Auditions for The Wiz will be June 24 from 2 to 4 p.m. for students in fourth
through eighth grades and June 24 and 25 from 6 to 9 p.m. for adults and
students in grades nine through 12. Musicians, designers and technicians are
also needed.

More information is available at www.alterthespians.com.

Bit parts

Wright State University

Theatre faculty member Mary Donahoe will be one of three firsttime adjudicators
for the Dayton Playhouse's 2007 Futurefest July 27 to 29 at Sinclair Community
College. Andrea Dymond, literary manager and resident director of Victory
Gardens Theatre in Chicago, and playwright Milan Stitt of New York will join two
returnees - critic David Finkle and playwright-publisher Eleanore C. Speert,
both of New York.

The family foundation established by late Dayton lawyer Jack W. Eichelberger and
his wife, Sally, is the new sponsor of The Human Race Theatre's Loft Series.
Starting this fall, the series will be called the Eichelberger Loft Series.
ThinkTV will be the 2007-08 media sponsor.

Leigh Allan's first play, Traffic Jam, given two staged readings last weekend at
the DaytonTheatre Guild, provided a steady stream of chuckles during two acts
set in "Helven." That's where practically everyone ends up once Heaven and Hell
complete a merger.

Lisa Loen, a graduating senior in theater design/ technology at Wright State
University, is moving on to pursue an advanced degree at Yale University. She
designed the costumes for WSU's recent production of The Threepenny Opera. Word
is that some of the other top MFA programs in the country also wanted her.

The Actor's Theatre production of A.R. Gurney's The Perfect Party will continue
at 2 p.m. today and 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday at 23 E. Main St., Fairborn.
Tickets are $8 today and $12 Friday and Saturday. Call (937) 878-3353.

Footlights illuminates area theater news. Send information two weeks before
anticipated publication by e-mail to tmorris@daytondailynews. com.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                                  Alter Impact

                               2082 SE Bristol St
                                     Ste 1
                            Newport Beach,  CA 92660
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 714-594-9243
URL: http://www.alterimpact.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 2975998

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  No
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Alter Impact is a supplier focussed on Business Cards, Business Services,
Graphic Design Services, Packaging, and 4 other Product & Service categories
tracked by NetWise Data. Alter Impact does business in the Automotive,
Communications, and Computers Industries, as well as 14 other major
Manufacturing Industries. Alter Impact has at least 2 business locations. The
company describes itself via it's website thusly: "Website Design services
provided by Alter Impact. Over 14 years in the website design industry, we bring
positive website design services to your business."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Other Miscellaneous Durable Goods Merchant Wholesalers

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
54143000
SIC CODES:
73360000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Business Cards


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Business Services
     ·    Graphic Design Services
     ·    Packaging


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Automotive
     ·    Communications
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Packaging
     ·    Safety
     ·    Software
     ·    Textiles & Apparel


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Organic


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Albums, Apparel, Backgrounds, Banners, Bevels, Booms, Briefs,
Brochures, Bulletin Boards, Business Cards, Business Services, Calculators,
Calendars, Coupons, Credit Cards, Cutlery, Direct Mail, Elements, Feeds, Flags,
Flats, Furniture, Graphic Design Services, Hats, Headers, Invitations, Lighting,
Mechanisms, Organic, Overalls, Packaging, Pictures, Platforms, Posts, Profiles,
Promotional, Registers, Scopes, Solutions, Tables, Tablets, Tags, Targets,
Uniforms, Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 25, 2011 Monday
                                   C1 Edition

Michael J. Alter

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 695 words


Q: What's new at your company?

A: "We've recently completed several significant leases at our business parks
and buildings nationally. These include Dearborn Plaza in downtown Chicago's
River North neighborhood; Loudoun Gateway Corporate Center in the Washington,
D.C. area; Concourse at Quadrangle in Orlando, Fla., and Riverwalk Arizona in
Scottsdale, Ariz. Additionally, we broke ground on two new medical office
buildings one in suburban Philadelphia and another in the Tampa area.
Additionally, our Entrust Realty Advisors financial services affiliate has been
successful disposing of real estate assets for The Alter Group, Alter+Care and
third-party owners. This year's dispositions include an 83,600-square-foot
industrial building in Carol Stream, Ill., and 70,000-square-foot medical office
building and ambulatory-surgery space in Ohio and Texas."

Q: Do you plan to hire any additional staff or make any significant capital
investments in your company in the next year?

A: "No, not at this time."

Q: What will your company's main challenges be in the next year?

A: "We will continue to look for demand at a time when leasing is depressed.
Economists are trending down employment figures and predicting that just 2.2
million jobs will be created in the next 12 months which will be a drag on the
real estate sector. However, a good sign is that properties with net-lease
tenants are still trading at historic highs. So, real estate is still a favored
asset class to the investment community."

Q: What's the hottest trend in your industry?

A: "Thanks to the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,
there is strong demand for new health care development. Estimates are that 60
million square feet of new medical office building and ambulatory-care
facilities will need to be constructed as the reform law goes into full effect."

Q: If you had one tip to give to a rookie CEO, what would it be?

A: "Stay liquid. Never overextend yourself. Reduce your debt service as much as
possible. In our industry, $1.2 trillion of debt will need refinancing in the
next three years, and $450 billion will be needed to bail out the troubled
slices of these loans. So I think CEOs need to ensure they

have plenty of cash available."

Q: Do you have a business mantra?

A: "Always deal from a position of strength."

Q: From a business outlook, who do you look up to?

A: "I'm constantly learning from many of my peers, as well as leaders in other
industries, in and out of business."

Q: What is one interesting fact about you or your company that most people may
not know?

A: "My late father Bill Alter started out as a residential developer during the
building boom following World War II. In the 1950s, he saw the inequities in the
housing sector for minorities and built one of the nation's first communities
for middle-income minorities, Kingston Green in Markham, Ill.

My Dad hired Olympian Jesse Owens as his spokesman and hired a largely African
American staff at a time when the Civil Rights movement was in its nascent
stage. Because of his gamble, my dad helped bring homeownership to hundreds of
families who were excluded from the American dream."

Q: What do you like to do in your free time?

A: "I don't seem to have any problem filling up my time. I'm very involved with
the Chicago Sky, the WNBA team I brought to Chicago in 2005. I also continue to
devote a lot of time to growing City Year, which unites young people of all
backgrounds for a year of full-time service, giving them the skills and
opportunities to change the world."

Q: What book is on your nightstand?

A: "I just finished 'Start Up Nation,' a great story of the entrepreneurial
business culture in Israel, and I'm just beginning 'The Guys Have All the Fun:
Inside the World of ESPN.'"

Q: What keeps you up at night?

A: "The long-term prospects for economic growth and jobs in this country and the
toxic political atmosphere that inhibits our leaders' ability to rationally
address our entitlement and debt challenges."

Q: What was your first paying job?

A: "I was a practicing attorney with Mayer Brown & Platt and clerk to William J.
Bauer, former Chief Judge of the Seventh Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Scientific endeavors earn Governor's Award for Alter;
High school's science teachers received the recognition for Excellence in Youth
Science Opportunities.

BYLINE: By Katherine Ullmer Staff Writer

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-3

LENGTH: 554 words


KETTERING - For the second year in a row, Alter High School has come away with
the Governor's Award for Excellence in Youth Science Opportunities.

The award is given by The Ohio Academy of Science, in partnership with the
governor's office and the Ohio Department of Education, to recognize schools and
teachers who stimulate student scientific research.

A number of area schools were among the 83 Ohio schools that received the award
in September, but most were middle or elementary schools, said Kirsten
MacDougal, director of marketing and communications for Alter.

To qualify for the award, schools had to hold a local science fair with 20 or
more students, with students going to one of the academy's 16 district science
days. Students also had to be involved in other off-campus activities, museum
visits, field trips, etc.

Alter attributes its win to a strong science faculty and self-disciplined
students, Mac-Dougal said. "We have a very strong off-site collaboration with
Wright State University. Bonnie Walter, our science chair, heads up the program,
but it's amazing that every one of our science teachers, whether its biology or
chemistry or physics, is involved."

Alter science teachers Jennifer Butler, Jacalyn Schmidt (since retired),
Michelle Popp, Barbara Groene, John Gates and Bonnie Walter were among 222
teachers who received Governor's Award certificates for the 2006-07 school year.

Butler, who teaches biology and ecology, helps organize the annual Science
Olympiad and science fair. She is assisted by Groene, who teaches chemistry,
Popp, who teaches physics, and Gates, who teaches physical science, biology and
chemistry.

Popp also organizes an annual field trip to Florida so students can swim with
the manatees. Walter, who teaches anatomy, arranges for the cadaver classes
students attend at the Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University,
along with its six-week mini medical college evening lectures.

Butler said she and Popp organized a science camp for third- through
sixth-graders at Alter last summer. Her ecology students visit Montgomery
County's wastewater treatment plant and last year placed first in Rumpke Waste
Removal & Recycling's school trash recycling contest, she said.

"The faculty in our science department are innovative. They are creative. They
will stop at nothing to find new and different ways to present science," said
Nicole Brainard, Alter principal. "They are very good at hands-on activities
that peak the kids' interest."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2341 or kullmer@DaytonDailyNews.com Area
Governor's Awards winners

Beavercreek: Ferguson Middle School - Georgie Rosier

Bellbrook: Bellbrook Middle School - Cathy St. Pierre

Centerville: Incarnation School - Linda Bruns

Centerville: Tower Heights Middle School - Beckie Hulings

Dayton: Carroll High School - Kathy Keller, Suz Levy, Lauarie Fuhr and Razia
Abdulla

Dayton: Chaminade-Julienne High School - Christine Tetzlaff and Shannon Speelman
Dayton: Dominion Academy of Dayton - Michael Ferdelman, Mark Lecklider, Sandy
McNamara, Pam Laughlin and Patty Stipich

Sidney: Lehman Catholic High School - Cyndi Shepard, Ginny Scherer and Tracy
Hall

Springfield: Catholic Central Junior High and High School - Veronica Phillips

Tipp City: Tippecanoe Middle School - Curt Earl, Len Kenyon, Meredith Connor and
Mark Mays

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Popp teaches a chemistry class at Alter High School. The
science department at the school won the Governor's Award for Excellence in
Science. Popp is one of five science teachers at the school. Staff photos by Ron
Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Scientific endeavors earn Governor's Award for Alter;
High school's science teachers received the recognition for Excellence in Youth
Science Opportunities.

BYLINE: By Katherine Ullmer Staff Writer

SECTION: WARREN COUNTY; Pg. Z3-5

LENGTH: 554 words


KETTERING - For the second year in a row, Alter High School has come away with
the Governor's Award for Excellence in Youth Science Opportunities.

The award is given by The Ohio Academy of Science, in partnership with the
governor's office and the Ohio Department of Education, to recognize schools and
teachers who stimulate student scientific research.

A number of area schools were among the 83 Ohio schools that received the award
in September, but most were middle or elementary schools, said Kirsten
Mac-Dougal, director of marketing and communications for Alter.

To qualify for the award, schools had to hold a local science fair with 20 or
more students, with students going to one of the academy's 16 district science
days. Students also had to be involved in other off-campus activities, museum
visits, field trips, etc.

Alter attributes its win to a strong science faculty and self-disciplined
students, MacDougal said. "We have a very strong off-site collaboration with
Wright State University. Bonnie Walter, our science chair, heads up the program,
but it's amazing that every one of our science teachers, whether its biology or
chemistry or physics, is involved."

Alter science teachers Jennifer Butler, Jacalyn Schmidt (since retired),
Michelle Popp, Barbara Groene, John Gates and Bonnie Walter were among 222
teachers who received Governor's Award certificates for the 2006-07 school year.

Butler, who teaches biology and ecology, helps organize the annual Science
Olympiad and science fair. She is assisted by Groene, who teaches chemistry,
Popp, who teaches physics, and Gates, who teaches physical science, biology and
chemistry.

Popp also organizes an annual field trip to Florida so students can swim with
the manatees. Walter, who teaches anatomy, arranges for the cadaver classes
students attend at the Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University
along with its six-week mini medical college evening lectures.

Butler said she and Popp organized a science camp for third- through
sixth-graders at Alter last summer. Her ecology students visit Montgomery
County's wastewater treatment plant and last year placed first in Rumpke Waste
Removal & Recycling's school trash recycling contest, she said.

"The faculty in our science department are innovative. They are creative. They
will stop at nothing to find new and different ways to present science," said
Nicole Brainard, Alter principal.

"They are very good at hands-on activities that peak the kids' interest."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2341 or kullmer@DaytonDailyNews .com. Area
Governor's Awards winners

Beavercreek: Ferguson Middle School - Georgie Rosier

Bellbrook: Bellbrook Middle School - Cathy St. Pierre

Centerville: Incarnation School - Linda Bruns

Centerville: Tower Heights Middle School - Beckie Hulings

Dayton: Carroll High School - Kathy Keller, Suz Levy, Lauarie Fuhr and Razia
Abdulla

Dayton: Chaminade-Julienne High School - Christine Tetzlaff and Shannon Speelman
Dayton: Dominion Academy of Dayton - Michael Ferdelman, Mark Lecklider, Sandy
McNamara, Pam Laughlin and Patty Stipich

Sidney: Lehman Catholic High School - Cyndi Shepard, Ginny Scherer and Tracy
Hall

Springfield: Catholic Central Junior High and High School - Veronica Phillips

Tipp City: Tippecanoe Middle School - Curt Earl, Len Kenyon, Meredith Connor and
Mark Mays

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Popp teaches a chemistry class at Alter High School. The
science department at the school won the Governor's Award for Excellence in
Science. Popp is one of five science teachers at the school. Staff photos by Ron
Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Scientific endeavors earn Governor's Award for Alter

BYLINE: By Katherine Ullmer Staff Writer

SECTION: NORTHEAST; Pg. Z5-5

LENGTH: 554 words


KETTERING - For the second year in a row, Alter High School has come away with
the Governor's Award for Excellence in Youth Science Opportunities.

The award is given by The Ohio Academy of Science, in partnership with the
governor's office and the Ohio Department of Education, to recognize schools and
teachers who stimulate student scientific research.

A number of area schools were among the 83 Ohio schools that received the award
in September, but most were middle or elementary schools, said Kirsten
Mac-Dougal, director of marketing and communications for Alter.

To qualify for the award, schools had to hold a local science fair with 20 or
more students, with students going to one of the academy's 16 district science
days. Students also had to be involved in other off-campus activities, museum
visits, field trips, etc.

Alter attributes its win to a strong science faculty and self-disciplined
students, MacDougal said. "We have a very strong off-site collaboration with
Wright State University. Bonnie Walter, our science chair heads up the program,
but it's amazing that every one of our science teachers, whether its biology or
chemistry or physics, is involved."

Alter science teachers Jennifer Butler, Jacalyn Schmidt (since retired),
Michelle Popp, Barbara Groene, John Gates and Bonnie Walter were among 222
teachers who received Governor's Award certificates for the 2006-07 school year.

Butler, who teaches biology and ecology, helps organize the annual Science
Olympiad and science fair. She is assisted by Groene, who teaches chemistry,
Popp, who teaches physics, and Gates, who teaches physical science, biology and
chemistry.

Popp also organizes an annual field trip to Florida so students can swim with
the manatees.

Walter, who teaches anatomy, arranges for the cadaver classes students attend at
the Boonshoft School of Medicine at Wright State University along with its
six-week mini medical college evening lectures.

Butler said she and Popp organized a science camp for third- through
sixth-graders at Alter last summer. Her ecology students visit Montgomery
County's wastewater treatment plant and last year placed first in Rumpke Waste
Removal & Recycling's school trash recycling contest, she said.

"The faculty in our science department are innovative. They are creative. They
will stop at nothing to find new and different ways to present science," said
Nicole Brainard, Alter principal. "They are very good at hands-on activities
that peak the kids' interest."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2341 or kullmer@DaytonDailyNews .com. Area
Governor's Awards winners

Beavercreek: Ferguson Middle School - Georgie Rosier

Bellbrook: Bellbrook Middle School - Cathy St. Pierre

Centerville: Incarnation School - Linda Bruns

Centerville: Tower Heights Middle School - Beckie Hulings

Dayton: Carroll High School - Kathy Keller, Suz Levy, Lauarie Fuhr and Razia
Abdulla

Dayton: Chaminade-Julienne High School - Christine Tetzlaff and Shannon Speelman
Dayton: Dominion Academy of Dayton - Michael Ferdelman, Mark Lecklider, Sandy
McNamara, Pam Laughlin and Patty Stipich

Sidney: Lehman Catholic High School - Cyndi Shepard, Ginny Scherer and Tracy
Hall

Springfield: Catholic Central Junior High and High School - Veronica Phillips

Tipp City: Tippecanoe Middle School - Curt Earl, Len Kenyon, Meredith Connor and
Mark Mays

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Popp teaches a chemistry class at Alter High School. The
science department at the school won the Governor's Award for Excellence in
Science. Popp is one of five science teachers at the school. Staff photos by Ron
Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 6, 2017

                              The Alter Group Ltd.

                                5500 W Howard St
                               Skokie,  IL 60077
                                 United States


MSA: 16980 - Chicago-Naperville-Joliet, IL-IN-WI

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (847) 676-4300
FAX: (847) 676-4305
URL: www.altergroup.com
E-MAIL: info@altergroup.com

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/AlterGroup
GOOGLE+: plus.google.com/101801162573751489019
LINKEDIN: www.linkedin.com/company/the-alter-group
TWITTER: www.twitter.com/thealtergroup

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 361590

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1955
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Illinois
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Private
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  120

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Tom Silva, VP-Mktg  Executive           Vice President      EMAIL:
                                        Marketing           tsilva@altergroup.c
                                                            om
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/in
                                                            /tomvsilva
Kurt W. Rosene, Sr  Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
VP-Leasing                              President           krosene@altergroup.
                                        Leasing             com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/in
                                                            /kurtrosene
Matt Ward, Sr VP    Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
                                        President           mward@altergroup.co
                                                            m
Todd M. Yates, Sr   Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
VP-Leasing                              President           tyates@altergroup.c
                                        Leasing             om
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/todd-yates/1a/8a2
                                                            /b46
William A. Alter,   Executive           Chairman            EMAIL:
Chm & CEO                               Chief Executive     WAlter@altergroup.c
                                        Officer             om
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/bill-alter/
                                                            7/401/121
Richard Gatto, Exec Executive           Executive Vice      EMAIL:
VP                                      President           rgatto@altergroup.c
                                                            om
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/richard-gatto/19/
                                                            722/5b6
Jeffrey A. Ludwig,  Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
Sr VP-Leasing                           President           jludwig@altergroup.
                                        Leasing             com
Randolph F. Thomas, Executive           Executive Vice      EMAIL:
Exec VP                                 President           rthomas@altergroup.
                                                            com
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/randolph-thomas/4
                                                            0/905/65a
Ronald F. Siegel,   Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
CFO & Sr VP                             President           rsiegel@altergroup.
                                        Chief Financial     com
                                        Officer             LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/in
                                                            /ronaldsiegel

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
The Alter Group, Ltd. is based in Skokie, IL. It is a provider of investment
management services. The company offers strategic and financial planning,
brokerage, operations management, and financial reporting services. It serves
business offices, retail outlets, and medical offices.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Provider of Land Development Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
237210 - Land Subdivision
SECONDARY NAICS:
531210 - Offices of Real Estate Agents and Brokers
PRIMARY SIC:
6552 - Land Subdividers & Developers, Except Cemeteries
SECONDARY SIC:
6531 - Real Estate Agents & Managers
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Hamilton Partners, Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR END: 12/31

SALES:  USD 10,000,000 - USD 24,999,999

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                April 13, 1996, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

CONSUMERS FUME AS COST OF HARDCOVER BOOKS RISE

BYLINE: Jeff Guinn 1996, Fort Worth Star-Telegram

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 553 words


IN THE LAST five years, the price of the average hardcover book has rocketed
from $ 17.95 to almost $ 24, and consumers are none too happy about it.

Publishers and bookstore managers say don't blame them. The extra cost goes to
unavoidable production and sales costs.

The biggest culprit, they say, is newsprint.

"Newsprint costs have risen as much as 200 percent in the last five years," says
Len Oszustowicz, CEO of The Summit Publishing Group in Arlington, Texas. "You
have to pass that cost increase along."

When everything is taken into account, profits from book sales can be just a
matter of pennies, those in the business say.

When someone buys a book that costs $ 20, the author might clear $ 1.20 and the
publisher would see $ 1.80 in profit from the sale - maybe. As for the
bookstore, it might end up with an extra 20 or 30 cents.

"That's the ideal, but in reality our profit is often as little as 30 cents a
book," says Judy Alter, director of TCU Press in Fort Worth, Texas.

Publishing companies set, but don't receive, "suggested" retail prices for their
books, Alter says. TCU Press typically sells a $ 20 book to bookstores for $ 12.

"You factor in distribution fees like shipping, which we pay, and that's $ 3 of
the $ 12," Alter says. "Our authors are paid a flat 10 percent royalty fee, so
they get $ 1.20 for the $ 20 book we've sold. This leaves $ 7.80."

But then come costs for staff artists and graphic designers, editing fees,
newsprint and printing. Alter estimates that these costs factored together would
average $ 6 for the typical book with a $ 20 price tag.

"That now lowers our income from each $ 20 book sold to $ 1.80," Alter explains.
There's still the cost of copies for book reviewers and talk show hosts, plus
other promotional expenses.

"That's why I estimate we might make 30 cents on that $ 20 book," she says. And
that's if the publisher sells all but 200 promotional copies of a 2,000-run
book, which it often doesn't.

On the other end of the sales spectrum, bookstores struggle to break even on
books, even after they have paid only 50 to 60 percent of their suggested retail
prices.

"Bookstores, which are competing against each other to attract readers who want
bargain prices, may offer them at 20, 30 or even 40 percent off suggested
retail" for blockbuster titles, says Rob Harvey, general manager of Borders
Books & Music in Fort Worth. "That can almost eliminate a per-book profit right
there."

Stores must use their profit margins to pay employee salaries, rent, utilities
and some advertising costs, Harvey says. And although it's true bookstores can
return unsold books to publishers for credit against future purchases, he notes,
"We would have to pay those shipping costs.

"Marlon Brando's autobiography, for instance - we ordered 300 copies and sold
three."

If business is brisk and returns minimal, Harvey says, every sale of a $ 20 book
"puts 20 cents or 30 cents on the store's bottom line."

Oszustowicz concludes that he can sympathize with readers who are frustrated by
the higher costs of feeding their habits. But he doesn't want them thinking it
results from corporate greed on the part of bookstores or book publishers.

"I think the public has a grossly exaggerated perception of the money we make,"
he says.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Color Graphic Sketch of a man holding up two books

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

TSO Welcomes Long-Distance/Nationwide Customers With System That Could Make
Walk-in Banking Passe

                             August 4, 1986, Monday

By A. JOSEPH NEWMAN JR.

DATELINE:  HORSHAM, Pa.


The way Dennis Alter looks at it, there is really no reason for people to ever
have to go into a bank, except to visit their safe deposit boxes.

''Why go into a bank?'' asks the 43-year-old, one-time schoolteacher, who
graduated to become chairman of the board and chief executive officer of the
$650 million-asset TSO Financial Corp., headquartered in this Philadelphia
suburb.

Most customers of the $580 million-asset Colonial National Bank USA, of
Wilmington, Del., which TSO owns, have never seen it and are unlikely ever to do
so.

The 30,000 depositors of Colonial National live in all 50 states. They bank via
WATS long-distance telephone lines, wire transfers, mail, nationwide automated
teller machines, debit and credit cards, and, of course, checks. Of the bank's
some $525 million in deposits, Mr. Alter says, only $10 million or so comes from
Wilmington ''walk-in trade.''

Colonial National's 250,000 Visa and MasterCards are in the wallets and handbags
of 225,000 customers -- again, in all 50 states. Installment-loan borrowers are
in 45 states. However, as a nonbank bank, Colonial does not make commercial
loans.

Colonial's aim, Mr. Alter says, is ''to provide a total, personalized,
nationwide service, by mail and telephone, eliminating the time-consuming
necessity of visiting bank branches -- which may not have the required
information [a customer wants] or have the authority to consummate a
transaction.''

''The corner branch of a local bank may seem far more distant and less
responsive than our customer service personnel,'' he says.

Formerly called Teachers Service Organization, TSO used to stick to making
installment loans to teachers, nurses, and other so-called affinity groups via
endorsements by their professional and trade organizations.

The gears began to shift with the 1982, $2 million purchase of the bank -- then
holding $9 million in assets. Lending and funding are now almost entirely
through Colonial.

Mr. Alter propelled the bank into credit cards in 1983, and by 1985 card
receivables topped installment loans -- $169 million versus $167 million at
yearend. Installment loans grew a respectable 25% in 1985, but card out
standings spurted more than 250%.

Diversification and expansion called for another major shift in strategy.  While
the bank still courts about a score of affinity groups, loans to the general
public now account for a larger slice of the business. At yearend 1985, the
general public accounted for 67% of card receivables, up from 17% the year
before, and for 22% of installment loans, up from less than 1%.

''We are marketing-driven,'' says Mr. Alter. To drum up deposits and loans
across the country, Colonial relies primarily on direct mail, telemarketing,
newspaper ads, and radio and TV spots, he says. Institutional deposits are lured
by direct telephone marketing and certificate of deposit quotes on the Tele rate
Service.

Solicitations continue apace. TSO says it expects to generate 125,000 new loan
and card-carrying customers by yearend, bringing the total to 400,000. To
accomplish this, direct mailings are being stepped up to an estimated $22
million from $12 million in 1985.

Higher rates are the bait for deposits. Warren Kantor, 44, executive vice
president of Colonial, for example, says its money market accounts consistently
yield from 75 to 100 basis points above the competition. Mr.  Kantor, who until
April was Philadelphia financial-institutions partner of Arthur Andersen & Co.,
the accounting firm, is also senior vice president and director of TSO.

On the lending side, Mr. Alter says he figures that installment-loan ''borrowers
are driven mostly by the size of the payment they have to make.'' So, while the
bank's charges are generally in the ballpark with the competition, Colonial
offers longer-term loans.

Credit card marketing is targeted to the college-educated, ages 20 to 44, with
above-average incomes -- people who use credit cards the most and pay up the
best. Mr. Alter says card rates are ''well below national averages.''

The payoff is in TSO's net interest margin -- 6.22% in 1985. Mr. Alter credits
TSO's efficient distribution.

''We don't have 1,000 branches like Household and Beneficial,'' he says.
FDIC-insured deposits make funding less costly than in the days when TSO was
strictly a finance company.

With all the talk about ''branchless banking,'' one might think Colonial could
do with only one office. However, the bank still hangs on to the three it had
pre-TSO.

''We have a commitment to our Wilmington customers,'' Mr. Alter says.

Colonial's new strategy has paid off. Since 1982, the year it bought Colonial,
TSO's net income has grown at a compound annual rate of 113%, assets at a
compound annual rate of 63%.

Last year, gross revenues of $67.8 million were 87% higher than the $36.2
million of 1984. Net income of $4.4 million, or 70 cents a share, was 55% ahead
of 1984's $2.8 million, or 41 cents a share on fewer shares.

For 1986, TSO officials do not quarrel with Wall Street forecasts that dollar
earnings will more than double to $9 million. Because of a greater number of
shares outstanding, per share earnings are expected to rise almost 50% -- to
about $1.04.

Shareholders, including insiders, have fared well since TSO sold 1,725,000
shares at $7.25 in an initial public offering last October via New York-based
Kidder, Peabody & Co. A second sale, this time of 2,485,000 shares in March was
priced at $16.625.

Both offerings included shares held by Mr. Alter and other members of his
family, as well as James T. Dimond, 40, a former Fidelity Bank of Philadelphia
senior vice president, who is TSO's president and chief operating officer. The
second offering reduced the family's holdings to 52.4%, Mr. Dimond's to 4.7%.

TSO is adding what Mr. Alter calls ''storeless buying'' to ''branchless
banking.'' The bank's statement stuffers hawk discount exercise equipment,
tableware, clocks, and other merchandise, as well as 24-hour travel
reservations, travel insurance, and credit card protection services.

A new TSO unit leases computers, telephone equipment, and other smaller-ticket
items to professionals and small businesses.

Mr. Alter of TSO came by his two careers of teaching and lending naturally. His
parents were schoolteachers in Philadelphia, and his father helped found and run
a teachers' credit union there.

After he gave up teaching, the elder Mr. Alter put his credit union experience
to work by lending to teachers on his own. His son, who taught in Philadelphia
for two years, took over in 1971.

SECTION: BACKPAGE; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1099 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph, Dennis Alter, Chairman, Chief Executive, TSO Financial
Corp.lter Alter Alter


                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

Patriot swimmers sink conference competition;
After successful Hawaii trip, Carroll sweeps boys and girls crowns, looks
forward to postseason.

BYLINE: By Mickey Zezzo Contributing Writer

SECTION: HUBER HEIGHTS, RIVERSIDE, DAYTON & VANDALIA; Pg. RC4

LENGTH: 414 words


RIVERSIDE - Michele Devitt and her Carroll High School swimmers spent the
Christmas holidays in Hawaii, challenging the ocean waters.

Those dreamy days under the sun on the balmy beaches of Oahu must have provided
a shot of good old-fashioned American adrenaline for both the boys and girls
teams.

They acted more like daring surfers in the recent conference meet at Keating
Natatorium as the Patriot swimmers swept the Girls' Greater Cincinnati League
Grey North and the Greater Catholic League North (boys) championships.

Devitt, who grew up in Hawaii and has a phone recording that says simply
"Aloha," was instrumental in organizing the trip and was only too happy showing
her swimmers around the islands.

In her seventh season as Patriot boys and girls swim coach, Devitt believes it's
the first time Carroll swept conference swim crowns (girls and boys). "It was a
great trip (Hawaii) and a wonderful experience for the teams," said Devitt. "We
even competed in a couple meets over there ... didn't win them but we did well."

The Patriot swimmers did exceptionally well in the league, taking nine firsts
(including two relays) and doing well in virtually every event. Carroll's boys
piled up 417 points to runner-up Chaminade Julienne's 277, and the girls topped
a favored Alter team, registering 370 points to Alter's 301.

Senior Erich Snyder of Huber Heights and sophomore Drew Sullenbarger of
Kettering were double winners on the boys side, Snyder taking the 200-yard
freestyle in 1:51.46 and the 500 free in 4:59.63, and Sullenbarger clocking a
winning 59.51 in the 100 backstroke and the open 200 IM in 2:11.

Beavercreek sophomore Cameron Potts swam home first in the 100 breaststroke in
1:10.47. The boys' 400 free relay unit of junior Matt Ward (Beavercreek), Ryan
Blanford (Beavercreek), Cory Burnett (Xenia) and Erich Snyder finished first in
the 400 free relay with a time of 3:33.93.

Snyder also swims for the Dayton Raiders Swim Club, a powerhouse United States
Swimming club team.

Swimming the girls' winning 200 free relay were junior Madelin Devitt of
Beavercreek, the coach's daughter; senior Tiffany Horvath of Huber Heights;
Taylor Massie of Enon; and junior Morgan Gross of Beavercreek. They clocked
1:46.49.

"Every member of our two squads (35) scored and almost all their times were PRs
(personal records)," said Devitt. "I had my biggest candidate turnout of 52 when
we began this season. Now, we are looking forward to the postseason, and
hopefully state challenges."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Carroll High School swim team swept conference crowns for both
girls and boys divisions at Cincinnati St. Xavier's Keating Natatorium. The
Patriots took nine firsts, including two relays. Carroll's boys piled up 417
points to runner-up Chaminade Julienne's 277, and the girls topped a favored
Alter team, registering 370 points to Alter's 301. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 20, 2005 Monday

Martindale enjoys do-or-die of NFL

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi mgokavi@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C15

LENGTH: 384 words


He works for Al Davis, on the same NFL team as Randy Moss, and he's in the last
year of a two-year deal.

Don Martindale would have it no other way.

"This is the last year so it's do or die," said Martindale, a 1981
Trotwood-Madison graduate and the Oakland Raiders' inside linebackers coach.
"That's fine with me. That's why you're in it at this level and you know (that)
going into it.

"Anybody can get fired anywhere, anytime. To me, that's the competitive part of
it. I enjoy that challenge."

Belmont grad Martin Bayless and Martindale, 42, joined Norv Turner's staff
before last season. An injury to quarterback Rich Gannon stunted an expected
turnaround. The Raiders were 5-11 in 2004 after going 4-12.

The team has added Moss and running back LaMont Jordan, which should make the
defense's job easier.

"I think it's going to change the attitude," Martindale said. "If something
(good) doesn't happen, so be it. But I think it's going to be a great year for
us."

After high school, Martindale played and coached at Defiance. From there, he had
assistant stints at Brookville, Trotwood, Northmont, Notre Dame, the University
of Cincinnati, Western Illinois, Alter and he helped bring a Division I-AA title
to Western Kentucky.

At Northmont and Alter, he coached with Alter coach Ed Domsitz. Martindale will
be the key speaker at Domsitz's roast July 9 (to RSVP, send e-mail to
edsroast@aol.com). He said they always joke about who has the tougher opening
stretch.

Alter faces Fairmont, Bellbrook, Fort Mitchell (Ky.) Beechwood and Columbus St.
Frances DeSales. Martindale's team plays at the Patriots, against the Chiefs, at
the Eagles and against the Cowboys: "I told Ed he's not going to complain this
year."

The old friends swap advice and support.

"His is more philosophically with me and how I handle situations," Martindale
said. "Oh, I'd like to try to take credit for some of his winning, but I can't."

Martindale said every Sunday is like a bowl game and it's grueling. But there
are good moments. A run-blitz suggested by Martindale helped the Raiders earn a
25-24 win at the Broncos, who had beaten them 31-3.

The challenge is the lifeblood of an NFL assistant.

"That's the other fun thing about it," Martindale said. "They're all tough. The
margin of error is just so low."

Contact Mark Gokavi at 225-6951.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Don Martindale

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

Carnival of Madness Tour unveils 2011 line-up

BYLINE: Tommy Mann Jr., The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


May 26--ORANGE -- The Carnival of Madness Tour proved to be one of the hottest
tickets of the summer in 2010 and this year's version looks to be the same.

The 2011 Carnival of Madness Tour was announced Monday and will feature Theory
of a Deadman as this year's featured attraction. Joining the Canadian rock
outfit for the more than two dozen shows will be Alter Bridge, Black Stone
Cherry, Adelitas Way and Emphatic.

Monster Energy Drink will power this year's tour, which begins Aug. 13 in Twin
Lakes, Ill. The first leg of the tour will have bands traversing the U.S. with
shows in Minnesota, Iowa, Pennsylvania, New Hampshire, Maryland, Kentucky,
Missouri, West Virginia and North Carolina. More dates, including several stops
in Texas, are expected to be announced in the coming weeks.

The inaugural Carnival of Madness Tour, which featured Shinedown with special
guests Chevelle, Puddle of Mudd, Sevendust and 10 Years.

This year's tour picks up where the 2010 left off by giving rock fans all the
music they can handle in one affordable package as most tickets will cost
between $25-$35.

VIP ticket pre-sales for the first 15 events will be available for those
belonging to Theory of a Deadman's Deadfan Club beginning Tuesday, May 31,
followed by those signed up for the Carnival of Madness mailing list at
www.carnivalofmadness.com, beginning Wednesday, June 1. VIP bundles with
exclusive merchandise, content, and an enhanced Carnival experience will be
available for purchase through Artist Arena. The public on-sale for the first
round of shows will be Friday, June 3.

"Theory of a Deadman is totally stoked to be doing the Carnival of Madness Tour
this year," says singer and guitarist Tyler Connolly in a press release. "It's
great to be joined by Alter Bridge, Black Stone Cherry, Adelitas Way and
newcomers Emphatic, who all have songs rocking at radio and awesome live shows.
It's going to be a great show from beginning to end and definitely something you
don't want to miss!"

Myles Kennedy, the singer and guitarist of Alter Bridge, was equally excited.

"Alter Bridge is pleased to be taking part of the Carnival of Madness Tour later
this summer," he added. "It will be great to be back in the U.S. playing on our
home turf with these bands. If you dig straight up, no frills Roc, then this
tour is for you."

Visit www.carnivalofmadness.co for more information and up-to-date news on this
year's tour.

To see more of The Orange Leader or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://orangeleader.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Orange Leader, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110526-XY-Carnival-of-Madness-Tour-unveils-2011-line-up-0526-20110526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                        Copyright 2011 The Orange Leader


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

3-term Democrat plans to run as independent

BYLINE: BY MATTHEW HATHAWAY Of the Post-Dispatch Tim Rowden of the Post-Dispatch
contributed to this report.

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 660 words


Harold Selby, the three-term state representative who often finds himself at
odds with fellow Democrats in Jefferson City, announced Tuesday that he plans to
file as an independent candidate in the race to become Jefferson County's next
state senator.

If the Cedar Hill legislator can gather the 962 petition signatures needed to
put his name on the April 5 ballot, he will face off against Rep. Rick Johnson,
a former House minority floor leader who is considered one of the rising stars
of the Democratic Party.

Republican Bill Alter, a former state representative, also is running for the
Senate seat vacated by Steve Stoll, who left the Legislature this month to
become city administrator of Festus.

The Senate seat covers the northern half of Jefferson County and most of its
major population centers.

The county's Democratic Central Committee voted Saturday to select Johnson over
Ryan McKenna, a former state representative from Barnhart, for the nomination.

Selby claims that Johnson is "too liberal for our area" and will lose the
election. He also contends that Johnson, a party committeeman, should have
recused himself from voting on the nomination.

In Jefferson County, the committee weights its nominating votes by population,
and Johnson wielded the equivalent of six votes. Johnson said that he recused
himself from the committee's deliberations but added that he voted on the
nomination out of an obligation to the Democrats of his township.

Selby, who was not present for the vote, speculated that McKenna would have won
the vote if Johnson had recused himself.

Jack Cardetti, a spokesman for the Missouri Democratic Party, called Selby "a
good representative," but said the party "supports the decision of the local
Democrats."

Selby supported McKenna at the meeting of the Central Committee. It was the
first time Selby had met with the county's party leadership since 1998, when he
accused committee members of being out of touch with local voters. Nothing has
changed, Selby said.

Selby said that Jefferson County voters overwhelmingly oppose legalized abortion
and that committeemen should have picked a candidate who opposes abortion.
Johnson says that he is personally opposed to abortion but that he would not
vote to make it illegal.

Selby is a maverick politician who refuses campaign contributions and often
votes against the wishes of his party, most recently during his campaign to
eliminate the St. Louis area's auto-emissions testing program.

Selby predicts the election to fill Stoll's seat will deteriorate into "a money
war between the Democratic and Republican parties," with each side dumping as
much as $250,000 into the race. But Selby said that he will remain above the
fray and provide voters "with a real choice."

Johnson called Selby's intentions "interesting" but said that Selby's candidacy
as an independent will have little impact on the race.

"I respect Harold Selby's opinion and his service as a state representative, but
I think his political analysis is flawed," Johnson said.

Johnson disputes claims that he is too liberal for Jefferson County. He
describes his district as the most conservative in the county and claims that
his campaign's polling indicates he won the support of 29 percent of the
district's Republicans in the November election.

He said that voters will choose between his legislative record and Alter's
voting history, which Johnson described as "right-wing and reactionary."

Alter and Johnson have crossed paths before. In 1998, Johnson unsuccessfully
tried to unseat Alter and eventually won the seat after Alter retired two years
later. In November, Johnson won re-election to a third term, despite a challenge
by Alter's daughter -- Angela Alter-Wren.

Alter said it is Johnson who is out of touch in a county that he contends is
moving from solidly Democratic to Republican. He praised Selby as "a good guy"
but said Johnson is "out there for his own" and is trying to position himself
for higher office.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo
 Photo headshots - (Harold) Selby, (Rick) Johnson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

DEATHS ELSEWHERE OBITUARIES

BYLINE:  From news services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 296 words


Hobart 'Hobie' Alter o The man who helped popularize surfing and sailing, with
the development of the foam surfboard and the "Hobie Cat" sailboat, has died. He
was 80.

Mr. Alter died Saturday (March 29, 2014) at his home in Palm Desert, Calif.,
according to a statement on the Hobie sporting goods website. A cause of death
was not disclosed. The Orange County Register said Mr. Alter had been battling
cancer.

Lorenzo Semple Jr. o One of the hottest screenwriters in Hollywood in the 1970s
and '80s has died.

Mr. Semple died Friday (March 28, 2014) of natural causes at his home in
Brentwood, Calif., a day after his 91st birthday, said his wife, Joyce.

Mr. Semple worked on star-studded movies such as "Papillon," with Steve McQueen
and Dustin Hoffman; "Three Days of the Condor," headlined by Robert Redford; and
"Never Say Never Again," Sean Connery's last movie as James Bond.

After not being active in the movie business for a couple of decades, Mr. Semple
experienced a new surge of popularity in 2007 in front of the camera on "Reel
Geezers," a series of online shows he did with veteran agent Marcia Nasatir in
which they would review current movies and bicker. "He could always make you
laugh," Nasatir said Friday.

George de Vincent o The onetime felon, boxer and aspiring painter who went on to
a career in photography, becoming a portraitist of the socially prominent and a
chronicler of the impoverished, died March 13, 2014, at his home in the District
of Columbia. He was 94.

The cause was congestive heart failure, said a friend, Eric Ricks.

Mr. de Vincent collaborated with journalist, author and philanthropist Philip M.
Stern on "The Shame of a Nation," a 1965 book that examined the plight of
metropolitan slum dwellers and those subsisting in poverty in Appalachia.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Herald (Sharon, Pennslyvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 17, 2008 Saturday

Crash case goes to court; buggy driver still in critical condition

BYLINE: Matt Snyder, The Herald, Sharon, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


May 17--PERRY TOWNSHIP Sat, May 17 2008

The Pymatuning Township man police say crashed into an Amish buggy, critically
injuring its driver and killing a horse, will face hit-and-run charges in Mercer
County Common Pleas Court.

Timothy Frederick Alter, 29, of Lot 7, 90 Shenango Park Road, waived his
preliminary hearing Friday and charges of hit and run resulting in death or
injury, failure to stop and render aid, failure to notify police of an accident
and accident involving damage to vehicles or property were held to court.

By waiving charges to court before District Judge Lorinda L. Hinch, Alter agreed
there was enough evidence to justify the charges at face value.

His attorney, Randall Hetrick, said a police affidavit incorrectly states
Alter's driving privileges were suspended for drunken driving-related reasons.
He said they were suspended before, but not for drunken driving. Assistant
District Attorney D. Neil McEwen confirmed the report is in error.

According to Mercer County court records, Alter has pleaded guilty to driving
under suspension six times since 2000. The latest offense was in February.

Alter is accused of driving a 1984 Chevrolet van about 12:45 a.m. May 5 on state
Route 358 east of Hughey Road in Perry Township when he struck an Amish buggy
from behind, police said.

Erven Byler, 22, of 5824 Pine Road, East Fallowfield Township, Crawford County,
was thrown 50 feet and the crash killed the horse, police said.

Byler remained in critical condition Friday in St. Elizabeth Health Center,
Youngstown, almost two weeks after the May 5 wreck, said a hospital spokeswoman.
As of May 6, he was in a medically-induced coma, court documents said.

After police found Alter, he agreed to an interview and told them he was driving
the van that struck Byler's buggy and he did not stop, police said.

Police found Alter after the crash by taking pieces of the wreckage to Ben
Bissett Chevrolet, East Lackawannock Township. The service manager determined
the parts were from a 1980s model conversion van, court documents said.

Then police got a tip from a caller May 6 that a van was being stored in a
garage on Perrine Road in Sandy Creek Township, court documents said. Police
were permitted to search the garage by the woman who owns it, and they found a
blue-gray van registered to Alter's wife.

After being confronted, Alter told police he knew why they were there and then
agreed to the interview, police said.

Alter, who had not posted bond, was returned to Mercer County Jail after the
hearing.

To see more of The Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sharon-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Herald, Sharon, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080517-XS-Crash-case-goes-to-court-buggy-driver-still-in-critical-condition-05
17

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XS


                                 Copyright 2008


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday

School headlines

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-12

LENGTH: 635 words


New Alter principal appointed; she'll begin job on July 1

KETTERING - Cincinnati Archbishop Daniel E. Pilarczyk has appointed Nicole G.
Brainard as principal of Archbishop Alter High School, effective July 1.

Brainard, who has been assistant principal of McAuley High School in Cincinnati
since 2002, succeeds Sister Katie Hoelscher, S.C., at Alter.

Brainard graduated from John Carroll University in 1997 with a double major in
English and science. She earned a master's degree in educational administration
from Xavier University in 2000.

Beach Boys to headline benefit show

KETTERING - The Beach Boys will be the featured entertainment for the Kettering
Education Foundation's second annual benefit concert on Mother's Day.

Opening act for the 2:30 p.m. May 13 event is Eleventh Hour, a select ensemble
comprising top students from the Fairmont High School music department.

Tickets are now on sale through Ticketmaster and the Fairmont Box Office,
located in the Fairmont Performing Arts Center. Tickets start are $25, with
proceeds going to the Kettering Education Foundation.

Carroll players to do 'Anything Goes' starting tonight

RIVERSIDE - The Carroll High School Freedom Players will present Anything Goes
featuring the music of Cole Porter at 7:30 p.m. today, 8 p.m. Saturday and 2
p.m. Sunday at the school, 4524 Linden Ave.

Cost is $8 for adults and $6 for students and senior citizens. Children ages 5
and younger get in free. For more information, call (937) 253-8188, ext. 329.

Kettering art on display at Fairmont

KETTERING - The Kettering City School District's Art Department is presenting
2007 N2 Art Select Exhibit now through March 29 in the Fairmont High School
Gallery, 3301 Shroyer Road.

More than 300 pieces of art from Kettering elementary, middle and high school
students are on display.

The exhibit is free and open to the public from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through
Friday.

Young writers bring home honors

KETTERING - Kettering Middle School's eighth-grade Power of the Pen team brought
home a first place from the tournament on Feb. 17 at Mad River Middle School.

Coached by language arts teacher Matt Payne, the team outscored 17 other teams.

In addition, individual Kettering students also captured honors at the
tournament. Seventhgrader Marie Johnson, coached by language arts teacher Cathy
Siewe, received an honorable mention for her writing. Eighthgrader Katie Hoover
brought home the third-place trophy, teammate Jenny Rathburn earned a
fifth-place finish and teammate Sarah Behm received 11th place.

Oakwood foundation picks new trustees Hayes and Reed

OAKWOOD - The Oakwood Schools Education Foundation has announced new Board
Trustees Steve Hayes and Linda Reed.

In addition, Elizabeth Reger is the newly appointed liaison of the Oakwood Board
of Education to the Foundation.

Reed and her husband, David, are residents of Oakwood and the parents of three
young children. She is a former Montgomery County prosecuting attorney and is an
active community volunteer, serving in various roles for the Dayton Art
Institute and the Dayton Opera Guild.

Hayes is an Oakwood alumnus and retired president of Industrial Distribution
Group. He has been active in the Oakwood Athletic Boosters, Oakwood Youth
Commission and Oakwood Housing Committee. He serves as a board member of the
Engineers' Club of Dayton. He has three grown children, all Oakwood graduates.

Reger became a member of the Oakwood City Schools Board of Education in January
2006. She has two children in Oakwood schools.

Fairmont grad on dean's list at Bowling Green

KETTERING - Stephanie Spears, a 2004 graduate of Kettering Fairmont High School,
was named to the summer and fall 2006 dean's list of Bowling Green State
University.

The middle childhood education major is a junior and the daughter of Steven and
Janis Spears of Kettering.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nicole G. Brainard has been appointed the new principal at Alter High
School. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Alter Marching Knights capture many awards;
FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE KETTERING/MIAMI VALLEY

SECTION: ; Pg. OZWR2

LENGTH: 661 words


The 2016 Archbishop Alter Marching Knights and Color Guard.

It's halftime at a high school football game. There are three reasons why you
shouldn't leave your seat and head for the concession stand: staying warm, the
possibility of losing your seat and the best reason of all - watching the bands
perform their halftime shows. This past year, this was especially true at Alter
High School football games.

"This season really was a succession of our best performances. Each time we
performed, we learned things, progressed and got better," said 10-year band
director Todd Tucker, a Springboro resident. "Our best performances then all
came at the end of the season at Bands of America Grand Nationals. We performed
our show 'Ghost Story' beautifully each time."

T h e 2 01 6 M a r c h i n g Knights include 35 student musicians and 12
color-guard members. The band members include students from Kettering and a
number of surrounding communities: Bellbrook, Center-ville, Miamisburg, Lebanon,
Springboro and Waynesville. You might be surprised to learn that two of these
musicians play guitars and electric bass.

"Our show was very intricate this year. I loved the opportunity to perform on
electric bass, as well as electric and acoustic guitar," said Joey Liechty.
"This show really allowed me to connect with the audience. I had a solo at the
end of the show that captured the moment we wanted."

In addition to the traditional marching band wind instruments, they use an
entirely stationary percussion and rhythm section that includes marimbas,
vibraphones, xylophones, bells, drums, synthesizer keyboards and the guitars.

Proud band parent Tim McHenry of Miamisburg sent in the contest stats for this
past season. Placed 1st in Class A at the Dayton Regional, Welcome Stadium on
Sept. 24. Placed 1st in Class A at the St. Louis Super-regional, The Dome at
America's Center, on Oct. 21-22. Alter won their fifth consecutive Class A
Championship at Shea Stadium in Norwood, sweeping all five divisions: best
music, best color guard, best percussion, best visual, and best general effect.
They brought back semi-finalist and 3rd Place Class A winner trophies from the
Grand National Championships, Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Nov. 10-12.

"It really comes down to the hard work and commitment of the students. We are
very blessed with a very supportive school administration and music parent
booster group," Tucker said."They make it very easy for our staff and kids to
design, create and execute at a very high level. Hard work and dedication in
that supportive environment tends to lead to great achievements."

The Alter Marching Knights' competition program "Ghost Story" featured "Danse
Macabre" by Camille Saint-Saens, Mozart's Requiem, and the music of Stephen
Sondheim. "Danse Macabre" is a hauntingmelodywithmany changes in tempo. It took
200 hours of practice just to learn the basic performance.

"Even between our prelims, performance and semifinals at nationals, we continued
to adjust and tweak things to maximize the performance," Tucker said. "We have
an incredible music and color-guard staff with a true passion for teaching,
creating and innovation. We really do have a team effort when it comes to
creating the shows."

Tucker credits many people with the band's success. He collaborated with Michael
Cesario to develop the show's conceptandmusicalstoryboard. He worked with Tim
Hinton on the music arrangements and pacing. Percussion director Josh Carpenter
helped write the percussion section.

The visual concepts come togetherwhenTuckerwrites the staging and movement for
each member on the field. His wife, Lauren, is assistant director and writes the
body work for the band members. Guard director Amanda Miller and guard staff
Shelby Klamert and Megan Sears create the guard's visual package.

"Also, our student leadership and seniors set the bar high to achieve, and they
did just that," Tucker said.

Contact this contributing

writer at PamDillon@woh.

rr.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Alter Marching Knights capture many awards;
FOCUS ON THE POSITIVE KETTERING/MIAMI VALLEY

SECTION: ; Pg. OZWR2

LENGTH: 661 words


The 2016 Archbishop Alter Marching Knights and Color Guard.

It's halftime at a high school football game. There are three reasons why you
shouldn't leave your seat and head for the concession stand: staying warm, the
possibility of losing your seat and the best reason of all - watching the bands
perform their halftime shows. This past year, this was especially true at Alter
High School football games.

"This season really was a succession of our best performances. Each time we
performed, we learned things, progressed and got better," said 10-year band
director Todd Tucker, a Springboro resident. "Our best performances then all
came at the end of the season at Bands of America Grand Nationals. We performed
our show 'Ghost Story' beautifully each time."

T h e 2 01 6 M a r c h i n g Knights include 35 student musicians and 12
color-guard members. The band members include students from Kettering and a
number of surrounding communities: Bellbrook, Center-ville, Miamisburg, Lebanon,
Springboro and Waynesville. You might be surprised to learn that two of these
musicians play guitars and electric bass.

"Our show was very intricate this year. I loved the opportunity to perform on
electric bass, as well as electric and acoustic guitar," said Joey Liechty.
"This show really allowed me to connect with the audience. I had a solo at the
end of the show that captured the moment we wanted."

In addition to the traditional marching band wind instruments, they use an
entirely stationary percussion and rhythm section that includes marimbas,
vibraphones, xylophones, bells, drums, synthesizer keyboards and the guitars.

Proud band parent Tim McHenry of Miamisburg sent in the contest stats for this
past season. Placed 1st in Class A at the Dayton Regional, Welcome Stadium on
Sept. 24. Placed 1st in Class A at the St. Louis Super-regional, The Dome at
America's Center, on Oct. 21-22. Alter won their fifth consecutive Class A
Championship at Shea Stadium in Norwood, sweeping all five divisions: best
music, best color guard, best percussion, best visual, and best general effect.
They brought back semi-finalist and 3rd Place Class A winner trophies from the
Grand National Championships, Lucas Oil Stadium, Indianapolis, Nov. 10-12.

"It really comes down to the hard work and commitment of the students. We are
very blessed with a very supportive school administration and music parent
booster group," Tucker said."They make it very easy for our staff and kids to
design, create and execute at a very high level. Hard work and dedication in
that supportive environment tends to lead to great achievements."

The Alter Marching Knights' competition program "Ghost Story" featured "Danse
Macabre" by Camille Saint-Saens, Mozart's Requiem, and the music of Stephen
Sondheim. "Danse Macabre" is a hauntingmelodywithmany changes in tempo. It took
200 hours of practice just to learn the basic performance.

"Even between our prelims, performance and semifinals at nationals, we continued
to adjust and tweak things to maximize the performance," Tucker said. "We have
an incredible music and color-guard staff with a true passion for teaching,
creating and innovation. We really do have a team effort when it comes to
creating the shows."

Tucker credits many people with the band's success. He collaborated with Michael
Cesario to develop the show's conceptandmusicalstoryboard. He worked with Tim
Hinton on the music arrangements and pacing. Percussion director Josh Carpenter
helped write the percussion section.

The visual concepts come togetherwhenTuckerwrites the staging and movement for
each member on the field. His wife, Lauren, is assistant director and writes the
body work for the band members. Guard director Amanda Miller and guard staff
Shelby Klamert and Megan Sears create the guard's visual package.

"Also, our student leadership and seniors set the bar high to achieve, and they
did just that," Tucker said.

Contact this contributing

writer at PamDillon@woh.

rr.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 30, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Topics of The Times;
Voting Vengeance

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 218 words


New York City's Districting Commission was chided last week for a racial
gerrymander that denied a white incumbent a chance to run in her current
minority area. It now has replaced the gerrymander with new lines that can only
be designed to punish the incumbent, Council member Susan Alter, for having
complained. It's a small-minded, grudging action that detracts from the
commission's larger achievements.

While approving most of the city's new Council districts last week, the Justice
Department went out of its way to criticize the serpentine lines that put Ms.
Alter a couple of blocks outside her old district. John Dunne, Assistant
Attorney General for Civil Rights, instructed the commission that the Voting
Rights Act did not automatically forbid newly created minority districts that
elect white candidates.

Technically, the commission could have ignored Mr. Dunne's criticism, but it
chose to respond -- by putting Ms. Alter's home in the most politically
difficult areas around her old neighborhoods. The message is clear: If one
fights for equal treatment, showing up the commission, the commission retaliates
with political punishment. Mr. Dunne did not object to the change, so it may
even be legal under the voting law. But it's not the last word. The last word is
"shameful."

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday

Patriot swimmers sink conference competition;
After successful Hawaii trip, Carroll sweeps boys and girls crowns, looks
forward to postseason.

BYLINE: By Mickey Zezzo Contributing Writer

SECTION: BELLBROOK & SUGARCREEK TWP; Pg. RE4

LENGTH: 414 words


RIVERSIDE - Michele Devitt and her Carroll High School swimmers spent the
Christmas holidays in Hawaii, challenging the ocean waters.

Those dreamy days under the sun on the balmy beaches of Oahu must have provided
a shot of good old-fashioned American adrenaline for both the boys and girls
teams.

They acted more like daring surfers in the recent conference meet at Keating
Natatorium as the Patriot swimmers swept the Girls' Greater Cincinnati League
Grey North and the Greater Catholic League North (boys) championships.

Devitt, who grew up in Hawaii and has a phone recording that says simply
"Aloha," was instrumental in organizing the trip and was only too happy showing
her swimmers around the islands.

In her seventh season as Patriot boys and girls swim coach, Devitt believes it's
the first time Carroll swept conference swim crowns (girls and boys). "It was a
great trip (Hawaii) and a wonderful experience for the teams," said Devitt. "We
even competed in a couple meets over there ... didn't win them but we did well."

The Patriot swimmers did exceptionally well in the league, taking nine firsts
(including two relays) and doing well in virtually every event. Carroll's boys
piled up 417 points to runner-up Chaminade Julienne's 277, and the girls topped
a favored Alter team, registering 370 points to Alter's 301.

Senior Erich Snyder of Huber Heights and sophomore Drew Sullenbarger of
Kettering were double winners on the boys side, Snyder taking the 200-yard
freestyle in 1:51.46 and the 500 free in 4:59.63, and Sullenbarger clocking a
winning 59.51 in the 100 backstroke and the open 200 IM in 2:11.

Beavercreek sophomore Cameron Potts swam home first in the 100 breaststroke in
1:10.47. The boys' 400 free relay unit of junior Matt Ward (Beavercreek), Ryan
Blanford (Beavercreek), Cory Burnett (Xenia) and Erich Snyder finished first in
the 400 free relay with a time of 3:33.93.

Snyder also swims for the Dayton Raiders Swim Club, a powerhouse United States
Swimming club team.

Swimming the girls' winning 200 free relay were junior Madelin Devitt of
Beavercreek, the coach's daughter; senior Tiffany Horvath of Huber Heights;
Taylor Massie of Enon; and junior Morgan Gross of Beavercreek. They clocked
1:46.49.

"Every member of our two squads (35) scored and almost all their times were PRs
(personal records)," said Devitt. "I had my biggest candidate turnout of 52 when
we began this season. Now, we are looking forward to the postseason, and
hopefully state challenges."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Carroll High School swim team swept conference crowns for both
girls and boys divisions held at Cincinnati's St. Xavier's Keating Natatorium.
The Patriots took nine firsts, including two relays. Carroll's boys piled up 417
points to runner-up Chaminade Julienne's 277, and the girls topped a favored
Alter team, registering 370 points to Alter's 301. Contributed photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 25, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

A PLAGUE OF PLAGIARISM // Rash of cases raises questions

BYLINE: James Cox

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1411 words


Plagiarism is journalism's dirty little secret.

At least that's what the guy at the next desk says, and he insists on getting
credit for it.

Recent allegations of plagiarism and related ethical lapses have ricocheted from
Boston University to The New York Times, The Washington Post and other news
outlets. The ugliness has editors and reporters wondering if they might be
cribbing from one another more than they should.

''In its worst forms, plagiarism is a sickness,'' says Newsweek media critic
Jonathan Alter. ''In its lesser forms it's a kind of carelessness that I think
every journalist sweats over at one time or another.''

The entire newspaper industry seems to have a bad case of the sweats - and a big
problem separating the virus of plagiarism from less harmful germs.

''Everybody in journalism borrows, so it's a question of how much you borrow and
what kind of credit you provide,'' says Alter, who views recycled story ideas as
a necessary evil, altogether different from the theft of another writer's words.
''You have to reserve the label 'plagiarism' for cases that are unambiguous.''

Clearly deserving of the label, says Alter, is the case of The Washington Post's
Laura Parker. She lifted extensively - including direct quotes - from stories by
The Miami Herald and Associated Press. (Details, left).

On the other hand, The New York Times' Fox Butterfield was ''close to the line''
but not over it, in Alter's opinion. A Butterfield story contained five
paragraphs that closely resembled material published by The Boston Globe.

In his article, Butterfield did credit The Globe once, but his report was
''improperly dependent'' on The Globe's, The Times decided. Nonetheless,
''editors who have looked at this closely are not viewing it as plagiarism,''
Times spokeswoman Nancy Nielsen said.

So where is the line?

Thomas Mallon, GQ magazine's literary editor and author of a book on plagiarism,
says plagiarism goes far beyond ''duplication of another writer's language.''

The theft of ideas, structure, supporting evidence and lines of reasoning all
qualify, he argues. ''The plagiarized piece of work is not necessarily a mirror
image of the original.''

Indeed, Post ombudsman Richard Harwood wrote Sunday that journalists engage in
''practices that clearly would be classified as plagiarism in other settings - a
university or research laboratory, for example.''

As Harwood noted, radio stations often engage in rip-and-read reporting,
plundering newspapers for stories; TV and print media regularly steal
information, sources and story ideas from one another without giving credit; and
nearly all reporters ravage clip files and computer databases for background
material.

At some newspapers, the reporter who uses unattributed material from clips or
from a wire service is, essentially, holding stolen goods. At others, he or she
is not.

Parker poached from The Herald far more than she did the Associated Press, but
The Post's rigid policy forbids both. ''Attribution of material from other
newspapers and media must be total,'' is The Post's dictum.

At many newspapers, including USA TODAY, Parker would be in trouble for stealing
from The Herald, but not for using selected quotes or facts from wire service
reports. Newspapers pay to use wire services, and the Associated Press is a
cooperative in which members share stories. ''In a way, their reporters are our
reporters,'' says USA TODAY Editor Peter Prichard. Nevertheless, he says, ''We
do rather religiously give credit when it's a news break or a scoop.''

Even The Post has trouble being consistent. It apologized to The Herald, but not
the Associated Press. ''I guess maybe we should have apologized to AP, too, but
most of the material (in Parker's story) was from The Herald,'' says Managing
Editor Leonard Downie.

Newsweek's Alter calls plagiarism the ''career killer'' of journalism, and for
the most flagrant offenders that is often true.

Parker, 37, sat jobless at home last week, fielding phone calls and reading a
short statement. ''I made a mistake which I deeply regret,'' she said. ''I think
I was very harshly punished.'' She said she would look for another job in
journalism.

Butterfield, 52, was suspended for a week. He is one of The Times' most
distinguished reporters, having won a National Book Award and shared a Pulitzer
Prize. Even though Butterfield's transgression isn't regarded internally as
plagiarism, his professional accomplishments appear to have kept The Times from
dealing more harshly with him.

''He's still employed here because he has a long record of being an excellent
reporter. He opened (a) China (bureau) for us, he worked on the Pentagon papers.
That was taken into consideration,'' Nielsen said.

The painful irony in Butterfield's case is that it was his story on plagiarism
by H. Joachim Maitre, dean of Boston University's communications college, that
landed him in hot water.

Maitre's crime was delivering a commencement address that included huge chunks
of a speech by PBS film critic Michael Medved. Maitre was forced to resign as
dean, but he can keep his tenured teaching position if he wants.

B.U.'s decision is ''rather absurd,'' says GQ's Mallon. ''It seems to me that if
the man is unfit to be dean because of plagiarism he's committed, then he
shouldn't be on the teaching faculty, either.''

Whether he teaches or not, Maitre's reputation is probably ruined, PBS' Medved
says.

''Here's someone who has 30 years of a very interesting, complicated career, but
the only thing anybody knows of him now is 20 hideous minutes,'' says Medved.
''He is now known as Maitre the plagiarist, and I feel terribly sorry for him.''

In both academia and journalism, plagiarists are just as often talented writers
as dull-witted hacks, Mallon says. He warns that many are repeat offenders.
''There is a compulsive element among plagiarists.''

Alter argues that one-time violators should be allowed one try to reform after a
''cooling-off period.''

Repeaters should be barred from the profession ''in the same way that you
shouldn't be allowed to commit medical malpractice in one state and move to
another,'' says Alter.

Boston Globe Editor John S. Driscoll and Chicago Tribune Editor
Jack Fuller say technology - particularly computer databases -   puts

at the fingertips of today's plagiarist an infinite number of sources from which
to pilfer.

Perhaps so, argues Miami Herald Publisher David Lawrence Jr., currently
president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors. But ''you've got to
examine what's in people's minds and souls, not in their computers,'' he says.

Lawrence's conclusion - one that Driscoll, Fuller, Prichard, Downie and other
editors agree with - is that there is no plagiarism epidemic, despite the recent
outbreak.

Even so, the public is likely to hear more on the issue. Those same computer
databases, as well as fax machines and videotape, make it quick and easy to
retrieve and compare the work of different writers. And to catch plagiarists.

For Maitre, the smoking guns were everywhere: His speech was preserved on
videocassettes on sale at B.U. for $ 20 each.

A web of borrowed words

The recent chain reaction:

November 1990: PBS film critic Michael Medved delivers speech entitled ''Popular
Culture and the War Against Standards'' in Orange, Calif.

May 12, 1991: H. Joachim Maitre, dean of Boston University's College of
Communications, delivers commencement address.

July 2: Boston Globe article accuses Maitre of repeating ''nearly word for
word'' portions of Medved's speech.

July 3: The New York Times runs article by Fox Butterfield on Maitre
controversy, noting that The Globe broke the story.

July 11: A Times Editor's Note says Butterfield's story ''included a passage of
five paragraphs that closely resembled'' The Globe's story. Butterfield is
suspended for a week.

July 12: Washington Post media column calls Times' Editor's Note ''one of the
more embarrassing clarifications in recent history.''

Maitre resigns as dean, but can stay as a professor.

July 13: The Post tells readers that an article it ran on insect infestation in
Florida ''appeared to be based on original interviewing and reporting, when in
fact most of the article was taken from material previously published by The
Miami Herald and the Associated Press.'' Post Miami bureau chief Laura Parker,
who wrote the July 7 insect story, is fired.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; color, Marcia Staimer, USA TODAY (Drawing)

TYPE: Cover Story; Media

See info box at end of text; See sidebars; A 'baffling; epidemic of incidents;
Career sins; Sex, lies, plagiarism

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday

Girls Flyin' to Hoop;
Alter is first girls team invited to national showcase.;
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL

SECTION: ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 579 words


Braxtin Miller cuts the net after Alter High girls won their second straight
high school basketball D-II state championship in March. The Alter girls will
debut in Flyin' to the Hoop this year.

Founder Eric Horstman added girls play for '17.

Alter coach Chris Hart brings her girls team to the event.

DAYTON - Girls basketball will make its long-awaited debut in the Premier Health
Flyin' to the Hoop, the annual midseason hoopfest during the Martin Luther King
holiday weekend in January.

Flyin' creator Eric Horstman announced the lineup Tuesday at the Good Samaritan
North Health Center. Among the 37 teams that will play in 20 games from Jan.
13-16 is a matchup of Alter, the two-time defending girls Division II state
champion, against Cleveland St. Joseph Academy. It's the first time in the 15
years of the showcase event that draws national attention that a girls game will
be played.

Alter girls coach Chris Hart said negotiations to land the Knights began last
spring and were finalized in the summer. The lone condition was she couldn't
tell anyone, including returning players.

"It was tough to not be able to talk about it," Hart said. "It was nice that it
all worked out. It's a tremendous opportunity for our players, our program and
our school. We're very humbled and honored to be a part of this."

All games are scheduled to be played at Fairmont High School's Trent Arena in
Kettering. The Knights will be joined by Alter's boys team, which will play
Middletown in the Day 4 nightcap.

"I've heard from the sponsors and public and a lot of people that they'd love to
have a girls game," Horstman said. "This schedule fills up quickly and I
thought, this year we're going to do something different and have one slot for
the girls."

There are 15 area boys teams committed. The finale of each day's action is the
featured contest. In the opening-night doubleheader, IMG (Fla.) will make its
second straight appearance, playing Hamilton Heights (Tenn.).

Other featured matchups are Wayne, projected to be among the state's top five
Division I teams, vs. Huntington Prep (W.Va.), Dunbar vs. Covington Catholic
(Ky.) and Alter/Middletown.

Dunbar ended a series with state power Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary to return to
Flyin'. "Our kids love it and it's something they always want to do," Wolverines
coach Pete Pullen said. "It's great for the city of Dayton to bring this talent
in. We're happy to be a part of it and see where we are basketball-wise."

A great small-school matchup is Tri-Village vs. Versailles.Tri-Villagewonthe
D-IV state title in 2015 and defeated Russia in its 2014 Flyin' debut.
Versailles features junior Justin Ahrens, who has verbally committed to Ohio
State. "It's an unbelievable memory for our kids and our community," Tri-Village
coach Josh Sagester said.

Flyin' has become one of the more popular midseason basketball invitationals in
the nation. It draws some of the nation's top prep teams and many high-profile
college coaches. Horstman said Flyin' draws about 20,000 spectators over the
four days and has an economic impact of $1.9 million to the metropolitan area.

Huntington Prep features 6-foot-9 Jaemyn Brakefield, the consensus No. 1
freshman in the nation.

"Everybody looks at this as their Super Bowl," Horstman said, "so everybody
brings their 'A' game. We have the best teams from Ohio playing each other and
the best teams in the country."

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.

Pendleton@coxinc.com

Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 4, 2006 Wednesday

Scott lifts C-J past Alter;
Junior guard connects five times from long range as Eagles win

BYLINE: By Mark Gokavi mgokavi@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 410 words


KETTERING - Brian Scott is a coach's dream in more ways than one.

"He lives in the gym," Chaminade-Julienne boys basketball coach Joe Staley said.
"If you leave him open, he's going to stick it. He's done it all year for us."

That dream must include Scott's height. The junior guard is listed - let's say,
generously - at 5-foot-8. "Make that a short 5-8," Staley said while laughing.

While that number is in dispute, Scott's contributions Tuesday night at James S.
Trent Arena were not. He scored 15 points on five 3-pointers as C-J defeated
Alter 56-47.

The Eagles (7-1, 4-1 Greater Catholic League North) took control of their
division while Alter falls to 5-5 and 3-2.

"Once I get started, I feel real good about shooting," Scott said. "I wear the
little T-shirt out there so I can stay warm and keep shooting. Coaches tell me
to shoot it, so I'm never nervous about it."

Scott made all of C-J's field goals (four 3-pointers) in the second quarter for
a 34-26 halftime lead. But his biggest shot was after the Knights trimmed the
deficit to 42-39. After Alter missed a 3, Scott nailed one from 22 feet for a
45-39 lead. He didn't let a couple of blocks change his game.

"I've been getting my shot blocked my whole life," Scott said. "I've always been
the smallest so I just keep shooting. I really don't care."

Alter's Danny Bruner, a 6-8 center, scored a gamehigh 16 while A.J. Savino added
11. But the Knights didn't guard the perimeter well and missed several shots
shorter than Scott.

"We've got to make some layups," Alter coach Joe Petrocelli said. "We had five
on one possession down there and couldn't put it in the basket."

After two losing seasons and a 1-3 start, the Knights won four straight,
including two of three in an Atlanta tourney. A few key players have nagging
injuries, but Petrocelli said the team is improving. Neither Petrocelli nor
Staley were happy with their team's effort or intensity, perhaps due to the
first matchup in a new setting.

After leaning on tall centers Nathan Peavy and Derrick Brown, this year's C-J
team hopes to imitate the Eagles' early 90s smaller clubs. That means pressure
defense leading to points, stamina and a deep bench. It also means Steve Dees
(13 points on Tuesday), Donovan Potter (10) and Evan Allen (9) playing as "big"
as Scott.

"We play with our quickness of our guards and play more defense up and down the
floor," Scott said. "And run and gun and shoot the ball more."

Contact Mark Gokavi at 225-6951.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NICK FALZERANO/FOR THE DAYTON DAILY NEWS BRIAN SCOTT of
Chaminade-Julienne drains one of his five 3-pointers as Alter's Anthony Hess
rushes out to defend. Scott led the Eagles with 15 points in a 56-47 victory
over the Knights.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2009 Dumrath & Fassnacht KG (GmbH & Co.)
                              All Rights Reserved

                                   DufaIndex

                                 9. Januar 2009

                  Blue Capital USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH

                                 Alter Wall 22
                                 Hamburg 20457
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
HR-NUMMER: HRB 72726

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSFORM: Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
FIRMENART: Handelsregister
VEROEFFENTL-ART:
Registerliche Zuordnung

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

FIRMENLEITUNG:

     ·    Prokura erloschen: Samson Jörg


* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *
GERICHT: 20355 Hamburg

20355 Hamburg Blue Capital USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH 20457 Hamburg Alter
Wall 22 HRB 72726 Veraenderungen 08.01.2009 In () gesetzte Angaben der Anschrift
und des Geschäftszweiges erfolgen ohne Gewähr. Veränderungen 08.01.2009 Blue
Capital USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH, Hamburg, Alter Wall 22, 20457
Hamburg.Geschäftsanschrift: Alter Wall 22, 20457 Hamburg. Prokura erloschen
Joester-von Samson, Jörg, Riemerling, *03.12.1969. Gesamtprokura gemeinsam mit
einem Geschäftsführer mit der Befugnis, im Namen der Gesellschaft mit sich im
eigenen Namen oder als Vertreter eines Dritten Rechtsgeschäfte abzuschließen:
Rohwedder, Ernst, München, *10.08.1961.

UPDATE: 6. März 2009


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Alter hopes to end long wait for title;
VOLLEYBALL

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 403 words


It's a quest that started a year ago and their determination has grown steadily,
match after match.

"Words cannot describe how much we want this," Alter senior outside hitter
Maddie Bazelak said.

"This" is a high school volleyball state title, and for the five Alter seniors
it's a long time coming.

The Knights have qualified to state the past five seasons but have yet to come
away with a championship. This marks the ninth trip to the Division II state
tournament in the past 13 years for Alter. In that time the Knights have earned
three championships - most recently in 2006 - and finished as runner-up three
times, including last year.

The OHSAA state tournament, in its 40th year, starts today at Wright State's
Ervin J. Nutter Center.

"This is pretty much all we can think about," middle hitter Jocelyn Meyer said.

Senior libero Melissa Beach agreed.

"Every year, we have been so close," Beach said. "It just makes us want it that
much more."

With the Knights, success, however, comes expectations.

"I definitely think there is a lot of pressure," senior outside hitter Madison
Hartings said. "We want it so much - we want it for each other."

Division III: The Versailles Tigers (26-1) are in the hunt for back-to-back
state titles. They will face Gilmour Academy (25-2), the team they edged in five
sets a year ago, in the semifinals today.

While the Tigers graduated all-district outside hitter Amanda Winner, they still
have plenty of firepower. Senior outside hitter Lauren Bruns, who will play for
the University of Dayton next year, leads the Tigers in kills and aces while
senior right-side hitter Christa Puthoff ranks second.

Division IV: While the first-time state qualifying Fort Lo-ramie Redskins are
final four rookies entering today's match against Cleveland Villa Angela-St.
Joseph, they are anything but unprepared.

The've battled some of the best teams in the state all season, including
Versailles.

"The level of competition in (the Shelby County League), and in this area, is
pretty amazing," Fort Loramie coach John Rodgers said.

The Redskins have eight seniors, including outside hitter Kelly Turner. She set
the school record for most kills in a season and career at 400 and 1,100,
respectively, and counting. Libero Janell Hoying holds the single-season dig
record at close to 1,000, and first-year setter Hallie Benanzer has more than
1,000 assists.

Contact this contributing writer at djuniewicz@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                   TRIVON AG;

                               Bahnhofstrasse 23
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  30. August 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406870117

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 24.09.2004
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  30. August 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Qualifizierte Tatbestände neu: Ordentliche
Kapitalerhöhung durch Verrechnung einer Forderung von USD 272'227.72, wofür
77'779 Namenaktien zu CHF 0.01 ausgegeben werden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Robert Pieter Blok
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St. Albans (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Alain Green
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Paris (FR)
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada


NAME:  Werner Eduard Klatten
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hamburg (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Carsten Philipson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Washington (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark


NAME:  lic.oec.HS Markus Christopher Tagger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Greppen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Alain Olivier Treuer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Rüschlikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Rüschlikon


NAME:  lic.oec. HSG Heinz Winzeler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Thayngen, Barzheim SH


NAME:  Charles Burdick
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  London (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Luigi Becchi
ORT:  Montecarlo
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.11.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alain Bern Green
ORT:  Paris (FR)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.11.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alisher Ali
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  New Jersey
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Lawrence David Corbett
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  John Bernard Hulme
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Barley Herts
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Boris Nemsic
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Dubai (AE)
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Oesterreich


NAME:  Kristoff Puelinckx
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Dubai (UAE)
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Belgien


NAME:  Robert Samuelson
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Kew (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Carla Stent
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Stanley Cramton
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Bonita Springs (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Istvan Andreas Kovacs
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  London
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ukraine

NAME:  Robert Charles Fonow
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Oak Hill
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften

   Erwerb, Halten und Veräusserung, sowohl mittelbar als auch unmittelbar, von
Beteiligungen an Telekommunikationsunternehmen, die (i) den überwiegenden Teil
ihre Vermögens oder ihrer Erträge in der Russischen Föderation halten bzw.
erwirtschaften und die den übrigen Teil ihres Vermögens und/oder ihrer Erträge
in anderen Staaten, in denen EBRD geschäftstätig ist, halten bzw.
erwirtschaften, oder (ii) ihr gesamtes Vermögen oder ihre gesamten Erträge in
der Russischen Föderation halten bzw. erwirtschaften; vollständige
Zweckumschreibung gemäss Statuten.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 0.74
2015                   CHF 0.74

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Dezember 1932
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 763'025.45
LIBIERUNG:  763'025.45 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  37'121'467
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Prioritätsaktien
ANZAHL:  39'181'078
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Juni 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 670'425.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 763'025.45

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. Mai 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 594'387.95
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 670'425.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Dezember 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 534'572.15
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 594'387.95


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. September 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 533'794.36
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 534'572.15


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. Oktober 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 460'604.54
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 533'794.36


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. September 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 274'841.48
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 460'604.54


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. Juli 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 27'484'148.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 274'841.48


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. August 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 26'193'148.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 27'484'148.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Juni 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 23'790'641.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 26'193'148.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. Oktober 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 19'199'993.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 23'790'641.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 16'157'668.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 19'199'993.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Juni 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 13'114'967.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 16'157'668.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. November 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'320'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 13'114'967.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Dezember 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'393'290.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'320'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Februar 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'802'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'353'290.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 23, 2008 Tuesday

Postponed games delay football ratings release

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 418 words


The fallout from last week's windstorm has hit high school football.

The release of this week's Associated Press state rankings will be delayed by
one day, to today, Sept. 23. That's because at least 70 games scheduled last
weekend still had not been played by Monday.

Eight games were scheduled for Columbus on Monday night, most involving Columbus
City League teams.

The storm also affected the release of the Harbin computer ratings. The initial
release was to have been last week. That has since been rescheduled for this
week, but only after all Week 5 games have been "completed, results reported and
the ratings calculated," according to a posting on the Ohio High School
Athletics Association Web site.

Although unnofficial, computer ratings have been posted and updated weekly on
the popular JoeEitel.com site.

Alter moves on

As the two forfeit losses dent Alter's otherwise perfect record, football coach
Ed Domsitz stressed the importance of staying positive.

He also addressed the improbable situation that led to the two forfeits dropping
Alter to 3-2 - a transfer student who repeated the same grade at Alter and
didn't play sports until becoming a third-stringer as a senior.

"If somebody wants to blame somebody, blame the head coach," Domsitz said. "I'm
the man in charge. But I never saw this coming.

"How do you prevent something you never contemplated? It is very difficult. I
hope (parents) come away feeling just as disappointed as the rest of us, but
that they're going to be a positive force in the rest of the season. We all have
a lot invested in this season."

Alter's safest route to the playoffs would be to win out and hope for the best.
The Knights' ability to host a first-round game is remote, which could lead to
something like a Coldwater-Alter rematch in the opening round.

Back on track

More than bragging rights are at stake when Springboro visits Warren County
border rival Lebanon Friday, Sept. 26.

The neighborhood showdown at VanDeGrift Stadium will have ramifications in the
Greater Western Ohio Conference South standings. 'Boro enters as the reigning
divisional champion.

The Panthers (2-3) are back on track with a two-game winning streak following a
tough 19-16 overtime loss to Piqua. Lebanon (3-2) has dropped two in a row to
Fairmont and Piqua. The matchup will pit GWOC statistics leaders Dusty Isaacs of
Lebanon (56-of-104 for 862 passing yards) and 'Boro's go-to back Antoin Campbell
(league-leading 771 all-purpose yards).

Compiled by Mark Gokavi, Ron Jackson, Marc Pendleton

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                               Agenus Schweiz AG;

                             Hochbergerstrasse 60C
                                   Basel 4057
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  8. August 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Basel

DATUM:  16. Juli 2007
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Maulbeerstr. 60, Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schwarzwaldalle 215, Basel


DATUM:  5. Juni 2007
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Schwarzwaldalle 215, Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Maulbeerstr. 60, Basel


DATUM:  27. Januar 2006
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Klingelbergstrasse 50, Basel
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schwarzwaldalle 215, Basel

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0616332260
TELEFAX: 0616332261
INTERNET: www.4-antibody.com
E-MAIL: info@4-antibody.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406807046

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 2002
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 19.12.2002
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 40


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  13. Januar 2017
 WEITERER STANDORT: Jena, Deutschland
PERSONAL: je rund 20 Mitarbeiter in der Schweiz und in Deutschland

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Christine Klaskin
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Monroe Township (NJ/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Andreas Rötheli
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Chêne-Bougeries
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hägendorf


NAME:  Garo H Armen
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Manhasset (NY/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Daniel Jan Ellens
ORT:  Milken
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. (Vizepräsident) Gem. HR-Publikation vom
02.05.2007 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Martin Münchbach
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.03.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr. Joachim Theye
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.05.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Mark Wegter
ORT:  München
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.05.2007 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Shahzad Malik
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  High Barnet
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Georg Friedrich Melchers
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Grenzach-Wyhlen
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Raj Parekh
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Londres
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Erich Rauschenbusch
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Stuttgart (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Gerhard Ries
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Nenzlingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Dr. Joachim Rothe
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  München (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Thomas von Rüden
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Gräfelfing (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Mark Wegter
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Amsterdam (NL)
LAND:  Niederlande
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland


NAME:  Max M. Burger
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Bottmingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Freienwil, Zürich



GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  Robert Burns
STELLUNG:  Geschäftsführer
ORT:  Oxford
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Sijmen De Vries
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Nunningen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 03.11.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ulf Grawunder
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hersberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Richard Mason
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Fowlmere (Royston)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 20.05.2009 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  Dirk Haasner
ORT:  West Paterson
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
08.03.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

NAME:  Fritz Melchers
ORT:  Grenzach
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Gesellschafter. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
08.03.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Melanie Schmid
ORT:  Reinach BL
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Reinach BL, deutsche Staatsange

NAME:  Marcus van Dijk
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland


NAME:  Philipp Zuber
ORT:  Reinach BL
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Günsberg

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Herstellung und Vertrieb von Antikörpern für therapeutische Anwedung.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
26600 - Herstellung von Bestrahlungs- und Elektrotherapiegeräten und el
46460 - Grosshandel mit medizinischen, chirurgischen und orthopädischen
72110 - Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Biotechnologie

   Die Gesellschaft bezweckt die Entdeckung, die Erforschung, die Entwicklung,
die Herstellung und den Vertrieb von pharmazeutischen und diagnostischen
Produkten sowie die Erbringung von Dienstleistungen die damit in Zusammenhang
stehen. Die Gesellschaft kann sich an anderen Unternehmen beteiligen sowie im
In- und Ausland Zweigniederlassungen und Tochtergesellschaften errichten. Die
Gesellschaft kann ausserdem alle kommerziellen, vertraglichen und finanziellen
Geschäfte abschliessen und Vereinbarungen eingehen, die direkt oder indirekt dem
Gesellschaftszweck dienen oder in direktem Zusammenhang damit stehen. Die
Gesellschaft kann Sicherheiten stellen und Garantien abgeben, einschliesslich
zum direkten und indirekten Nutzen von Gruppengesellschaften, sowie Darlehen
aufnehmen und geben, einschliesslich von und zugunsten von
Gruppengesellschaften.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 28.00
2015                  CHF 30.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00

NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum am Domizil
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'139'112.00
LIBIERUNG:  1139112 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  1'139'112
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. November 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 693'371.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'068'366.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Januar 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 354'803.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 693'371.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. November 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 351'203.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 354'803.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Juli 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 178'842.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 351'203.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  28. Dezember 2005
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 152'215.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 178'842.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  30. Dezember 2016
ALTES DOMIZIL:  4-Antibody AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Agenus Schweiz AG

DATUM:  8. März 2004
ALTES DOMIZIL:  4-Antibody GmbH
NEUES DOMIZIL:  4-Antibody AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                Télésonique SA;

                              Wolleraustrasse 15 M
                                Freienbach 8807
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. November 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Bäch SZ
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Freienbach

DATUM:  16. Dezember 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Genève
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bäch SZ


DATUM:  29. März 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Genève, rue du Zürich 41
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Genève, rue Jean-Antoine Gautier


DATUM:  3. Juli 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Meyrin
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Genève


DATUM:  12. November 1998
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Genève,rue Micheli du Crest 20
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Meyrin, ch. de Pré-Bois 20

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0225050800
TELEFAX: 0225050899
INTERNET: www.telesonique.ch
E-MAIL: info@telesonique.ch

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406652089

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 12.05.1998
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  23. November 2016
 CLIENTÈLE: privés, entreprises, opérateurs
AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
RAYON D'ACTIVITÉ: mondial
BETEILIGUNG(EN): es bestehen keine
ZWEIGNIEDERL.: es bestehen keine

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Nasser Fahim Labib Bessada
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Freienbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten

NAME:  Camille Saadé
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Beyrouth
LAND:  Liberia
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu dreien
NATIONALITÄT:  Libanon


NAME:  Adel Fahim Labib
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Freienbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  préc. président


NAME:  Paul Cuanillon
ORT:  Thônex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  VullylesLacs, Constantine
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.09.2004 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 06.04.2005 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Daniela Palmisano
ORT:  Bachenbülach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  QuartenOberterzen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.04.2005 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 01.12.2006 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Daniel Schütz
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wohlen bei Bern
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 12.09.2000 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 16.09.2004 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Olivier Stuecklin
ORT:  Laconnex
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  PlanlesOuates, Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.05.2000 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Ibrahim Alkarboush
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Riad
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu dreien
NATIONALITÄT:  Vereinigte arabische Emirate


NAME:  Rolf Müller
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu dreien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Mosnang SG, Zuzwil SG



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Adel Fahim Labib
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Freienbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  préc. président

LIQUIDATOR:
NAME:  François Callegaro
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als LiquidatorIn. (préc. membre) Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 23.12.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

ZWEIGNIEDERL.:
NAME:  TELESONIQUE SA Succursale
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  17. Dezember 2002

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Télésonique est un opérateur télécom indépendant.   La société offre toute
une palette de services de télécommunication aux particuliers, entreprises et
organisations. De plus, elle propose ses services avancés aux autres
opérateurs en télécommunication.
Elle détient une licence délivrée par
l'Office Fédéral de la Communication.  TELESONIQUE offre une gamme complète
de services : télé- phonie fixe pour les appels en Suisse et partout dans le
monde, appels internationaux depuis téléphones mobiles, cartes téléphoniques
à pré-paiement et accès Internet.
Cette société en laquelle personne ne
croyait est non seulement florissante, mais à reçu en septembre 2003, le prix
"Entrepreneur of the Year" dans la catégorie start-up, décerné par Ernst &
Young.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Rückläufiger Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
61100 - Leitungsgebundene Telekommunikation
J - INFORMATION UND KOMMUNIKATION

   Die Gesellschaft bezweckt im In- und Ausland Internet, E-Commerce,
Informatik, Telekommunikation, damit zusammenhängende Produkte und
Dienstleistungen sowie den Handel mit Waren aller Art anzubieten; sie kann sich
an andern Gesellschaften beteiligen und Grundstücke erwerben. Die Gesellschaft
kann Zweigniederlassungen und Tochtergesellschaften im In- und Ausland errichten
und sich an anderen Unternehmen im In- und Ausland beteiligen sowie alle
Geschäfte tätigen, die direkt oder indirekt mit ihrem Zweck in Zusammenhang
stehen. Die Gesellschaft kann im In- und Ausland Grundeigentum erwerben,
belasten, veräussern und verwalten. Sie kann auch Finanzierungen für eigene oder
fremde Rechnung vornehmen sowie Garantien und Bürgschaften für
Tochtergesellschaften und Dritte eingehen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.90
2015                   CHF 2.00
2014                   CHF 2.00
2013                   CHF 2.00
2010                   CHF 2.00
2004                  CHF 32.00
2002                  CHF 30.09
2001                  CHF 20.31

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe. Neuere Umsatzzahlen werden nicht
veröffentlicht.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Sustainable Ventures Holding AG (SVH)
ORT:  Meyrin
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. Mai 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Lachen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  20. Mai 1999

NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.01.2005 Zweigniederlassung Zurich


NAME:  Ernst & Young SA
ORT:  Lancy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. Januar 1999


NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zurich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00


NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 09.07.2003
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Rue J.-Antoine Gautier 9-11, 120
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  100'000'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. September 2001
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 0.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. September 2001
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 0.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Dezember 1998
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Nachlib.
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 760'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. November 1998
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Nachlib.
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 760'000.00
BEMERKUNG ZU KAPITALÄNDERUNG:  réduction par suite de pertes et annulation des
100'000 actions de SFr. 10.-


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  3. Juli 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  TELESONIQUE SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Télésonique SA

DATUM:  28. Januar 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  TELESONIQUE SA en liquidation
NEUES DOMIZIL:  TELESONIQUE SA


DATUM:  10. Dezember 2008
ALTES DOMIZIL:  TELESONIQUE SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  TELESONIQUE SA en liquidation

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2010 Dumrath & Fassnacht KG (GmbH & Co.)
                              All Rights Reserved

                                   DufaIndex

                                  7. Mai 2010

                  Shopping USA GmbH & Co. Erste Immobilien KG

                                 Alter Wall 22
                                 Hamburg 20457
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
HR-NUMMER: HRA 96894

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSFORM: Kommanditgesellschaft
FIRMENART: Handelsregister
VEROEFFENTL-ART:
Registerliche Zuordnung

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *
GERICHT: 20355 Hamburg

20355 Hamburg Shopping USA GmbH & Co. Erste Immobilien KG 20457 Hamburg Alter
Wall 22 HRA 96894 Veraenderungen 18.05.2010 In () gesetzte Angaben der Anschrift
und des Geschäftszweiges erfolgen ohne Gewähr. Veränderungen 18.05.2010 Shopping
USA GmbH & Co. Erste Immobilien KG, Hamburg, Alter Wall 22, 20457
Hamburg.Geschäftsanschrift: Alter Wall 22, 20457 Hamburg.

UPDATE: 20. Mai 2010


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                            February 17, 2012 Friday

Lane change results in crash, suit

BYLINE: David Yates

LENGTH: 150 words


Alleging a sudden lane change forced him to crash into a concrete barrier,
Marcus Ross has filed suit against Carly Alter for injuries he received in the
collision. The suit was filed Feb. 13 in Jefferson County District Court.
According to the lawsuit, on Dec. 17 Ross was traveling east on the inside lane
of Interstate 10 when Alter suddenly changed lanes, causing him to crash into a
concrete barrier. Because of Alter's alleged negligence, Ross totaled his
vehicle and suffered injuries. The suit alleges Alter negligently failed to keep
a proper lookout and made a lane change when it was unsafe. The plaintiff is
suing for his alleged past and future medical expenses, mental anguish, pain,
impairment, disfigurement and lost wages, plus all court costs. Houston attorney
Derrick Parker represents him. Judge Donald Floyd, 172nd District Court, is
assigned to the case. <em>Case No. E191-946</em>

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday

Mangold prepared for 'biggest day of her life';
Alter grad competes Sunday for spot on U.S. weightlifting team.;
OLYMPICS

BYLINE: By Sean McClelland

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 272 words


Holley Mangold is focused.

"I've been turning down interviews all week," the normally accessible Olympic
weightlifting hopeful said Thursday from her Columbus home.

No surprise, really. As her dad, Vern Mangold, put it, "This is the biggest day
of her life."

The 22-year-old former Alter High School football player competes Sunday at the
Greater Columbus Convention Center for a chance to represent the United States
in London this summer. The Olympic weightlifting trials are part of the Arnold
Sports Festival, a 45-sport extravaganza named for famed
bodybuilder/actor/politician Arnold Schwarzenegger, and scheduled to attract
18,000 athletes from more than 80 countries.

Mangold, who grew up in Centerville and will be among 15 competing for two
spots, is no stranger to spectacle - or publicity. The 5-foot-8, 340-pound
sister of New York Jets center Nick Mangold (Alter, Ohio State) has been a
national media darling since high school when, as an offensive lineman, she
became the first girl to play on a state championship team.

But the road to this point has not always been smooth.

At the 2010 American Open in Cincinnati, Mangold failed to complete all her
lifts in a competition that would have helped her reach her Olympic goal sooner.
Worse, the event was part of MTV's "True Life" reality series.

After recovering from that disappointment and also from knee surgery, Mangold
set career bests at last year's Arnold. Now it's just about seizing the moment.

The Arnold, held in Columbus since 1989, is billed as the largest multi-sport
event in the nation.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2408 or smcclelland @DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 22, 2010 Thursday

Scholarship to honor father, daughter killed in plane crash

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: MIAMISBURG WEST CARROLLTON MORAINE WAYNESVILLE AND LEBANON; Pg. RG13

LENGTH: 385 words


Still numb with grief, just a day after the tragic accident, friends of the
Hausfeld family were already brainstorming ways to honor the lives of Tom and
Kacie Hausfeld.

The Springboro father and daughter were killed in a plane crash shortly after
takeoff April 1 at Dayton-Wright Brothers Airport. They are survived by Tom's
wife Lori and Kacie's older sister, Ali.

"There were conversations going on in several different circles at the same
time," said Alter volleyball coach Tina Jasinowski. "There were a lot of people
who felt strongly about starting a scholarship fund in their name."

Just a few days later, the fund was in place with the Dayton Foundation. It will
be awarded annually to a graduating Alter High School senior. Specific criteria
for the scholarship will be determined at a later date by the family and the
first recipient will, most likely, be awarded in 2011.

Kacie and Ali were both Alter graduates, in 2007 and 2004, respectively. Both
played for the Knights volleyball team, helping Alter win three state
championships, 2002, 2003 and 2006. Kacie was a University of Dayton junior
education major and a starter on the Flyers volleyball team.

"Tom and Kacie were both very devoted to volleyball and education, so a
scholarship was the logical way to keep their memory alive," family friend Toni
Jasper said. "And you don't want to see anyone forget them. They meant so much
to so many people."

Establishing the fund will help future Alter graduates and it's already helping
those close to the Hausfeld family deal with their loss.

"To be doing something to honor their memory, really helps," Jasinowski said.

But the scholarship fund is just one of several ways the Alter community will
remember the Hausfelds. The girls' volleyball team will host the Kacie and Tom
Hausfeld Legacy Match on Sept. 2 at Trent Arena with all proceeds from the match
being donated to the scholarship fund. The Knights will play host to perennial
rival Tippecanoe that night.

"We were supposed to play at Tipp this year but, because Pat Carus (Tipp coach)
really wanted to be involved in honoring Tom and Kacie, they decided to move the
match to Kettering," Jasinowski said.

The Knights will retire Kacie's No. 14, which she wore at Alter and UD, at that
match. Ali wore the same number when she played for the Knights.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

Texas: Variety Of Art Showcased In 2015-16 Wright Gallery Season

LENGTH: 289 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: Texas A&M at Galveston University, The State of Texas has issued the
following news release:





 Between now and next summer, Texas A&M Wright Gallery patrons will experience a
room-sized architectural installation, art protesting sexism in the art world,
and exhibits featuring award-winning residential home designs and Texas
landscape photography.



 The gallery is located in the College of Architecture on the second floor of
the Langford Architecture Center's Building A.



 FALL 2015 EXHIBIT



 &ldquo;Six Houses&rdquo;



 By Kevin Alter, alterstudio



 Oct. 26 - Jan. 19



 The Wright Gallery is now displaying &ldquo;Six Houses,&rdquo; an exhibit that
shows how Kevin Alter, principal of alterstudio, an award-winning Austin design
firm, approaches opportunities and problems presented by single-family residence
projects.



 &ldquo;The exhibit will consist of photographs, drawings, models and
construction documents that demonstrate compelling strategies for the
single-family home,&rdquo; said Alter.



 He also teaches design, construction and theory courses at the University of
Texas at Austin, where he is the Sid W. Richardson Centennial Professor of
Architecture, director of the university's summer academy in architecture, and
associate director of the Center for American Architecture.



 Alter has edited 12 books and written articles published in Architecture,
Progressive Architecture, and Architectural Design magazines.



 He has also curated exhibitions in numerous international venues and has been a
visiting critic, reviewer, lecturer and visiting professor at dozens of
institutions around the world.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           October 16, 2002 Wednesday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

Bulldogs turn in lackluster performance in weekend meet

BYLINE: Andrew Mikula Staff Writer

SECTION: C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 370  words

DATELINE: PALM COAST


Flagler Palm Coast didn't have one its most impressive cross country meets
Saturday at the Deja-vu Classic. And Coach Peter Hopfe is not in a mood for
excuses.

The Bulldog harriers placed eighth in a field of 12 teams without No. 1 runner
Sammy Vazquez and No. 3 man, co-captain Jon Alter. Vazquez was taking the SAT
and Alter ran in the junior varsity event because he has been fighting sore calf
muscles.

Hopfe said the absence of two starters was no excuse for a lackluster
performance. It was a showcase meet, run on the Florida Community
College-Jacksonville's North Campus, the site of nine state cross country meets
in the 1990s.

"We got our butts beat by Ocala Vanguard, which isn't even ranked and tied by
the Wolfpack (Jacksonville Wolfson)," Hopfe said. "Ridiculous."

Although by and large unhappy with the team performance, Hopfe did like the
effort of senior Brandon Anderson and the freshmen squad, which placed fourth in
its race.

Anderson, known as "The Hunter" by his teammates because of his knack for
picking off runners ahead of him, ran 16:04 for 16th place. To put the time in
perspective, only four former Bulldog harriers, Jerry Reckart, Chris Batista and
Matt and Mike Cianciulli, have faster times on the same course.

The freshmen team gave a good effort, led by Sean Robertson, who ran 19:49.

Hopfe admitted it was a tough field in the varsity race.

The current No. 1 ranked teams in all four classifications, including Class 3A
FPC (197 team points) participated (Winter Park, Bishop Kenny and Tallahassee
Maclay are No. 1 ranked in Classes 4A, 2A and A respectively) and nine of the 12
teams are ranked in the top five of their classes.

Meet winner Bishop Kenny (73 points) is ranked nationally, but was challenged by
Tallahassee Chiles, only one point behind the Crusaders. Winter Park finished
with 80 points.

Defending Class 3A state champion Steven Hassen of Ocala Vanguard was the
individual winner, taking the 5K race in 15:04.

Sophomore Clint Bentley was second on the Bulldogs with 16:58 and 37th place.
Bryan Anderson (40) at 17:01; Chris Welter (47) at 17:10 and Marvin Moore (52)
at 17:23 rounded out the scoring for the Bulldogs. Of those three, Hopfe said
Welter stepped up to run a solid race.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

Patriot adds 3 to top positions

BYLINE: Public Opinion Online

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 279 words


CHAMBERSBURG -- Three executives have been hired to fill new key leadership
roles at Patriot Federal Credit Union.

Mark Sollenberger was appointed to the position of chief financial officer. He
brings more than 32 years of experience in the financial industry, working 26 of
those years for Johnstown Bank & Trust Co.

He served as the EVP of corporate strategy for the $2.5 billion organization.
Sollenberger attended Shippensburg University with an academic scholarship from
The Beistle Co., and earned an executive MBA from Indiana University of
Pennsylvania.

Shirley K. Alters was appointed to the position of chief operating officer.
Alters brings 21 years of financial experience to Patriot. She had been
previously employed by First Columbia Bank & Trust Co., Bloomsburg.

While at First Columbia, she served as CFO for 12 years and served as acting
president for one year. She is a graduate of Wilkes University and graduated
with honors from PBA Advanced School of Banking, the three-year banking school
sponsored by the Pennsylvania Banking Association at Bucknell University.

Mike Kenzie was appointed to the position of chief administrative officer.
Kenzie has more than thirteen years of information technology consulting and
business management experience, working most recently as a small and medium
business network services manager for Global Data Consultants.

Kenzie has served in the 75th Ranger Regiment of the U.S. Army, making two
combat deployments to Afghanistan and one to Iraq. He earned a bachelor's degree
in business administration from Central Michigan University and a master of
science degree in information systems from eastern Michigan University.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike Kenzie
Shirley K. Alters
Mark Sollenberger

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

Knights earn shot at 4th state championship;
Another power falls as Alter edges Mansfield Madison.

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 342 words


FAIRBORN - Alter coach Tina Jasinowski had just two words to say to the Knights
after their semifinal match Thursday:

"One more."

The Knights edged second-ranked Mansfield Madison 24-26, 25-21, 25-17, 25-23 in
the Division II state volleyball semifinals at the Nutter Center. It was the
second state power the Knights have dispensed with in the past week as Alter
eliminated top-ranked Cincinnati Wyoming in the regionals. Alter, now 19-9, is
one win from a fourth state title.

The Knights were anticipating a big attack from the Rams' Dakia Sellers, but the
senior was largely quiet in the first set. Meanwhile, the young Alter players
were dealing with the nervousness of their first state match and the seniors
were dealing with the pressure of knowing it was their last chance to win a
title.

"Once we won the second set, we got into a little bit of a comfort zone,"
Jasinowski said. "We settled into what we wanted to do."

Senior Megan Courtney paced the Knights' with a match-leading 22 kills and 19
digs. The setter/ outside hitter also had 19 assists, while sophomore setter
Mary Rodehaver had 22. But there were strong performances across the board by
the Knights in their semifinal match.

"Our secondary kids were coming up with big things for us," Jasinowski said. "If
you only rely on your top kids, or your big kids, you might not be where we are
now."

Freshman outside hitter Mad-die Bazelak and sophomore middle hitter Natalie
Seiler proved to be key players for the Knights. Bazelak was second to Courtney
with nine kills, including the one that clinched the second set.

"Who would have thought that the big swings toward the end would come from a
freshman," Jasinowski said.

Seiler did her part to stifle the Rams with a big block. The middle hitter had a
match-leading nine blocks on the night.

Next up for Alter is Columbus Bishop Hartley (23-5). The Hawks, making their
fourth state appearance in the past five seasons, edged Cleveland Heights
Beaumont 22-25, 29-27, 25-22, 25-22 in the semifinals.

The D-II final gets under way at 1 p.m. Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Libero Kelsey McGraw and the Alter bench celebrate their victory over
Mansfield Madison in a Division II state semifinal Thursday at the Nutter Center
in Fairborn. CONTRIBUTED PHOTO BY E.L. HUBBARD

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

               Canadean - Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                December 5, 2013

                               Royal Wessanen nv

                     Atlas Arena Amsterdam - Azie building
                           Amsterdam Zuidoost 1101 BA
                                  Netherlands

* * * * * * * * * * MERGERS & ACQUISITION AND PARTNERSHIPS * * * * * * * * * *


DEAL TITLE:  Royal Wessanen acquires France Alter Eco
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  4/26/2013 12:00:00 AM
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Royal Wessanen nv, a Dutch producer of food, frozen snacks,
cocktail mixers and fruit drinks, has acquired France Alter Eco, a French
chocolates, coffee, tea and juices distributor, from a group of private
investors. Following the transaction, France Alter Eco becomes part of
Distriborg, Wessanen's French operations. Deal History: On April 26, 2013, Royal
Wessanen entered into an agreement to acquire France Alter Eco from private
investors.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:
COMPANY NAME:  France Alter Eco
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  France Alter Eco is engaged in organic and fair trade
products such as chocolate, coffee, tea and juices. It market its products under
the brand Alter Eco to grocery, independent stores and out-of-home channels.
COMPANY NAME:  France Alter Eco
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  France Alter Eco is engaged in organic and fair trade
products such as chocolate, coffee, tea and juices. It market its products under
the brand Alter Eco to grocery, independent stores and out-of-home channels.


DEAL TITLE:  Royal Wessanen acquires 35.9% stake in Favory Convenience Food
Group
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Minority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Minority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  7/23/2012 12:00:00 AM
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Royal Wessanen nv, an organic foods, frozen snacks, fruit drinks
and cocktail mixers producer, has acquired a 35.9% minority stake in Favory
Convenience Food Group B.V., a food products producer and distributor, from Rabo
Capital, a buy-out group of Rabo Private Equity, for a consideration of EUR5
million (US$6.07 million). All companies involved in the transaction are based
in the Netherlands.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:
COMPANY NAME:  Favory Convenience Food Group B.V.
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Favory Convenience Food Group B.V. is a food products
producer and distributor based in the Netherlands.
COMPANY NAME:  Favory Convenience Food Group B.V.
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Favory Convenience Food Group B.V. is a food products
producer and distributor based in the Netherlands.


DEAL TITLE:  Royal Wessanen to sell American Beverage
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Announced
ANNOUNCED DATE:  6/26/2012 12:00:00 AM
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Royal Wessanen nv, an organic foods, frozen snacks, fruit drinks
and cocktail mixers producer based in the Netherlands, has agreed to sell
American Beverage Corporation (ABC), a ready to drink cocktails, non-alcoholic
cocktail mixers and fruit drinks manufacturer based in the US. The transaction
is expected to be finalized in the fourth quarter of 2012.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:
COMPANY NAME:  American Beverage Corporation
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  American Beverage Corporation (ABC) is a beverages
manufacturer and distributor based in the US. The company offers ready to drink
cocktails, non-alcoholic cocktail mixers and fruit drinks. Its fruit drinks are
available in various flavors such as grape, orange, blue and blue raspberry,
lemon lime and fruit punch, kiwi strawberry, island punch, concord grape, iced
tea, alpine freeze, lemonade, orchard chill and citrus punch. ABC also produces
alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. The company markets its products under
various brand names which include GUZZLER, Hugs, Big Burst, DAILY'S COCKTAILS,
BIG HUG, Glacial Ice and Fruit Stand, among others. It caters its products to
grocery, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs and convenience stores. The company
operates as a subsidiary of Wessanen USA, Inc. ABC is headquartered in Verona,
Pennsylvania, the US.
COMPANY NAME:  American Beverage Corporation
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  American Beverage Corporation (ABC) is a beverages
manufacturer and distributor based in the US. The company offers ready to drink
cocktails, non-alcoholic cocktail mixers and fruit drinks. Its fruit drinks are
available in various flavors such as grape, orange, blue and blue raspberry,
lemon lime and fruit punch, kiwi strawberry, island punch, concord grape, iced
tea, alpine freeze, lemonade, orchard chill and citrus punch. ABC also produces
alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. The company markets its products under
various brand names which include GUZZLER, Hugs, Big Burst, DAILY'S COCKTAILS,
BIG HUG, Glacial Ice and Fruit Stand, among others. It caters its products to
grocery, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs and convenience stores. The company
operates as a subsidiary of Wessanen USA, Inc. ABC is headquartered in Verona,
Pennsylvania, the US.


DEAL TITLE:  Wessanen sells Kalisterra to local entrepreneur
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Majority Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  7/12/2011 12:00:00 AM
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Royal Wessanen nv, a Netherlands-based developer and distributor
of grocery and health food products, has divested its French business
Kalisterra, a distribution company selling food supplements to pharmacies, to a
Dutch entrepreneur. Kalisterra is a part of Wessanen Europe Health Food Stores
(HFS). Deal History: On July 12, 2011, Wessanen announced that it had reached an
agreement to sale its French business Kalisterra to a local entrepreneur.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:
COMPANY NAME:  Kalisterra
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Kalisterra is a French distribution company.
COMPANY NAME:  Kalisterra
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Kalisterra is a French distribution company.


DEAL TITLE:  Royal Wessanen sells Tree of Life to Kehe Food
DEAL TYPE:  Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  100% Acquisition
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  100% Acquisition
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  12/23/2009 12:00:00 AM
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Koninklijke Wessanen NV (Royal Wessanen NV), a Netherland based
developer marketer and distributor of specialty food products, completed the
sale of Tree of Life, Inc., a distributor of food, to Kehe Food Distributors,
Inc., a food distributor. The company will receive approximately $190 million in
cash as a purchase consideration for the deal. The sale includes all
subsidiaries related to Tree of Life but excludes Panos Brands LLC. However, the
completion of this transaction is subject to approval by Wessanen's
shareholders, receipt of regulatory approvals, receipt of financing and other
customary conditions. The company will utilize the proceeds from the issue to
reduce its debts and strengthen its balance sheet to support growth of its
European businesses.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:
COMPANY NAME:  Kehe Food Distributors, Inc.
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Acquirer
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Kehe Food Distributors, Inc. is a distributor of food
products to retail grocery stores in the United States, Mexico, and the
Caribbean. It provides natural and organic, deli/dairy and perishable, kosher,
gourmet and specialty, ethnic/international, and Latin American food products.
COMPANY NAME:  Kehe Food Distributors, Inc.
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Acquirer
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Kehe Food Distributors, Inc. is a distributor of food
products to retail grocery stores in the United States, Mexico, and the
Caribbean. It provides natural and organic, deli/dairy and perishable, kosher,
gourmet and specialty, ethnic/international, and Latin American food products.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

For Chicago Sky's new head coach, the dream gets real

BYLINE: By Patricia Babcock McGraw pbabcock@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 799 words


At age 39, Amber Stocks knows she's ready to be a basketball head coach. After
all, she has been dreaming of this moment since she was 9.

"I knew when I was in fourth grade that I wanted to be a basketball coach,"
Stocks said. "Basketball is a huge part of my family. There are coaches in my
family. My dad was a coach, my brother. It's just something I grew up around. I
knew early on that I wanted to coach basketball ... not just for fun, but as a
profession."

On Tuesday, Stocks, who grew up in Ohio and is one of four siblings who all
played college basketball, was named the new head coach of the Chicago Sky.
Although she has not been a head coach at any level, she was an assistant coach
for the Los Angeles Sparks, which won the 2016 WNBA championship.

Sky owner Michael Alter acknowledges there is a risk to hiring someone at the
professional level without head coaching experience.

"Amber was not very high on our list of candidates when we started looking,"
Alter said. "But every time we talked, our interested in her got stronger. We
were impressed with her keen basketball knowledge and her youthful energy and
positive approach.

"Any time you hire someone new, it's a risk, but with Amber we became very
comfortable with that risk."

Perhaps that's because Stocks can be so convincing. She says, without
hesitation, that readiness is a nonissue.

"I've known for a while that I've been ready to be a head coach. Just because I
haven't been one yet, doesn't mean that I haven't been ready or that I haven't
had opportunities. I have had opportunities in the past. They just weren't the
right fit. When this opportunity came up, I felt it was the perfect fit."

For starters, it's the perfect scenario for her family. Stocks will move her two
sons, LJ (9) and Spencer (6) to Chicago, which will put them about halfway
between both sets of grandparents, who live in Madison, Wis., and Indianapolis,
respectively. And there are other relatives in Chicago.

"Getting to move back to the Midwest and closer to family was a huge part of the
allure for me," Stocks said. "My kids are excited, and they get what this is all
about. This is the life they've grown up in.

"They eat lunch on the court, they do their homework on the court, they've
learned to run the scoreboard and pump up the balls. They both love basketball."

Stocks also loves the opportunity to coach a player of the caliber of the Sky's
Elena Delle Donne, the 2015 WNBA most valuable player.

"Elena is such a phenomenal talent," Stocks said. "Getting to coach talented
players like her who have such a special feel for the game is so fun for a
coach. Elena has such special qualities, and so does Cappie (Pondexter) and
Courtney (Vandersloot). I want to empower big-time players like them to make
big-time plays."

Stocks says she will draw on her love for chess to strategize ways to put
players in the best position for success. Chess, she says, has helped her become
a more analytical coach.

"I like the chess of basketball, the game-by-game strategy," Stocks said. "I
like the analytics, the stats, analyzing film. I joke that my happy place isn't
by the pool, it's sitting down watching film on my laptop. I'm very much a
student of the game."

One of her favorite things is talking hoops with everyone from the father of her
sons, James Whitford (head men's basketball coach at Ball State), to some of her
most influential mentors in the women's game: Tennessee head coach Holly
Warlick, Ohio State's Kevin McGuff, LSU assistant Mickie DeMoss, Duke assistant
Al Brown and former Cincinnati coach Laurie Pirtle, Stocks' college coach.

"I've picked up something from every coach," said Stocks, who worked for two
years under the late Pat Summitt, Tennessee's legendary coach. "I can talk X's
and O's all day with guys like Al Brown and Kevin McGuff. But I also think I'm a
players' coach. I think I learned a lot about dealing with players off the court
from Pat Summitt that I hope will carry over now."

Stocks, a 5-foot-11 small forward at Cincinnati, set some records for 3-pointers
in college and had the opportunity to go overseas after graduation and play in
Spain. At the same time, she got the opportunity to join Summitt's staff.

"I figured, so many people get the opportunity to play overseas," Stocks said.
"Not many people get the chance to learn from Pat Summitt. I knew I wanted to be
a coach, so I hung up my high-tops and grabbed a whistle and headed to
Tennessee.

"I'm so glad I did. I learned so much. It was the best decision I ever made."

Stocks hopes her most recent decision will be just as good.

* Patricia Babcock McGraw also works as a basketball color analyst for games
involving DePaul University, the Big Ten, the Big East, Northern Illinois
University, Chicago Sky and the IHSA. Follow her on Twitter@BabcockMcGraw.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo courtesy of Randy Belice/NBAE via Getty Images After two seasons
as an assistant with the Los Angeles Sparks, Amber Stocks is now the new general
manager and head coach of the Chicago Sky. Photo courtesy of Randy Belice/NBAE
via Getty Images After two seasons as an assistant with the Los Angeles Sparks,
Amber Stocks is the new general manager and head coach of the Chicago Sky. After
two seasons as an assistant with the Los Angeles Sparks, Amber Stocks is now the
new general manager and head coach of the Chicago Sky.Photo courtesy of Randy
Belice/NBAE via Getty Images Chicago Sky owner Michael Alter, right, says he was
impressed with the basketball knowledge, energy and positive approach that Amber
Stocks, left, offers as the new head coach and general manager of the Sky.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 8, 2009 Sunday

Alter rolls in first round

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 202 words


Jonathan Alder High School coach Steve Coate put it like this after watching
Alter destroy his team 42-0 in the first round of the Division IV state football
playoffs Saturday, Nov. 7:

"They're the defending state champions, and you don't get to be defending state
champions by accident."

The Knights left nothing to chance, rolling up 494 yards of total offense to
Alder's 98. Late in the third quarter, Alter's points exceeded Alder's yards.

No luck in Cincy

Wayne and Centerville dropped Division I first-round football playoff games to
traditional Cincinnati powerhouses Elder and St. Xavier, respectively.

"They just handled us," Wayne coach Jay Minton lamented after a 35-14
seasonending setback. "That was it."

Centerville girls win

Two years ago, Centerville's girls soccer team lost in a regional semifinal.
Last season ended one round later.

The Elks took another step Saturday, rallying with two late goals for a 2-1
victory over Wayne that delivered them into the state semifinals.

* The Carroll boys, last year's Division II state champions, won't get to defend
their soccer crown after losing to Columbus Bexley 5-3 in the regional final,
but Beavercreek repeated as regional champ in D-I, beating Lakota West.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Centerville's Chelsea Marcum heads the ball during a Division I
regional final soccer match Saturday, Nov. 7. Staff photo by Chris Stewart

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday

Alter girls golf team joins boys at state;
The squads will vie for Division II titles on adjoining OSU courses on the same
days for the first time.

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: CENTERVILLE AND WASHINGTON TWP; Pg. RH-8

LENGTH: 540 words


KETTERING - Going to the state Division II golf tournament is almost considered
part the regular season for the boys team at Alter High School.

They've made the trip to Columbus 17 times, with state champions in 1992, '93,
'98 and '99.

Last year, they finished eighth at state. This season, they are hoping for a
higher place in the D-II gathering Friday and Saturday, Oct. 10-11, on the Ohio
State Scarlet course.

What is different this trip is that the Alter girls golf team will be competing
for first time in the first D-II girls tournament on the adjoining OSU Gray
course on the same days.

Both teams are made up of players from throughout the South suburbs.

In the past, there has only been one division for girls. Alter, which had sent
Lynn Grunkemeyer and Kathleen Glavin to state as individuals, never qualified as
a team.

"It's a pretty exciting time around here," Athletic Director Chris Hart said.
"The guys have that mindset it's a bad season if they don't get to state.

"We had no idea what to think about the girls because of the splitting into two
divisions. But I hope they develop the same attitude as the guys."

The Alter girls were second in the district with a 361 team score. Tippecanoe
won it at 353 while Graham was third at 364.

"I have no feel of where we fit into the mix at state," said girls coach Doug
Orange. "I don't think any D-II girls coach at state does. Scores vary so much
from course to course and the competition is different. Plus when you get to
state, the weather can be cold and rainy and kids aren't used to playing 18
holes on back-toback days under pressure conditions.

"I feel good that we were the only team at the sectional or district that didn't
have a player at 100 or higher. If we could have four scores in the 80s both
days, I'd hope we'd be in the running."

Junior Grace Nikolai has been the Knights most consistent player, averaging 42.0
per nine holes. She shot at 86 in the district meet as did sophomore Kelsey
Auditore, who has taken 10 strokes off her game in the last year.

Seniors Julie Stoermer, Nikki Brown and Emily Kaylor complete the squad. Brown
shot a 93 at district, Kaylor a 94 and Stoermer at 98.

This is the third team Orange has taken a state tournament. In the spring, he is
the girls softball coach at Brookville, which made state two of the last three
years.

The picture is much clearer for the boys. Defending champion Hunting Valley
University School from suburban Cleveland, led by last year's medalist Mac
McLaughlin, is the team to beat.

Alter shot a 313 at Weatherwax in Middletown to win the district.
Chaminade-Julienne, last year's runner-up, was runner-up at 318, which gives the
Eagles a pass to state again.

Jim Metter, a senior, was the Greater Catholic League North Division player of
the year and medalist at sectional with a 74. He struggled a bit at district
with an 83. Sophomore Jon Neroni picked up him with a 74.

Senior John Muir came in at 77 and junior Andy Henehan at 79. Senior Pete
Gmeiner was the fifth man with a 95.

"I'll be fun having both boys and girls team at state," said first year boys
coach John Sherman. "I know the parents have some things planned, and we'll have
a lot of people around both the Scarlet and Gray courses following the kids."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jim Metter
Grace Nickolai

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday

Kronauge tries for OSU title

BYLINE: DAV E L A M B H E R E A N D T H E R E

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-4

LENGTH: 518 words


After Ohio State's football and men's basketball teams fell in their national
championship games, it looked like the tennis team with Centerville's Justin
Kronauge was the Buckeyes' best bet for a title.

But second-ranked Ohio State was upset by Illinois, 4-2, in the national
quarterfinals. Kronauge posted one of the points for the Buckeyes with a win at
second doubles with junior Drew Eberly.

Ohio State had already beaten host Illinois for the Big Ten tournament
championship, the fourth straight year the two teams met in the final. The
Buckeyes have won the past two.

While the NCAA tourney trail ended prematurely, Kronauge and the Buckeyes still
finished with some lofty credentials.

Kronauge, who was the nation's top-ranked junior player in 2005, was named the
Big Ten's freshman of the year. He was the third Buckeye in four years to earn
that honor.

Kronauge was also named rookie of the year by the Midwest Region of the
Intercollegiate Tennis Association.

Ohio State compiled a 30-2 record to post a school record for victories.

Alter grads lead Flyers

Bobby Getty and Myles Swartzel, who accounted for five baseball MVP awards at
Alter High School, were the University of Dayton's top two hitters.

Swartzel led the Flyers in hitting (.352) in his first taste of real action.
After earning MVP honors in his final two seasons at Alter, he redshirted as a
UD freshman.

Last year Swartzel appeared in just four games and was selected as the team's
best practice player.

This season, the 6-foot-3, 200-pound catcher started in 29 games and played in
37.

Getty enjoyed a brilliant career at Alter as a three-time MVP. He collected 11
Knight records, including most homers and RBI for a season and career.

The 5-10, 180-pounder led the Flyers in hitting last year (.342). This year as a
senior he was second on the team in hitting (.326).

Getty led the Flyers in hits (72), doubles (16) and total bases (105). He was
second in RBI (35) and homers (5). The talented outfielder didn't make a single
error and was one of only two Flyers to start every game. UD posted a 21-33
record, including a 9-18 mark in the Atlantic 10 Conference.

Bellbrook's Tirey becomes Wilmington's bright light

Looking for a bright light in a dreary season?

Wilmington College's softball team found one with Stefanie Tirey, a freshman
from Bellbrook.

Wilmington suffered through a 4-35 season, including a winless campaign (0-18)
in the Ohio Athletic Conference. The team experienced a 22-game losing streak.

Still, Tirey managed to stand out. She led the team in hitting with a .379
average, the only one on the team above .300. Tirey also led Wilmington in
slugging percentage (.561), on-base percentage (.406) and homers (2).

Asbury begins Miami baseball career

Centerville's Reese Asbury earned his keep on the Miami University baseball team
as a reliable reliever in his freshman season.

Asbury, who compiled a 17-3 record in his Centerville career, pitched in 20
games, third-most on the team. He posted 2-3 record with a 2.81 earned run
average and four saves, second-most on the team.

Contact this columnist at (937) 847-8435 or d_lamb@msn.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2009 Dumrath & Fassnacht KG (GmbH & Co.)
                              All Rights Reserved

                                   DufaIndex

                                 28. April 2009

              Blue Capital Zweite USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH

                                 Alter Wall 22
                                 Hamburg 20457
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
HR-NUMMER: HRB 78483

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSFORM: Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
FIRMENART: Handelsregister
VEROEFFENTL-ART:
Registerliche Zuordnung

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

FIRMENLEITUNG:

     ·    Prokura erloschen: Samson Jörg


* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *
GERICHT: 20355 Hamburg

20355 Hamburg Blue Capital Zweite USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH 20457 Hamburg
Alter Wall 22 HRB 78483 Veraenderungen 28.04.2009 In () gesetzte Angaben der
Anschrift und des Geschäftszweiges erfolgen ohne Gewähr. Veränderungen
28.04.2009 Blue Capital Zweite USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH, Hamburg, Alter
Wall 22, 20457 Hamburg.Geschäftsanschrift: Alter Wall 22, 20457 Hamburg.
Gesamtprokura gemeinsam mit einem Geschäftsführer mit der Befugnis, im Namen der
Gesellschaft mit sich im eigenen Namen oder als Vertreter eines Dritten
Rechtsgeschäfte abzuschließen: Reiners, Ocke, Bad Segeberg, *31.01.1969. Prokura
erloschen Joester-von Samson, Jörg, Riemerling, *03.12.1969.

UPDATE: 12. Mai 2009


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2009 Dumrath & Fassnacht KG (GmbH & Co.)
                              All Rights Reserved

                                   DufaIndex

                                 25. April 2009

              Blue Capital Zweite USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH

                                 Alter Wall 22
                                 Hamburg 20457
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
HR-NUMMER: HRB 78483

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSFORM: Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
FIRMENART: Handelsregister
VEROEFFENTL-ART:
Registerliche Zuordnung

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

FIRMENLEITUNG:

     ·    Prokura erloschen: Samson Jörg


* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *
GERICHT: 20355 Hamburg

20355 Hamburg Blue Capital Zweite USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH 20457 Hamburg
Alter Wall 22 HRB 78483 Veraenderungen 28.04.2009 In () gesetzte Angaben der
Anschrift und des Geschäftszweiges erfolgen ohne Gewähr. Veränderungen
28.04.2009 Blue Capital Zweite USA Immobilien Verwaltungs GmbH, Hamburg, Alter
Wall 22, 20457 Hamburg.Geschäftsanschrift: Alter Wall 22, 20457 Hamburg.
Gesamtprokura gemeinsam mit einem Geschäftsführer mit der Befugnis, im Namen der
Gesellschaft mit sich im eigenen Namen oder als Vertreter eines Dritten
Rechtsgeschäfte abzuschließen: Reiners, Ocke, Bad Segeberg, *31.01.1969. Prokura
erloschen Joester-von Samson, Jörg, Riemerling, *03.12.1969.

UPDATE: 6. Mai 2009


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 30, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Interim Report

BYLINE: By JACOB HEILBRUNN.

Jacob Heilbrunn is a regular contributor to the Book Review and a senior editor
at The National Interest.

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1205 words


THE PROMISE

President Obama, Year One

By Jonathan Alter

Illustrated. 458 pp. Simon & Schuster. $28

Barack Obama may be struggling to right the listing economy, but he has
stimulated a remarkable growth spurt in at least one battered sector. His
presidency has ignited a literary boomlet. The Obama administration, as Howard
Kurtz of The Washington Post recently observed, is under siege -- not from
lobbyists or hostile Republicans, but from a welter of elite journalists
demanding interviews as they race to complete their books about the White House.

One of the earliest off the mark is Jonathan Alter. Alter, who grew up in
Chicago and is a longtime columnist for Newsweek, originally encountered Obama
in January 2002 when he was an Illinois state senator. In the intervening years,
he met Obama several times and wrote the first cover article about him to appear
in a national magazine. And in November 2008, Obama revealed on ''60 Minutes''
that he had been studying ''The Defining Moment,'' Alter's book on the first 100
days of Franklin Roosevelt, whom he hoped to emulate. How well has he done?
''The Promise'' offers an excellent opportunity to appraise Obama's initial
efforts. Drawing on interviews with over 200 people, including the president and
his top aides, Alter examines everything from the economic bailouts to the
military surge in Afghanistan.

Throughout, he seeks to avoid what he refers to as the ''polemics of punditry.''
This endows his narrative with a lapidary tone that is mercifully free of the
breathless sensationalism of recent campaign books, but it also results, at
times, in a somewhat cloistered quality. Alter never really discusses the larger
ideological battles that have buffeted Washington. The Tea Party movement, Sarah
Palin and Fox News have only walk-on parts. Instead, the spotlight shines firmly
on the intricate maneuverings of the White House's inner circle. Alter's
informative but detached narrative, you could even say, is itself Obamaesque.

Alter begins by suggesting that Obama achieved more during his first year than
is commonly acknowledged, not least by many on the left. Alter thus praises
Obama's stimulus bill as consisting of ''five landmark pieces of legislation in
one'' that would have made him look ''like Superman, or at least more like
F.D.R.,'' had it been split up into separate bills. But Obama, Alter says, was
more interested in ''speed than credit.'' Alter also applauds Obama for dressing
down the military brass, who tried to issue damaging leaks to the press in hopes
of short-circuiting his lengthy review of the war in Afghanistan. ''The
commander in chief now undertook the most direct assertion of presidential
authority over the U.S. military since President Truman fired General MacArthur
in 1951,'' Alter writes.

Alter's evident sympathy for Obama and his policies scarcely means that he
functions as a credulous court stenographer. On the contrary, he perceptively
observes that Obama's emphasis on previous government experience often
translated into insularity as he surrounded himself with Clinton-era officials
steeped in the values of Wall Street. ''Obama was inside that cozy group now,''
Alter writes, ''and it would be increasingly difficult for him to see beyond its
borders.'' He goes on to observe that Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner and
Lawrence H. Summers, the director of the White House National Economic Council,
''offered sophisticated explanations for every decision at a level of complexity
that easily bamboozled reporters.'' Obama himself had two sides -- Chicago
community organizer and Ivy League meritocrat. The meritocrat won out. According
to Alter, ''Obama's faith lay in cream rising to the top. Because he himself was
a product of the great American postwar meritocracy, he could never fully escape
seeing the world from the status ladder he had ascended.'' In this regard, the
contrast with Franklin Roosevelt, who heartily reciprocated the enmity of the
privileged class from which he had emerged, is striking.

This faith in Ivy League rationality may also help to explain Obama's initial
abundant confidence about ushering in a new era of better, if not good,
feelings. But from the outset, the House Republicans made it clear that they
would battle Obama at every turn -- even before he officially became president.
Unlike Roosevelt, who refused to coordinate any policies with Herbert Hoover
before he was sworn into office, Obama struck out on a bipartisan course in
September 2008, when the financial meltdown took place. At a pivotal meeting at
the White House, Obama took command, while George W. Bush and John McCain
listened passively. (Afterward, Alter reports, Obama told aides the meeting was
''surreal.'') Alter rather expansively defines this moment as the true
inauguration of the Obama presidency.

Instead, one might say it marked both the expiry of the Bush presidency, which
sought to manipulate the bureaucracy for conservative aims, and the flowering of
the radical right, which views government itself as the enemy. Perhaps the most
significant political impact of that September session was the antipathy House
Republicans displayed toward a financial bailout plan being proposed by Bush's
own Treasury secretary, Henry M. Paulson, and that Obama, too, was essentially
endorsing. Right then and there, Obama would have done well to ponder his
ability to soften the Republican Party's opposition to overhauling either the
economy or health care.

However, a confident Obama, Alter writes, overrode his chief of staff, Rahm
Emanuel, to insist on an all-out effort on behalf of health care. Alter might
have emphasized that it was House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, more than anyone else,
who rescued Obama, and possibly his presidency. With the passage of health care,
Obama has been revivified. Alter himself, with an almost audible sigh of relief,
signs out with the observation that Obama is now ''in the company of Franklin
Roosevelt and Lyndon Johnson, . . . a figure of history for reasons far beyond
the color of his skin.''

It's a pity that Alter doesn't delve into some of the similarities between
Roosevelt and Obama, not least their vilification by a motley crew on the right,
with their lugubrious predictions about America's descent into socialism. As the
midterm elections approach, Obama might recall that in 1934, the American
Liberty League, backed by the du Ponts and conservative Democrats, emerged to
deem Social Security the ''end of democracy.'' But in that year's Congressional
elections, Republicans dropped from 117 to 103 seats in the House and 35 to 25
in the Senate. Despite the predictions of huge Democratic losses this fall, a
sweeping Republican victory may not materialize, especially if Obama remains
personally popular.

Whatever the case, it seems unlikely that the cautious Obama, a true
conservative at a moment when the term has become soiled by its current
representatives, will preside over a new era of resurgent liberalism. Still, if
he outflanks his opponents, winds down two wars and, above all, revives the
economy, he will surely more than fulfill his abundant promise, and the dream of
change that his campaign so skillfully evoked.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES (SEPT. 30, 2009))

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 19, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NEW OLD TESTAMENT

BYLINE: By FRANK KERMODE; Frank Kermode is the author, most recently, of ''The
Genesis of Secrecy: On the Interpretation of Narrative'' and is King Edward VII
Professor of English at Cambridge University.

SECTION: Section 7; Page 6, Column 3; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 1192 words


THE ART OF BIBLICAL NARRATIVE By Robert Alter.  195 pp. New York: Basic Books.
$13.95.

THE Bible, Jewish and Christian, is full of stories; yet it has traditionally
been held in such reverence that until recently few critics have subjected its
narratives to the kinds of analysis that have been developed for the study of
secular literature. Either you take the stories as given, in all their
idiosyncrasy, without critical comment or, if you're a scholar, you examine them
for contradictions, which you then explain by saying that at some time in their
history conflicting versions were untidily brought together by some forgotten
redactor. Having sorted out the rival versions, you don't need to look very
carefully at the structure and the techniques of the narratives as they have
come down to us.

There is no doubt that much of value has in consequence been neglected. And for
whatever reason -perhaps it's a beneficent side effect of secularization -
scholars with predominantly secular training have now begun to remedy this
neglect. We may think that new refinements of narrative analytic technique over
the past two decades have put us in a better position to do so, though we
shouldn't forget the extraordinary feats of imagination that for centuries
characterized learned Jewish interpretations of the sacred texts before modern
scholarship inhibited them. Robert Alter even suggests that ''a literary student
of the Bible has more to learn from the traditional commentaries than from
modern scholarship,'' and the samples of those commentaries that he quotes along
the way tend to bear him out. Still, something new and exciting is happening,
and Mr. Alter is leading the field.

There has been of late a good deal of work on New Testament narrative by such
writers as Jean Starobinski, Louis Marin and myself, but the achievements of
scholars studying the Hebrew Bible have been, I think, more striking. My first
acquaintance with them came from the work of the Israeli critics Meir Sternberg
and Menakhem Perry, which caused quite a stir five or six years ago. Mr. Alter,
professor of Hebrew and comparative literature at the University of California
at Berkeley and a scholar already much respected for his studies of secular
literature (his most recent is ''A Lion for Love: A Critical Biography of
Stendhal''), knew of their work, but his own has been proceeding independently
for a decade or so, and he has published important essays on biblical narrative
in Commentary magazine. My regret, a shade unreasonable, is that he has confined
his attention to the Hebrew Bible, and it is possible that he underestimates the
degree to which the devices and techniques he so brilliantly investigates
continued into the narratives of the Jews who wrote the New Testament.

But there is quite enough material here for one admirable book, and I only wish
I had more space in which to persuade everybody who cares about any form of
narrative to read it. Here is a sample of the sort of thing Mr. Alter does,
chosen against a dozen others equally striking: I Samuel 16 and 17 give two
conflicting accounts of the beginning of David's rise to power. In the first,
the prophet Samuel is sent to Bethlehem to anoint a chosen son of Jesse as
successor to Saul. God prompts him to choose not the firstborn son, for all his
promising looks, but the youngest, David, still a stripling. Having been
anointed, David soothes the mad king with his music and is made Saul's official
armor bearer. In the second version, David arrives on the battlefield as a boy
unknown to Saul or anybody else and slays Goliath.

The stories cannot be reconciled; the contradiction is usually explained away as
the work of some pious redactor who could drop neither and presumably was not
bothered by the bad fit. But Mr. Alter thinks of this as an instance of
''binocular vision.'' Each version shows David in a different light, for he is
the undoubted choice of God, yet still a man with his own rough way to make.
Saul can love him, yet plot to eliminate him as a rival. And Mr. Alter makes
this good by the subtlety of his comment on David's later relations with Michal,
the daughter of Saul, and on David's reaction to the death of Absalom.

Here and elsewhere (as in the analysis of the apparently incompatible accounts
of the Creation at the beginning of Genesis) the familiar is handsomely
enriched. The manner of biblical narrative is often, according to Mr. Alter,
closer to certain modernist procedures than to 19th-century fictional
techniques: He speaks of Ford Madox Ford and Joseph Conrad, of montage, and even
of the post-Cubist device, profile and full face simultaneously. He has taken a
point here and there from modernist criticism, but avoids its jargon, and is
distinctly unfashionable in his respect for the author's intention. All the
subtle discriminations he makes were, he believes, originally planned by the
ancient writers, who delighted in their craft as well as in their religion.
They, and Mr. Alter after them, see fiction as the way to represent the
dialectic between two forms of history, one of which makes it a rough, manmade
affair, the other a consequence of divine dispositions. ''The author of the
David stories,'' says Mr. Alter acutely, ''stands in basically the same relation
to Israelite history as Shakespeare stands to English history in his history
plays.''

However, I should not give the impression that his book is concerned only with
such large-scale effects. He often comments minutely on the Hebrew text - always
in a manner that accommodates the reader ignorant of the language. He develops a
theory of Leitworter (''leading words''), showing how an episode will turn on
subtle echoes of a word or group of related words, like leitmotifs in music. On
dialogue, the principal instrument of the Hebrew storyteller, he is especially
illuminating: why a character speaks thus, at length or briefly; why he is
answered or not; why repetitions, exact or varied, are significant; and why
silences count. He stresses the unique ''omniscience'' of a writer who reports
what is going on in the mind and heart of God and yet who manipulates his
readers, holding back secrets till the right moment or perhaps not revealing
them at all, for there are strange gaps, indeterminacies, where we must supply
the right interpretation.

The real force of this book lies in the boldness and finesse of its individual
readings, which are too minute and intense to be summarized. I shall have to
preserve my proof copy, which is heavily scored with marks of approbation and
pleasure. It is truly extraordinary that such familiar tales as those of Joseph
and David should acquire so much detail and color, as if perfectly restored.
Mr. Alter is a true descendant of those midrashic exegetes he prefers to modern
scholars. Like them he refuses to distinguish literary art from ''theological,
moral or historiosophical vision,'' for, as he maintains, ''the fullest
perception of the latter (is) dependent on the fullest grasp of the former.'' It
is to improve our grasp of the former that Mr. Alter has worked with such
admirable success.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday

Alter's Miller takes play to another level;
She leads Knights to second consecutive state championship.;
ALL-AREA PLAYERS OF THE YEAR

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: ; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 578 words


Jamie Peterson of West Liberty-Salem (center) is the Division III All-Area
player of the year. She has signed to play volleyball at the University of
Dayton next year.

Alter's Braxtin Miller defends an Ottawa-Glandorf player in the Division II
state championship game last month. Miller had 33 points and 10 rebounds in the
Knights' victory.

During a long and prolific coaching career as the Alter High School girls
basketball co-head coaches, Kendal Peck and Chris Hart thought they had mentored
every type of player possible. Then along came Braxtin Miller.

"Sometimes when she was younger that was frustrating because we didn't think she
was playing hard," Peck reflected. "She really was playing hard, it's just a
different level she can give us sometimes. Her effort is outstanding. She loves
to compete."

Miller was at her best when it mattered most, leading Alter to an impressive
74-48 win over Ottawa-Glandorf in the Division II state championship game in
Columbus to highlight area girls' efforts this past season.

A 5-foot-11 junior, Miller h ad 3 3 p o i n t s a n d 1 0 rebounds as the
Knights (28-2) won their second straight state championship after advancing to
the title game for the third straight year. Miller also scored a team-high 19
points in a 60-34 state semifinal blowout of Columbus Eastmoor Academy.

That breakout performance earned Miller the All-Area Division II player of the
year honor and should raise the already considerable recruiting interest in her.
Alter's 5-9 junior Libby Bazelak, the other half of the Knights' productive
back-court, also will return next season as will 5-7 junior Olivia Gillis.

Those three and a mostly underclass lineup of standout subs put Alter in great
position to contend for yet another state title in 2017.

The Knights eliminated the area's two other great Division II teams in the
regional at Springfield. Alter ended Bellbrook's record-setting unbeaten run in
the semis and overwhelmed Tippecanoe in a second straight regional final.

Division I: Kelly Wurth made certain there would be no early upset in the
postseason for Springboro like Fairmont did to the Panthers the previous season.
Sure enough, Springboro (23-4) and surprising Wayne (25-2) both made it to
regional semis before falling.

Wurth, a 5-9 senior and the All-Area Division I player of the year, was
consistently unstoppable, averaging 18.5 points. Like Miller, she was at her
best against the best, scoring a season-high 33 and handing Sidney (24-1) its
only loss in a district final.

Wayne reset most of its program individual and team records. Featuring a mostly
underclass roster of sophomores and freshmen, the Warriors should also contend
for a state title next season.

Division III: Versailles (21-7) advanced deeper into the postseason than any
other area D-III team, falling in a regional final. Versailles qualified for
that game by ending West Liberty-Salem's great season in a regional semi.

WL-S (23-4) was led by 6-4 senior and D-III All-Area player of the year Jamie
Peterson (15.4), She signed to play volleyball at the University of Dayton.

Division IV: Jackson Center (21-8) pulled off a rare double, joining its boys
team in a state final four. The Tigers were defeated by Fostoria St. Wendelin in
the state semi.

Tri-Village junior Allie Downing (19.5) set many significant records and earned
D-IV All-Area player of the year honors.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.

Pendleton@coxinc.com

Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

Sisters' paths nearly cross in sectional volleyball tournament;
Bellbrook's Erin Crotty, Alter's Sara Crotty both collect all-league honors

BYLINE: By Dave Long Contributing Writer

SECTION: BELLBROOK & SUGARCREEK TWP; Pg. RE6

LENGTH: 476 words


Had a few points gone in Bell-brook's favor, there could have been a few tense
moments in the Crotty household.

"It wouldn't have been trash-talking like the guys do, but there would have been
some sarcastic remarks," Erin Crotty said. "They probably would have won, but we
would have given them a good game."

She was speaking of the Division II sectional volleyball final played in October
at Springboro High School. Erin, a senior, was a starter for Bellbrook. Her
sister, Sara, was a starter as a freshman for Alter.

When tournament time came, Alter was the No. 1 seed, while Bellbrook was No. 4.
On Oct. 19, Alter won its section semifinal match over Franklin at 6 p.m.
Bellbrook's semifinal match came vs. Valley View at 7:30. Valley View won the
first game, 25-20. Bellbrook was close in the second and third games, but
couldn't get the big points when needed and lost 27-25 and 25-22.

"In a way it would have been fun to see the girls play against each other," said
their father, Bill Crotty. "But maybe it was for the best. As parents it would
have been tough to root for one over the other."

Erin and Sara are the second generation of one of Dayton's best known sports
families. The first generation had two brothers and five sisters who were stars
at Alter. Bill Crotty was a basketball player at the University of Dayton. His
brother, John, played football for the Flyers. One sister, Elieen, was a state
high school tennis champion and four-time MVP for the UD women's team.

It appeared that Sara was going to be playing volleyball with Erin at Bellbrook.
But as Sara developed her skills with the Air City Chicks in club competition,
it became apparent she could be a big-time player.

"Sara began to hint last winter that she'd really like to play volleyball at
Alter," Bill Crotty said. "Their program is always very strong, that's where her
friends were playing volleyball and Bellbrook was going through a coaching
change."

He and his wife, Jenny, had many conversations before the decision was made to
let Sara go to Alter.

"I would have loved to see both girls play together," he said. "But Sara wanted
something different. It turned out to be a great season for both girls. I know
we did more driving as volleyball parents that I ever thought we would. One of
us always tried to be at both of the girls' games. It took a lot of planning,
but we did it."

Erin was made first team on the Southwestern Buckeye League all-league team.
Sara was a starter an Alter team that went 20-8 and lost in the Division II
state semifinals. She was a second-teamer on the Girls Greater Cincinnati League
all-star team.

Sara is playing for the Air City Chicks again this winter in United States
Volleyball Association (USVBA) club competition. Erin, who will be attending the
University of Dayton next year, is helping coach one of the club's younger
age-group teams.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: a senior at Bellbrook, was a first-team pick on the Southwestern
Buckeye League all-league team. Sara, a freshman at Alter, was a second-teamer
on the Girls Greater Cincinnati League all-league team and played in the
Division II state tournament. Contributed photo
The Crotty sisters of Bellbrook had a good year playing volleyball at different
schools. Erin (right)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 18, 2009 Tuesday

Some unfinished business for Knights;
State runner-up Alter reloads to mount another title run.

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 494 words


KETTERING - After losing five key players to graduation, some high school
volleyball teams would be rebuilding - not the Alter Knights.

For the Division II state runnerup Knights, it's time to reload.

"All of the kids we graduated played, they weren't sitting the bench," Alter
coach Tina Jasinowski said. "We lost an All-State outside hitter and our libero
and, on paper, those are significant losses.

"Having said that, I think we're going to be even better than we were last
year."

Considering the Knights qualified to the D-II state final last season, that says
a lot.

"Without question, state is at the forefront of our mind," Jasinowski said. "And
we want to win state. We don't just want to go back to state, especially because
we know it was within our grasp last year."

The Knights fell 3-1 to Padua in the state final and lost key players to
graduation. But they return a talented core including senior outside hitter
Kellie Joseph, junior middle hitter Kelly Westerkamp and sophomore
setter/outside hitter Megan Courtney who ran the offense last season as a
freshman.

"Megan is one of the best hitters in the country, not just the state, and we
would be the stupidest coaches in Ohio if we didn't have her hit the ball,"
Jasinowski said. "Kellie (Joseph) will be a key offensive weapon for us and
Kelly (Westerkamp) is going to be a kid who doesn't come off the floor."

Westerkamp is looking forward to the challenge.

"We lost a lot of experience and leadership and we have holes to fill but I know
we'll be able to do that," Westerkamp said. "One of my main goals is to step up,
be more vocal and take on more of a leadership role."

For the Knights, who will face tough competition from Fairmont, Tippecanoe,
Centerville and Chaminade Julienne within the first two weeks of the season,
it's not simply about wins or records.

"We're trying to be the team that works the hardest this year," Westerkamp said.
"The wins will come if we do that."

MAC attack

Marion Local's D-IV state title in 2008 marked the 11th state crown for the
Midwest Athletic Conference in the tournament's 34 years.

The Flyers, who topped Jackson Center to claim back-to-back state titles last
season, return 10 letter winners including All-Ohio outside hitter Alyssa
Winner. Local lost only a setter and libero to graduation.

"We had a really young team last year," Marion Local coach Amy Steininger said.
"We're still young, we only have four seniors, but we have experience."

The Flyers aren't about to talk about a three-peat.

"Our sectional is so loaded, it's tough to even make it out," Steininger said.
"Right now we're truly focused on winning the MAC, which is no easy task."

MAC rival Versailles also qualified to state last season, falling in the D-III
semifinals. St. Henry has six state volleyball titles, most recently in 2004.
Parkway, like Marion Local, has a pair of titles and Fort Recovery has another.

"The MAC really humbles you," Steininger said. "It keeps us focused and
grounded."

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Senior Kellie Joseph (from left), junior Kelly Westerkamp, and
sophomore Megan Courtney hope to lead the Alter girls volleyball team to a
successful season. Staff photo by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              December 12, 1998, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

United States LAWYERS TO GET $8.2 BILLION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 727 words


   Attorneys who helped Texas, Mississippi and Florida settle their lawsuits
against the tobacco industry will receive almost $8.2 billion (U.S.) in fees, an
amount believed to be the largest ever awarded in the United States. A divided
three-member arbitration panel announced yesterday that five private attorneys
in Texas will receive $3.3 billion. The 11-firm team that worked on the Florida
case was awarded $3.43 billion, and the 13 Mississippi team was awarded $1.43
billion. The lawyers will receive the payments over at least 10 years.

TELEMARKETERS PLEAD GUILTY

Two Canadian telemarketers admitted Thursday they cheated U.S. residents by
charging them for fictitious prizes in a scheme the organizer said garnered up
to $2 million (U.S.). The guilty pleas from Jules Alter and Adam Bronson bring
to three the number of people who have pleaded in the case. U.S. authorities
arrested Alter in May and described a scheme in which mostly elderly U.S.
citizens were called, falsely told they had won a sweepstakes or other contest
and induced to pay a fee by certified cheque.

DRUNK DRIVER'S SENTENCE ANGERS

Outraged members of a Canadian family killed by a drunk driver are calling the
sentence handed him yesterday an insult. "I'm sure he did not intend to kill our
family but neither does anybody else who drinks and drives and gets behind the
wheel," said Brian Sharp, whose sister and four of her relatives died in a crash
July 1 after Paxton Boyd, 24, of Detroit, hit their car with his vehicle. Paxton
was sentenced to concurrent terms of 7 1/2 to 15 years.

Space

STATION SEALED

Astronauts from the space shuttle Endeavour ended their final day of work aboard
the International Space Station yesterday, closing its hatches until another
assembly crew arrives in about six months. The crew moved quickly through their
work list and solved problems as they arose. The only mishap was an aluminum
rack pin that floated away.

United Kingdom

HUNGER STRIKER RETURNED TO JAIL

A British animal rights activist, close to death after more than two months on a
hunger strike, was returned to prison from hospital after consistently refusing
medical treatment, the hospital said. Barry Horne, who is serving an 18-year
sentence for firebombings, was moved back to prison late Thursday after York
District Hospital said he could easily be treated at a prison medical centre.
Horne is demanding the government set up an inquiry into the use of animals in
experiments.

Russia

PROSECUTOR ABDUCTED

Assailants have abducted Chechnya's top prosecutor, who was investigating the
killings of four kidnapped foreigners, officials said yesterday. Mansur Tagirov
vanished Thursday night while returning to Chechnya's capital city Grozny from a
small village nearby, news reports said. Tagirov was investigating the deaths of
four foreigners whose severed heads were found Tuesday lined up by a roadside in
the breakaway republic.

Bosnia

U.N. MONITORS PULLED OUT

United Nations police monitors were evacuated from a Croat-controlled town in
southeastern Bosnia after a hostile crowd stormed into the local police station
and assaulted them, the world body said yesterday. The police chief of the town
of Stolac resigned following Thursday's incident, which occurred after
contraband weapons and ammunition were found in the police station, a U.N.
official said. No one was injured.

Italy

PISA TOWER GETS A LIFT

Workers yesterday began attaching steel braces to the Leaning Tower of Pisa in
the latest scheme to stop one of the world's most famous landmarks from falling.
Cranes moved into Pisa's Piazza dei Miracoli to begin fixing the four 103-metre
cables to the ornate white marble monument that has tilted perilously for eight
centuries. Workers were to attach the first pairof cables to an anchoring block
today.

KURD LEADER TO RESIGN

Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan said in an interview published yesterday he
would announce his resignation as leader of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK)
in a television broadcast. Ocalan told the Communist newspaper Il Manifesto that
he was planning to step down as part of a restructuring of the party. Turkey has
said Ocalan is responsible for more than 29,000 deaths caused by the PKK's
14-year fight for self-rule.

From The Star's wire services

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday

Alter grad eyeing title

BYLINE: By DebbieJuniewicz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 391 words


Penn State freshman Megan Courtney, a former Alter High star, is in the national
semifinals.

Pressure and expectations were part of the package.

"When I was deciding on a school, I was looking for a very respected program
with a highly respected coaching staff," Alter graduate Megan Courtney said. "I
knew when I chose Penn State that the expectations would be extremely high. But,
as a team, we push each other every day and try to meet or exceed those
expectations."

The top-seeded Nittany Lions will face No. 5 Oregon in the NCAA women's
volleyball national semifinals today in Louisville's KFC Yum! Center. Penn State
has advanced to the national semifinals five times in the past six seasons and
10 times since 1993.

Playing in the NCAA Tournament was a goal for Courtney, 19, before her high
school volleyball career even began.

"I started watching the tournament when I was in the eighth grade," the freshman
setter/outside hitter said. "But when you're that young, the only people telling
you that you're good are your parents, so I didn't know I would be where I am
today."

Courtney, who has tallied 237 kills with the Nittany Lions this season, is one
of several volleyball players with Miami Valley roots who stepped into the
national spotlight during the NCAA Tournament. Centerville graduate Janna Kra*a,
also a freshman, made her first NCAA Tournament appearance with the Dayton
Flyers this season.

"It was an awesome experience," Kra*a said. "All of the energy, seeing different
teams, playing in a new gym, it was such an incredible experience."

The Flyers, who also have Versailles graduate Megan Campbell in their ranks,
mounted a come-from-behind 3-2 win over Pepperdine in the first round before
falling to Oregon in the second round.

"In the beginning, I think we were all a little bit nervous but once you get on
the court, it's like a normal match," Krafka said.

Courtney, who made three trips to the state tournament with the Knights, also
battles nervousness.

"Leading up to a match there are a lot of butterflies but, as it gets closer,
that nervousness turns to adrenaline and I'm ready to play," she said.

And, outcome aside, a trip to the NCAA Championship is more than a goal - it's
motivation.

"We got a little taste of it this year so, next year, we want even more," Kra*a
said.

Contact this contributing writer at djunie@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 27, 2007 Thursday
                                  East Edition

THEY VOLUNTEER FOR CHRISTMAS

BYLINE: LOGAN NEILL, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: SPRING HILL



HIGHLIGHT: Members of Temple Beth David Jewish Center offer help at hospitals on
the holiday.


Visitors arriving Christmas morning at Spring Hill Regional Hospital were
greeted with warm smiles at the reception desk by Mark and Dale Granoff.
Although it was a holiday, the Granoffs, who are Jewish, were more than happy to
be manning the post that is usually staffed by regular hospital volunteers.

"Even though we don't celebrate the holiday we know it's important to the people
who do," Mark Granoff said. "It's our way of reaching out and showing respect
during the holiday."

Indeed, it has been something of an annual tradition with the membership of the
Temple Beth David Jewish Center in Spring Hill. About 30 members of the
170-member congregation agree to cover both Christmas Eve and Christmas Day
shifts working alongside hospital staff at Spring Hill Regional and Brooksville
Regional hospitals.

Dr. Sheldon Alter and his wife, Ruth, began coordinating the annual holiday
gesture 12 years ago, shortly after they moved to Spring Hill. Alter, a retired
physician who worked at a Catholic hospital in Boston, said he and his fellow
Jewish doctors participated in a similar effort for several years.

Finding willing volunteers at the temple has never been a problem, Alter said.

"They know that the hospital would probably understaffed otherwise," Alter said.
"Plus, they love doing it. Some have even become regular volunteers at the
hospital."

Alter said that the temporary volunteers were required to take safety exams and
view videotapes on confidentiality rules before they were allowed to work. The
majority of the volunteer positions revolved around patient services, such as
filling water pitchers, pushing patients in wheelchairs and, of course, greeting
hospital visitors.

However, for volunteers Stan Margulis and Gary Beaman, just being able to offer
some comfort to ailing patients more than made the experience worthwhile.

"It's not the place you want to be on Christmas if you don't have to be here,"
said Margulis. "We try to cheer up the patients that are here and let them know
that things are going to be okay."

At one point, Margulis and Beaman were handed two teddy bears by a hospital
staffer to give away to any young patients they could find. There were none, so
the men offered them to two elderly patients.

Said Beaman, "Neither of them had any family, and I think they were grateful
that they weren't being forgotten on Christmas."

Logan Neill can be reached at lneill@sptimes.com or 848-1435.

1995 The year that Temple Beth David Jewish Center started the volunteer
program.

27 The number of volunteers who participated in this year's program.

4 The number of hours each volunteer serves.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DAVID DEGNER, Times: Eileen Beaman and Pat Margulis go from room
to room talking to patients and refilling pitchers at Spring Hill Regional
Hospital.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          December 26, 2007 Wednesday

A VOLUNTEER FOR CHRISTMAS

BYLINE: LOGAN NEILL, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: SPRING HILL



HIGHLIGHT: Members of Temple Beth David Jewish Center offer their help at local
hospitals on the holiday.


Visitors arriving Christmas morning at Spring Hill Regional Hospital were
greeted with warm smiles at the reception desk by Mark and Dale Granoff.
Although it was a holiday, the Granoffs, who are Jewish, were more than happy to
be manning the post that is usually staffed by regular hospital volunteers.

"Even though we don't celebrate the holiday we know it's important to the people
who do," Mark Granoff said. "It's our way of reaching out and showing respect
during the holiday."

Indeed, it has been something of an annual tradition with the membership of the
Temple Beth David Jewish Center in Spring Hill. About 30 members of the
170-member congregation agree to cover both Christmas Eve and Christmas Day
shifts working alongside hospital staff at Spring Hill Regional and Brooksville
Regional hospitals.

Dr. Sheldon Alter and his wife, Ruth, began coordinating the annual holiday
gesture 12 years ago, shortly after they moved to Spring Hill. Alter, a retired
physician who worked at a Catholic hospital in Boston, said he and his fellow
Jewish doctors participated in a similar effort for several years.

Finding willing volunteers at the temple has never been a problem, Alter said.

"They know that the hospital would probably understaffed otherwise," Alter said.
"Plus, they love doing it. Some have even become regular volunteers at the
hospital."

Alter said that the temporary volunteers were required to take safety exams and
view videotapes on confidentiality rules before they were allowed to work. The
majority of the volunteer positions revolved around patient services, such as
filling water pitchers, pushing patients in wheelchairs and, of course, greeting
hospital visitors.

However, for volunteers Stan Margulis and Gary Beaman, just being able to offer
some comfort to ailing patients more than made the experience worthwhile.

"It's not the place you want to be on Christmas if you don't have to be here,"
said Margulis. "We try to cheer up the patients that are here and let them know
that things are going to be okay."

At one point, Margulis and Beaman were handed two teddy bears by a hospital
staffer to give away to any young patients they could find. There were none, so
the men offered them to two elderly patients.

Said Beaman, "Neither of them had any family, and I think they were grateful
that they weren't being forgotten on Christmas."

Logan Neill can be reached at lneill@sptimes.com or 848-1435.

BY THE NUMBERS

1995

The year that Temple Beth David Jewish Center started the volunteer program.

27

The number of volunteers who participated in this year's program.

4

The number of hours each volunteer serves.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DAVID DEGNER, Times: Eileen Beaman and Pat Margulis walk from
room to room talking with patents and refilling their water pitchers at Spring
Hill Regional Hospital. For several years, members of the Temple Beth David
Jewish Center in Spring Hill have volunteered to fill shifts for regular
volunteers on Christmas Day. PHOTO, DAVID DEGNER, Times: John Vogel, 74, and his
wife, Mary Ellen, 73, talk with patients and perform tasks at Spring Hill
Regional Hospital on Christmas. The couple help fill in at the hospital so
regular volunteers can be off for the holiday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                     Sustainable Ventures Holding AG;(SVH)

                              Wolleraustrasse 15 m
                                Freienbach 8807
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. November 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Bäch SZ
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Freienbach

DATUM:  2. September 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Pfäffikon SZ
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bäch SZ


DATUM:  23. April 2012
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Pfäffikon SZ, Oberdorfstrasse 2
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Pfäffikon SZ


DATUM:  16. Dezember 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Meyrin
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Pfäffikon SZ

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0445807200
TELEFAX: 0445807272

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406745226

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 25.05.2001
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  23. November 2016

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Adel Fahim Labib
STELLUNG:  Einz. Mitglied
ORT:  Bäch SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Roland Burki
ORT:  Montana
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Genève
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.07.2001 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 21.09.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Paul Cuanillon
ORT:  Thônex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  VullylesLacs, Constantine
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 25.05.2001 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 06.04.2005 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Daniela Palmisano
ORT:  Bachenbülach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  QuartenOberterzen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 06.04.2005 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 01.12.2006 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alexandre Schwab
ORT:  Givisiez
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Chiètres (Kerzers), Orsonnens FR
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.09.2004 Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem.
HRPublikation vom 06.04.2005 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Alawi Baroum
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Jeddah
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu dreien
NATIONALITÄT:  Vereinigte arabische Emirate


NAME:  Nasser Fahim Labib Bessada
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Bäch SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu dreien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Amer Kabbara
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Gedha
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu dreien
NATIONALITÄT:  Libanon


NAME:  Rolf Müller
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Männedorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu dreien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Mosnang SG, Zuzwil SG



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Adel Fahim Labib
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Bäch SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

LIQUIDATOR:
NAME:  François Callegaro
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als LiquidatorIn. (préc. membre) Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 23.12.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
61900 - Sonstige Telekommunikation
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von anderen Gesellschaften

   Haltung, Finanzierung und Entwicklung von Unternehmen in jeglichen Bereichen,
insbesondere im Bereich von Klein- und Mittelunternehmen, die auf Nachhaltigkeit
fokussiert sind. Im Allgemeinen kann die Gesellschaft sämtliche Gewerbs-,
Finanzierungs- und Dienstleistungstätigkeiten ausüben, welche direkt oder
indirekt mit dem Zweck der Gesellschaft zusammenhängen; kann Lizenzen halten,
erwerben und veräussern.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 2.70
2015                   CHF 2.70

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Faktor N Services AG in Liquidation
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Januar 2006
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Konkurseröffnung
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  16. Juli 2009
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  4. Januar 2010; Einstellung ma. Aktiven

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Télésonique SA
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  12. Mai 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Lachen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  20. Mai 1999

NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Zurich


NAME:  Ernst & Young SA
ORT:  Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Zweigniederlassung
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  18. Januar 1999


NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00


NAME:  Unifid SA
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. März 1983
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 25.05.2001 Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor.
Gem. HRPublikation vom 11.01.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  2000000 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  2'000'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 1.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Juni 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  2. Juli 2001
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. April 2012
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Télésonique Group Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Sustainable Ventures Holding AG

DATUM:  16. Dezember 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  T3G Holding SA
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Télésonique Group Holding AG


DATUM:  28. Januar 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Télésonique Telecommunications &
NEUES DOMIZIL:  T3G Holding SA


DATUM:  2. Juli 2001
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Télésonique ..(1
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Télésonique..(2
BEMERKUNG ZU NAMENS/DOMIZIL WECHSEL:  ..1) Telecommunications & Technology Group
..2) Telecommunications & Technology Group (T3G)

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 31, 2008 Sunday

Clydesdales' clip-clop punctuates Alterfest

BYLINE: By Katherine Ullmer Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 331 words


KETTERING - Rides, games, food, and entertainment took a back seat for several
hours Saturday at Alterfest 2008, the biggest fundraiser of the year for
Archbishop Alter High School, when a team of eight Clydesdales rode into town
and paraded down the midway - twice.

The super-sized big brown draft horses with the fancy feathery white fetlocks
arrived in style in three semis with their pictures on the side and a police
motorcycle escort.

The Budweiser Clydesdales, in town for a family picnic at the Heidelberg
Distributing Co. in Dayton, planned on making a number of stops around town over
the holiday weekend. They were at the Dragons' game Friday night and will be in
Monday's Holiday at Home Parade.

The horses wowed the crowd as they were hitched up in front of the school around
4 p.m., although Hadley King, 4, of Nashville, Tenn., said what she liked best
about the horses was Bud, the Dalmatian that rides on top of the beer wagon.

"I loved them," said Lauren King, 7, her sister. "They're really big." Their
father, Steve King, and his sister Stacey Graser and her daughter, Kara, and
friend Erin Teaney, of Miamisburg, were with Connie King, of Kettering,
matriarch of the King family.

"We come every year. It's a tradition," Connie King said.

Alter's three-day festival, which continues today, Aug. 31 and Monday, is
expected to bring in around 30,000 visitors, said Bill Hausmann, cochair of the
festival, with his wife Martha.

The festival, sponsored by Alter High School Boosters, supports school
activities and programs beyond the normal school budget, Hausmann said.

Kettering Mayor Don Patterson, who helped open the festival Saturday, said more
than 6,000 volunteer hours have gone into it.

New this year is a ride called Zero Gravity, that costs four tickets ($1 a
ticket) to ride, but was pronounced "worth every penny," by a young girl from
St. Charles Elementary School, who rode it with her aunt.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2341 or kullmer@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A group of girls ride Zero Gravity at Alterfest. The festival took
place at 940 E. David Road in Kettering, behind Alter High School. Staff photo
by Ron Alvey

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

US Patent granted to Hewlett-Packard Development Company (Texas) on December 09
titled as "Executing transcription requests on files"

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,909,675, on
December 09, 2014, to Hewlett-Packard Development Company (Texas), titled as
"Executing transcription requests on files"

Inventors:  Kamath; Harish B (Bangalooru Karanataka, IN), Atul; Pai K (Bangalore
Karnataka, IN)
Assignee:  Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. (Houston, TX)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "One
embodiment is method that receives a file and a transcription request to alter
contents of the file. The file is associated with a file format, and the
transcription request is associated with a function that will alter the contents
of the file according to the transcription request. The function is executed on
the file to alter the file format and to alter the contents of the file
according to the transcription request."

The patent was filed on May 8, 2010 Application no. 13/639,266

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Suit Charges TSO Hid Its Condition

                           December 15, 1987, Tuesday

Special to the American Banker

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


A suit filed in U.S. District Court here charged the $1.3 billion-asset TSO
Financial Corp., of suburban Horsham, Pa., with issuing materially false and
misleading financial statements designed to conceal the company's true financial
and operating condition prior to a public offering in 1985.

The class-action suit against the $1.3 billion-asset direct marketer of consumer
financial services was filed by Richard D. Greenfield on behalf of Saranac Lake,
N.Y., investor John Paul Decker. Mr. Greenfield is a Haverford, Pa., attorney
who specializes in class actions.

It came the day after TSO chairman and chief executive officer Dennis Alter
announced a restructuring program that would result in "substantially" lower
earnings in 1988.

Mr. Alter was also named in the suit, along with James T. Diamond, former TSO
president and chief operating officer, and investment banker Kidder, Peabody &
Co., principal underwriter of the offering. Mr. Alter called the charges
"frivolous and without merit."

The suit charged TSO, through its nonbank-bank unit, Colonial National Bank USA,
Wilmington, Del., with failing to disclose "reckless and wholly imprudent loan
and credit card marketing practices." Unspecified damages were asked.

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 208 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                             Schindler Holding AG;

                                 Seestrasse 55
                               Hergiswil NW 6052
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  8. Juni 2004
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Seestrasse, Hergiswil NW
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Seestrasse 55, Hergiswil NW

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0416328550
INTERNET: www.schindler.com
E-MAIL: email@schindler.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406448966

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1874
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 06.02.1929
BESCHÄFTIGTE: -01


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  14. Juli 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Bei der Kapitalherabsetzung vom 19.03.2012
werden im Rahmen des Aktienrückkaufprogramms 2010 336'644 erworbene, eigene
Namenaktien zu CHF 0.10 und 1'714'600 erworbene, eigene
 AKTIONÄRE: Die Unternehmung ist an der Schweizer Börse SWX kotiert.

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf inf.Herabs.d.Kapital
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNG:  17. März 2014
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  19. März 2014
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  22. Mai 2014
FRISTART 1:  Anmeldefrist für Forderungen
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Dr. Hans Müller Rechtsanwalt und Notar
Murbacherstrasse 3 6003 Luzern
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  31. März 2016
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc 0/2014
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Die Kapitalherabsetzung erfolgt durch
Vernichtung von 1'553'376 eigenen Partizipationsscheinen zum Nennwert von CHF
0.10. Gemäss Art. 732 Abs. 2 OR ist im Prüfungsbericht der Ernst

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Pius Baschera
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich

NAME:  Patrice Bula
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Yens
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Galmiz


NAME:  Prof. Dr. Monika Bütler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Auw, Steinmaur


NAME:  Dr. Rudolf Werner Fischer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Walchwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schlieren


NAME:  Prof.Dr.jur. Karl Hofstetter
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Meggen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Luzern


NAME:  Silvio Napoli
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Erlenbach (ZH)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Anthony Nightingale
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hong Kong (HK)
LAND:  Hong Kong
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  lic.jur. Rolf Schweiger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Baar


NAME:  lic.jur. Carole Elisabeth Vischer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel


NAME:  Dr. Klaus W. Wellershoff
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Alfred N. Schindler
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Arth
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er hat weitere VR-Mandate inne.


NAME:  Ing. Luc Bonnard
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Arnex s. Nyon, Nyon
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er hat weitere VR-Mandate inne.


NAME:  Raymond Beaudelet
ORT:  Aix-Les-Bains (F)
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 04.11.1999 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Jeffrey Cunningham
ORT:  Greenwich, Connecticut (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 18.02.2002 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Prof.Dr.oec. Rolf Dubs
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Affoltern am Albis ZH
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 18.05.2005 358


NAME:  Walter Frehner
ORT:  Riehen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Riehen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 01.07.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Karl Hodel
ORT:  Gisikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zell LU, Emmen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.02.1995 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als VR.


NAME:  Scott D. Miller
ORT:  Snowmass (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.03.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Franz Xaver Muheim
ORT:  Altdorf UR 1
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Flüelen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.07.1995 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als VR.


NAME:  Uli Sigg
ORT:  Mauensee
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dörflingen SH, Hergiswil NW
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 11.07.1995 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.
Er/Sie fungierte als VR.


NAME:  Prof. Dr. Peter Athanassoglou
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Baden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  MörikenWildegg


NAME:  Charles Powell
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Dr. Alexander Schaub
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Duisburg (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Dr. iur. Jenö Stähelin
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel


NAME:  Carl Jürgen Tinggren
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Küssnacht SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweden


NAME:  Dr. Hubertus von Grünberg
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hannover (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Erich Ammann
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Neuheim
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ermatingen

NAME:  Peter Bergsma
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Ennetbürgen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Adrian Boutellier
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Oberrohrdorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gansingen


NAME:  Erich Murer
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Beckenried
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Beckenried


NAME:  Günter Schäuble
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hergiswil (NW)


NAME:  Joachim Walker
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gurtnellen


NAME:  Petra Winkler
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Schenko
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fislisbach


NAME:  Ruiheng Zheng
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Shanghai (CN)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  China


NAME:  Robert Amgwerd
STELLUNG:  Vizedirektor
ORT:  Meggen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schwyz, Luzern


NAME:  Melanie Ludescher
STELLUNG:  Vizedirektor
ORT:  Thalwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  St.Gallen, Eggerriet


NAME:  Prof. Dr. Peter Athanassoglou
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Baden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  MörikenWildegg


NAME:  René H. Dreier
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Trub
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.01.1999 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in.


NAME:  Bernard Illi
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ebikon, Luzern
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
10.11.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alois Lichtsteiner
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Reussbühl
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Littau
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 16.07.1997 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.
Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in.


NAME:  Alfred Spörri
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hinwil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
10.06.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Robert Studer
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Schönenberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Littau, Schönenberg ZH, Hasle LU
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
29.05.2009 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Stephan Jud
STELLUNG:  Stv. Direktor
ORT:  Adligenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kaltbrunn


NAME:  lic.oec.HSG Peter Fraefel
STELLUNG:  Vizedirektor
ORT:  Stans
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Uzwil


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Aktionärsgruppe Familien Schindler und Bonnard
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitseigentümer
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktionärsgruppe

NAME:  AS Aufzüge AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Küssnacht am Rigi
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Juli 1997
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Schindler Aufzüge AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. März 1906
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 25'000'000.00


NAME:  EbiSquare AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Dezember 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  INVENTIO AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. Januar 1933
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 11'000'000.00


NAME:  schind
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. Juli 2016
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Deutschland Management AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  27. Juni 2013
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Digital Business AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Januar 1972
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Elettronica SA
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Locarno
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Juni 1946
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Schindler Holding Berlin AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  27. Juni 2013
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Management AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Dezember 1971
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Pars International Ltd.
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Oktober 1970
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Schindler Repro AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. März 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 150'000.00


NAME:  SchindlerConsulting AG in Liquidation
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. April 1999
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Schuldenruf infolge Liquidation
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  18. Dezember 2015
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  3. Publikation
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Schindler-Gruppe
ORT:  Hergiswil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Priska Meier
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Udligenswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dietwil, Honau, Meierskappel

NAME:  Yvonne Schönenberger
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Steinhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Langnau im Emmental, Kirchberg S


NAME:  Peter Schramek
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Cham
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Aarau


NAME:  Thomas Waser
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Oberägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Oberägeri


NAME:  Alois Schmidli
ORT:  Root
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Root
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
01.07.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr.jur. Hugo Waser
ORT:  Stansstad
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Stansstad, Wolfenschiessen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.02.2002 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Robert Amgwerd
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Meggen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schwyz, Luzern


NAME:  Walter Graf
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Buchrain
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Emmen

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  nicht operativ tätig
EXPORTANTEIL:  80

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften

   Beteiligung an sowie Leitung und Finanzierung von Unternehmungen im In- und
Ausland.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                 CHF 750.00
2015                 CHF 800.00
2014                 CHF 805.00
2013               CHF 1'105.00
2012                 CHF 629.00
2011                 CHF 743.00
2010                 CHF 776.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Einzelabschluss Holding.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Aktionärsgruppe Familien Schindler und Bonnard
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitsakt.
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktionärsgruppe

NAME:  EbiSquare AG
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  24. Dezember 2001
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 500'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  INVENTIO AG
ORT:  Hergiswil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  25. Januar 1933
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 11'000'000.00


NAME:  schind
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. Juli 2016
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  SchindlerConsulting AG in Liquidation
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  8. April 1999
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 250'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Schuldenruf infolge Liquidation
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  18. Dezember 2015
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSSTANDES:  3. Publikation
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Schindler Deutschland Management AG
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  27. Juni 2013
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Elettronica SA
ORT:  Locarno
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Juni 1946
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Schindler Holding Berlin AG
ORT:  Hergiswil NW
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  27. Juni 2013
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Digital Business AG
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Januar 1972
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Management AG
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. Dezember 1971
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  Schindler Pars International Ltd.
ORT:  Hergiswil
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Oktober 1970
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Schindler Repro AG
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  21. März 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 150'000.00


NAME:  AS Aufzüge AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Küssnacht am Rigi
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  28. Juli 1997
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 7'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 10: Umsatz CHF 8.2 Mrd., 43'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Schindler Aufzüge AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. März 1906
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 25'000'000.00


LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Schindler Berufsbildung
ORT:  Ebikon
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Verein
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. April 2003

NAME:  SwissHoldings
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Verein

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Ernst & Young AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  5. Oktober 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 8'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Bern


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Diverse Liegenschaften
OBJEKT:  vorhanden.
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'707'745.20
LIBIERUNG:  6'707'745.20 liberiert
KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 4'071'683.10
LIBIERUNG:  4'071'683.10 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  67'077'452
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Partizipationsscheine
ANZAHL:  40'716'831
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  44'236'311 Inhaberpartizipationsscheine zu CHF 0.10.


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  8. Juni 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'806'180.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'707'745.20

KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  8. Juni 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'423'631.10
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'071'683.10


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Juni 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'818'035.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'806'180.20


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  1. Juni 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'461'853.30
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'423'631.10


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  30. Mai 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'088'764.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'818'035.20


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  30. Mai 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'617'190.90
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'461'853.30


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Juni 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'144'005.60
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'088'764.50


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  11. Juni 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'689'480.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'617'190.90


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  4. Juni 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'177'670.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'144'005.60


KAPITALART:  PS-Kapital
GV DATUM:  4. Juni 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'860'940.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'689'480.00


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  13. Oktober 2009
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 5.72 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 3.99 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 1.72 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  gehen auf die übernehmende Gesellschaft über. Da die
übernehmende Gesellschaft sämtliche Aktien der übertragenden Gesellschaft hält,
findet weder eine Kapitalerhöhung noch

FUSIONDATUM:  5. Juli 2005
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 46.19 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 36.05 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 10.14 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  gem. Fusionsvertrag vom 13.06.2005 und Bilanz per
01.01.2005


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  21. September 1970
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Pars Finanz AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Schindler Holding AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Look-alikes meeting for regional honors;
Similar in style and history, winner goes to state semifinals.;
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL ALTER

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 453 words


Alter's Nick Coleman leads the Knights into their playoff game against
Clinton-Massie with the a state semifinal berth awaiting the winner.

Alter coach Ed Domsitz sees Clinton-Massie as a 'mirror image' of his 11-1
squad.

KETTERING - Their colors will be different, but that's just about all that will
differentiate Alter and Clinton-Massie in a high school football playoff
showdown this week.

Both programs have been on a decade-long dominating run, both favor the
throw-back wishbone offense and both are equipped with shutdown defenses.

"It's a little bit of a mirror image," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said on Tuesday.

"There are some things that we spend a little more time on and there are things
that they do that we don't spend as much time on. It's not exactly the same but
there are some similarities that are a little bit unusual considering that
you're looking at two teams that line up in the wishbone a considerable amount."

Both teams put 11-1 records on the line in Friday's 7:30 p.m. Division IV,
Region 14 final at Welcome Stadium. The winner advances to next week's state
semifinals.

That's just one of seven games on Friday and Saturday that will feature area
teams that have advanced three games into the postseason.

Massie, a public school and South Central Ohio League member, is anchored in the
Clinton County town of Clarksville. The Falcons are the defending D-IV state
champs and have the most likely player to double as a hero of old English
literature, Bayle Wolf.

A senior running back, Wolf surpassed 5,000 career rushing yards in a 52-14
hammering of McNicholas last week. And he did it by going for a school-record
365 yards and six touchdowns. That upped his career scores to 104, tied for
sixth all-time in Ohio. He is uncommitted on a college.

It'll be up to Alter senior twin linebackers Tim and Andrew Seifert, three-year
starter John Manfreda and a dominant front of senior linemen Lane Breyer, Joseph
Kraemer and Donald Kiley and juniors Dean Lemon and Kraig Howe to slow the
Falcons' high-scoring offense.

That core group shut down Valley View last week, 28-0.

There is a one-game history between Alter and Massie. In 2009, Alter beat
top-seeded and previously unbeaten Clinton-Massie in another regional final,
32-7. The Knights won their second straight D-IV state title that season.

This time Alter is the No. 1 seed and Massie No.

2. The Knights haven't lost since Week 2 to Thur-good Marshall, 34-14. Massie
fell 21-16 to Columbus De Sales in Week 5.

"From the beginning we felt if we had the right chemistry and could see the
improvement, we could have a pretty good football team," Domsitz said. "It's
been a good ride."

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.Pendl eton@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Look-alikes meeting for regional honors;
Similar in style and history, winner goes to state semifinals.;
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL ALTER

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 453 words


Alter's Nick Coleman leads the Knights into their playoff game against
Clinton-Massie with the a state semifinal berth awaiting the winner.

Alter coach Ed Domsitz sees Clinton-Massie as a 'mirror image' of his 11-1
squad.

KETTERING - Their colors will be different, but that's just about all that will
differentiate Alter and Clinton-Massie in a high school football playoff
showdown this week.

Both programs have been on a decade-long dominating run, both favor the
throw-back wishbone offense and both are equipped with shutdown defenses.

"It's a little bit of a mirror image," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said on Tuesday.

"There are some things that we spend a little more time on and there are things
that they do that we don't spend as much time on. It's not exactly the same but
there are some similarities that are a little bit unusual considering that
you're looking at two teams that line up in the wishbone a considerable amount."

Both teams put 11-1 records on the line in Friday's 7:30 p.m. Division IV,
Region 14 final at Welcome Stadium. The winner advances to next week's state
semifinals.

That's just one of seven games on Friday and Saturday that will feature area
teams that have advanced three games into the postseason.

Massie, a public school and South Central Ohio League member, is anchored in the
Clinton County town of Clarksville. The Falcons are the defending D-IV state
champs and have the most likely player to double as a hero of old English
literature, Bayle Wolf.

A senior running back, Wolf surpassed 5,000 career rushing yards in a 52-14
hammering of McNicholas last week. And he did it by going for a school-record
365 yards and six touchdowns. That upped his career scores to 104, tied for
sixth all-time in Ohio. He is uncommitted on a college.

It'll be up to Alter senior twin linebackers Tim and Andrew Seifert, three-year
starter John Manfreda and a dominant front of senior linemen Lane Breyer, Joseph
Kraemer and Donald Kiley and juniors Dean Lemon and Kraig Howe to slow the
Falcons' high-scoring offense.

That core group shut down Valley View last week, 28-0.

There is a one-game history between Alter and Massie. In 2009, Alter beat
top-seeded and previously unbeaten Clinton-Massie in another regional final,
32-7. The Knights won their second straight D-IV state title that season.

This time Alter is the No. 1 seed and Massie No.

2. The Knights haven't lost since Week 2 to Thur-good Marshall, 34-14. Massie
fell 21-16 to Columbus De Sales in Week 5.

"From the beginning we felt if we had the right chemistry and could see the
improvement, we could have a pretty good football team," Domsitz said. "It's
been a good ride."

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.Pendl eton@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 30, 2009 Friday

CJ next up to challenge ultimate dominator Alter;
Eagles should give Knights a battle for the Greater Catholic League North
Division championship.

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 284 words


During the summer, the Chaminade Julienne football team went through a few
7-on-7 passing tournaments.

The events are run without linemen and provide practice mainly for the passing
game and passing defense, and can sometimes be more leisurely in nature. CJ's
first matchup was against Trotwood-Madison.

"It was heated," CJ coach Andy Helms said. "We knew then it was gong to be a fun
bunch. We could see they loved to compete."

CJ now enters its biggest challenge to date. At 8-1 and No. 6 in the state in
Division III, CJ will try to become the first team this season to provide a
full-game challenge to Alter (9-0, No. 1 in D-IV) in the Dayton Daily News Game
of the Week tonight, Oct. 30.

The game was moved to Northmont High School because of the anticipated crowd,
which has been buzzing about this Greater Catholic League North
Division-deciding matchup of rivals that Alter has won eight straight times in
the regular season.

The game also will be shown on ONN tape delay at 12:30 a.m. and 8:30 a.m.
Saturday.

"Its importance has been elevated by the fact that both teams have done so
well," Alter coach Ed Domsitz said.

Alter followed its 2008 D-IV state championship by winning its first nine this
season by an average of 25.3 points. CJ has faced more nail-biters, playing five
games decided by 10 points or fewer. The Eagles' only loss (after a gained
forfeit from Marshall from Week 2) came by one point, 17-16 in overtime to
McNicholas.

The game has become one of the most anticipated in the area this season.

"This is a team that's been dominant for a very long period of time," Helms said
of Alter. "It's the type of game you want, a Week 10 battle for a league
championship that has significance."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 23, 2011 Friday

Montgomery County

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 559 words


DAYTON

Residents want city support on post office

Dayton City Commissioners heard a plea for help Wednesday from a group of
residents campaigning to keep the Westown post office from closing.

That Paul Laurence Dunbar branch is one of several local postal facilities in
danger of closing as the U.S. Postal Service cites budget woes. Julia Capers
said her group has collected 3,846 signatures against the closing, but asked the
City Commission to press the issue with local legislators.

"We, the citizens of West Dayton, have allowed too much to be taken from our
community without a fight," Capers said. "Not this time."

City Commissioner Dean Lovelace said a resolution of support would be on next
week's agenda. JEREMY P. KELLEY

KETTERING

Alter to induct 8 into Alumni Hall of Fame

Alter High School will induct eight new members into its Alumni Hall of Fame
from 6 to 9 p.m. Thursday at the Presidential Banquet Center, 4572 Presidential
Way in Kettering.

Alter graduates are selected for the Hall as a distinguished alumni or for
athletic achievement.

This year's distinguished alumni are Larry Connor, class of 1968; Dr. Dan
Berger, class of 1970; Rob Suttman, class of 1978; and John White, class of
1978.

The alumni to be honored for althletic achievement are Mike Fisher, class of
1966; Janet Albers (1979); Paul Howe (1984); and Gino DiGuard (1995).

The deadline to buy tickets is Monday. For tickets or more information, call
(937) 343-2059. JILL KELLEY

DAYTON

Artist comes back home to alma mater

Renowned artist Curtis Mann, a 1998 graduate of Chaminade Julienne High School,
returned to his alma mater this week to meet with art, photography and English
classes.

Mann, whose artwork has been shown at the Whitney Museum of American Art and the
Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, was also featured on the cover of the
New York Times Sunday Magazine on July 24.

Best known for his technique of using bleach to manipulate photographs, Mann
currently lives in Chicago. His artwork is now on display at an exhibition
through Nov. 6 in Berlin . MEREDITH MOSS

DAYTON

Shakespeare stars in marathon fundraiser

Free Shakespeare and Optum Nurses for a Cure, a team with the Centerville
chapter of Relay for Life, will present Shakespeare for Life, a marathon relay
reading of the William Shakespeare's works. The relay will run from 8 p.m. Oct.
7 to 8 p.m. Oct. 14 at the Blue Sky Gallery, 33 N. Main St., Dayton.

The event will start with a reading of "Julius Caesar," with the goal of reading
all 37 plays, 154 sonnets and five poems credited to Shakespeare. The public is
invited to read or listen.

Participants are asked to gather at least $25 in pledges to benefit both Optum
Nurses for a Cure and Free Shakespeare! A silent auction also will be held
during the event. STAFF REPORT

OAKWOOD

Author to read to preschoolers

Wright Library will host children's author Janna Matthies Oct. 5. During her
visit Matthies will host a preschool storytime, speak to school-age children
about her career as a writer and present a writers' workshop, "Writing for
Children: My Journey to Publication." During the 10:30 a.m. storytime she will
read from her book, "Peter, the Knight with Asthma," and talk about how
allergies affect children. She also will host a Writers' Workshop at 7 p.m. in
the library's meeting room.

Wright Library is located at 1776 Far Hills Ave. STAFF REPORT

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 30, 2009 Thursday

Alter grad earns special scholarship;
Because of more than 400 hours of volunteer work, Ignozzi given Roger Fellows
Award.

BYLINE: By Ryan Hehr Contributing Writer

SECTION: CENTERVILLE & WASHINGTON TWP.; Pg. RH8

LENGTH: 521 words


CENTERVILLE - Lauren Ignozzi, a recent Alter High School graduate, had a tennis
season this past spring that most seniors would love to have.

Ignozzi and senior Christina Miller were on the varsity squad's first doubles
team and earned a 19-5 record. They advanced to the Division II district round
before being eliminated.

Even with all those accomplishments, Ignozzi's tennis season was far from the
highlight of her year. Instead, it was her vast amount of volunteer work that
stole the spotlight.

Ignozzi volunteered more than 400 hours at nursing homes, the Special Olympics
and the Kettering Recreational Center. To Ignozzi, the high point of her year
was when she set up a senior-senior prom, a dance for senior citizens, through
the Key Club at Alter.

The event involved about 100 senior citizens and 30 student volunteers. Those
actions helped earn the Centerville resident the $3,500 Roger Fellows
Scholarship Award from the Kettering-Centerville Kiwanis.

"It was just great to see everyone's faces and it was a fun night for them to
get ready for, going there for the dancing and all that," Ignozzi said. "It was
great and I couldn't have asked for anything greater to happen."

That same upbeat attitude and light-heartedness also helped her get through one
of the toughest parts of her life.

Following the tennis season, Ignozzi started to experience episodes where, as
she put it, she would "become paralyzed to my own body."

From October to May, Ignozzi had several trips to the emergency room and made
numerous visits to the doctor's office. After eight months, doctors finally
determined that she was suffering from a rare disease known as Periodic
Paralysis.

But even when doctors couldn't determine what was wrong, Ignozzi stayed
positive.

"I always thought that it could be worse and there are worse things that can
happen," she said. "Life went on and I just went to the doctors, so it worked
out in the end."

She is on medication to treat the disease, but it hasn't stopped her from
wanting to move a long way from home to attend college.

Ignozzi will attend High Point University in North Carolina, where she plans to
major in special education. She chose the school because she wanted to see what
life outside of Ohio was like.

She chose the career because of the inspiration her volunteer work gave her.

"(Other people) always say that it is a very rewarding career and I definitely
think it will be," Ignozzi said. "I know that it is not something for everyone,
but I am really happy that I am someone who can be able to do that and really
have a passion for that."

Getting paid a lot of money for her hard work isn't something that concerns
Ignozzi. Even when she was awarded the Roger Fellows Scholarship, Ignozzi never
thought of it as a way of being paid.

"I applied for the scholarship because I applied for a lot of scholarships and
then when I got it, it was definitely a surprise," she said. "It was nice to be
honored by people who honor service.

"I wouldn't say it would be my pay, though, because that (volunteer work) is
something you do for the benefit of others."

Contact this reporter at hehr.3@wright.edu

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School grad Lauren Ignozzi was a standout tennis player,
teaming with Christina Miller to go 19-5 in doubles this past season. Ignozzi
earned a college scholarship for her volunteer activities and will attend High
Point University in North Carolina. Staff photo by Jim Witmer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 30, 2009 Thursday

Alter grad earns special scholarship;
Because of more than 400 hours of volunteer work, Ignozzi given Roger Fellows
Award.

BYLINE: By Ryan Hehr Contributing Writer

SECTION: SPRINGBORO & CLEARCREEK TWP; Pg. RI13

LENGTH: 521 words


CENTERVILLE - Lauren Ignozzi, a recent Alter High School graduate, had a tennis
season this past spring that most seniors would love to have.

Ignozzi and senior Christina Miller were on the varsity squad's first doubles
team and earned a 19-5 record. They advanced to the Division II district round
before being eliminated.

Even with all those accomplishments, Ignozzi's tennis season was far from the
highlight of her year. Instead, it was her vast amount of volunteer work that
stole the spotlight.

Ignozzi volunteered more than 400 hours at nursing homes, the Special Olympics
and the Kettering Recreational Center. To Ignozzi, the high point of her year
was when she set up a senior-senior prom, a dance for senior citizens, through
the Key Club at Alter.

The event involved about 100 senior citizens and 30 student volunteers. Those
actions helped earn the Centerville resident the $3,500 Roger Fellows
Scholarship Award from the Kettering-Centerville Kiwanis.

"It was just great to see everyone's faces and it was a fun night for them to
get ready for, going there for the dancing and all that," Ignozzi said. "It was
great and I couldn't have asked for anything greater to happen."

That same upbeat attitude and light-heartedness also helped her get through one
of the toughest parts of her life.

Following the tennis season, Ignozzi started to experience episodes where, as
she put it, she would "become paralyzed to my own body."

From October to May, Ignozzi had several trips to the emergency room and made
numerous visits to the doctor's office. After eight months, doctors finally
determined that she was suffering from a rare disease known as Periodic
Paralysis.

But even when doctors couldn't determine what was wrong, Ignozzi stayed
positive.

"I always thought that it could be worse and there are worse things that can
happen," she said. "Life went on and I just went to the doctors, so it worked
out in the end."

She is on medication to treat the disease, but it hasn't stopped her from
wanting to move a long way from home to attend college.

Ignozzi will attend High Point University in North Carolina, where she plans to
major in special education. She chose the school because she wanted to see what
life outside of Ohio was like.

She chose the career because of the inspiration her volunteer work gave her.

"(Other people) always say that it is a very rewarding career and I definitely
think it will be," Ignozzi said. "I know that it is not something for everyone,
but I am really happy that I am someone who can be able to do that and really
have a passion for that."

Getting paid a lot of money for her hard work isn't something that concerns
Ignozzi. Even when she was awarded the Roger Fellows Scholarship, Ignozzi never
thought of it as a way of being paid.

"I applied for the scholarship because I applied for a lot of scholarships and
then when I got it, it was definitely a surprise," she said. "It was nice to be
honored by people who honor service.

"I wouldn't say it would be my pay, though, because that (volunteer work) is
something you do for the benefit of others."

Contact this reporter at hehr.3@wright.edu

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School grad Lauren Ignozzi was a standout tennis player,
teaming with Christina Miller to go 19-5 in doubles this past season. Ignozzi
earned a college scholarship for her volunteer activities and will attend High
Point University in North Carolina. Staff photo by Jim Witmer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 30, 2009 Thursday

Alter grad earns special scholarship;
Because of more than 400 hours of volunteer work, Ignozzi given Roger Fellows
Award.

BYLINE: By Ryan Hehr Contributing Writer

SECTION: KETTERING & OAKWOOD; Pg. RD6

LENGTH: 521 words


CENTERVILLE - Lauren Ignozzi, a recent Alter High School graduate, had a tennis
season this past spring that most seniors would love to have.

Ignozzi and senior Christina Miller were on the varsity squad's first doubles
team and earned a 19-5 record. They advanced to the Division II district round
before being eliminated.

Even with all those accomplishments, Ignozzi's tennis season was far from the
highlight of her year. Instead, it was her vast amount of volunteer work that
stole the spotlight.

Ignozzi volunteered more than 400 hours at nursing homes, the Special Olympics
and the Kettering Recreational Center. To Ignozzi, the high point of her year
was when she set up a senior-senior prom, a dance for senior citizens, through
the Key Club at Alter.

The event involved about 100 senior citizens and 30 student volunteers. Those
actions helped earn the Centerville resident the $3,500 Roger Fellows
Scholarship Award from the Kettering-Centerville Kiwanis.

"It was just great to see everyone's faces and it was a fun night for them to
get ready for, going there for the dancing and all that," Ignozzi said. "It was
great and I couldn't have asked for anything greater to happen."

That same upbeat attitude and light-heartedness also helped her get through one
of the toughest parts of her life.

Following the tennis season, Ignozzi started to experience episodes where, as
she put it, she would "become paralyzed to my own body."

From October to May, Ignozzi had several trips to the emergency room and made
numerous visits to the doctor's office. After eight months, doctors finally
determined that she was suffering from a rare disease known as Periodic
Paralysis.

But even when doctors couldn't determine what was wrong, Ignozzi stayed
positive.

"I always thought that it could be worse and there are worse things that can
happen," she said. "Life went on and I just went to the doctors, so it worked
out in the end."

She is on medication to treat the disease, but it hasn't stopped her from
wanting to move a long way from home to attend college.

Ignozzi will attend High Point University in North Carolina, where she plans to
major in special education. She chose the school because she wanted to see what
life outside of Ohio was like.

She chose the career because of the inspiration her volunteer work gave her.

"(Other people) always say that it is a very rewarding career and I definitely
think it will be," Ignozzi said. "I know that it is not something for everyone,
but I am really happy that I am someone who can be able to do that and really
have a passion for that."

Getting paid a lot of money for her hard work isn't something that concerns
Ignozzi. Even when she was awarded the Roger Fellows Scholarship, Ignozzi never
thought of it as a way of being paid.

"I applied for the scholarship because I applied for a lot of scholarships and
then when I got it, it was definitely a surprise," she said. "It was nice to be
honored by people who honor service.

"I wouldn't say it would be my pay, though, because that (volunteer work) is
something you do for the benefit of others."

Contact this reporter at hehr.3@wright.edu

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School grad Lauren Ignozzi was a standout tennis player,
teaming with Christina Miller to go 19-5 in doubles this past season. Ignozzi
earned a college scholarship for her volunteer activities and will attend High
Point University in North Carolina. Staff photo by Jim Witmer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               December 15, 1997

The word from the top;
They hate expensive, runaway projects. They want to use IT for competitive edge.
And theyre fed up with CEOs who pass off IT presentations to the CIO. Boards of
directors are getting involved in IT decisions

BYLINE: Allan E. Alter; Alter is Computerworlds department editor, Managing.

SECTION: MANAGING; Managing; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 1809 words

It used to be that even major IT decisions received scant attention from the
board of directors. Not any more. Computerworld's Allan E. Alter met with
executives attending the Wharton Directors' Institute in Pebble Beach, Calif.
The three-day program is run by the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia for senior executives and corporate directors.
Alter learned that directors are discussing information technology projects and
partners, and demanding that general managers get more involved in IT decisions
and strategies. The following is an edited version of the hour-long
conversation.
CW: Jack, you were the chief information officer and chief financial officer of
the Sara Lee Bakery division before being named its president. In which areas
are you satisfied you are getting a payoff from IT? And in which areas are you
dissatisfied?
Jack Robinson, Sara Lee: We're very pleased with the options we can use to
improve key processes. In particular, we've been focusing on how we manage our
supply chain. We are not satisfied with our understanding of how the tools can
change the way we do business. We wind up using the new tools to do things in
the old way, so we don't get the payback as fast as we should. Business managers
need to create a set of expectations, so the people who actually use the tools
take advantage of their capabilities.
CW: As chief transformation officer, getting people to use technology to create
change is something you must think about, Jos.
Jos Stalenhoef, Chiquita: Yes. As far as IT is concerned, my company probably
suffered from an overambitious set of targets that didn't really fit our
strategy. There were too many people asking for projects, and the information
systems organization and individuals were driving the work, rather than the
business hats prioritizing the work in line with the business strategy. Who is
accountable for the results? In my book, those are the business hats.
CW: Dennis, your search firm recruits both CEOs and board members. Since
business managers need to take IT responsibility, do you see companies trying to
recruit executives who understand technology?
Dennis Carey, Stuart Spencer: There is enormous interest in recruiting not only
CEOs but other executives who understand technology.
I'm sensing discomfort from board members on whether they are getting answers
from IS management on the strategic advantages brought by technology and the
capital investment costs for obtaining advantage. Board members are extremely
uncomfortable about approving major projects without confidence that the
management team is technology-literate. They want executives who understand the
rapidity of change but also don't buy new software or hardware every other week
just to prove that they are up to speed.
Boards are demanding that the CEO get much more technology-literate. Directors
want the CEO to stand up and give IT presentations to assure the board that the
CEO is directly involved in these decisions. And we are seeing requests for
directors with strong technology backgrounds. It was literally unheard of five
years ago to recruit a CIO to a board. Now it's becoming very common.
CW: Robert, you sit on four boards. Are you seeing the same board-level interest
in IT as Dennis?
Robert Mittelstaedt, Wharton: While I agree about the need to link strategy and
IT, my guess is that not 20% of the companies in this country are there yet. I'm
amazed at the times I am called in to look at a system that has been in
development for five years and is millions of dollars in the hole and still
isn't going to work, and they are getting ready to shut it down.
The fact that there hasn't been delivery on IT in about 80% of companies is
driving IT to a board-level issue.
Charles White, Unisource: Bob, why do you think we're still seeing that?
Mittelstaedt: There's not enough involvement of the people who have the real
business objectives. There's still a big tendency to throw the problem over the
wall to the techies and hope that they can figure it out.
CW: Charles, I read that your CFO has been asked to evaluate your company's IT
programs. He recently joined your company from Philip Morris and Miller Brewing
and had a great deal of IS experience. What is happening at Unisource?
White: Unisource began a project 4-1/2 years ago to create a new enterprisewide
information system. We went through all the meetings to determine what the best
practices were, and then we selected a software provider.
Last year we had concerns about the cost -- not just the investment in
developing the system, but the ongoing cost of maintaining, then actually
running it. We've spent more than $ 136 million on this system. We put it in two
of our operating divisions, and we've been running them now for a couple of
months. We decided to postpone any further investment or rollout in the system
until we could quantify exactly the improvements, productivity issues and the
real gains that we can expect.
It's like something that creates a life of its own. You have so much invested in
it, it just perpetuates itself, until you realize that you had better validate
what the productivity is or not invest any further. (Editor's note: White
declined to name the vendor or product in question.)
CW: It's clear you all feel technology is now a board-level issue. Could you
talk about the role of corporate directors in IT decision making?
Mittelstaedt: On one board, I began asking questions about operational problems
that eventually turned out to be IT problems, even though it wasn't obvious that
IT was the problem at the outset. It wasn't because people weren't whipping
those that worked for them hard enough. It was that people were in some cases
doing extraordinary things to keep things together that fundamentally didn't
work at a systems level.
The CIO understood the problem but didn't see the support and understanding of
the breadth of his problem. Now he's got a clearly different view.
Carey: There are some radical changes over the last couple of years.
Directors are awakening to the investment that's being spent in technology
infrastructure. It's the board's fiduciary responsibility to ensure that the
com-pany strategically is positioned well, so directors are getting much more
concerned about the impact of their investment on strategic advantage. We
understand that's difficult to quantify.
CEOs are more on the spot to have cost-benefit analyses and assessments of what
your competition is doing in IT. I never heard this three years ago. Now I hear
at the board level about all the other competitors, what systems they have, what
architecture they have, what their investment structure looks like.
It comes down to: Does the board trust the CEO to have that intuitive sense?
It's as simple as that.
CW: Who's going to educate the board?
Carey: We have asked the CEO to immerse himself in these issues.
CW: But can the CIO be the person who educates the board? Or do you think that
education has to come from someone else?
Carey: In our case, we specifically get concerned when the CIO is making all the
presentations on technology infrastructure.
CW: I see heads nodding everywhere.
Carey: The way some IT vendors are structured today, once you make a commitment,
the CEO has to be accountable for what deals are made, what advantages can be
had by positioning themselves as a strategic partner. Three years ago, a
strategic partnering with technology companies was unheard of. Now there are
discussions at the board level. It's not so much a matter of how do we bring the
board up to speed in technology but of asking the right questions about the
relationships.
Robinson: Management has to understand that how businesses work with people who
sell them the technology must change. You're not just buying a piece of hardware
or software. You're making decisions that change the business. Top management
needs to understand their IT partners and their capabilities. They should have
face time with them.
White: People believe that technology is a cure-all for strategic advantage. But
the real issue is, how much technology can you afford?
CW: If boards are more involved, and CEOs and CFOs are expected to be more
knowledgeable about technology, how does that change the role of the CIO?
Mittelstaedt: Ideally, the CIO should come up with the vision to use the
technology and gain the support of board members. It means the CIO has an
opportunity to have even more visibility with the board in a forward-thinking
company.
Stalenhoef: I think it differs by company. If you talk about banking or Wal-Mart
or maybe even Unisource, they are so dependent on the big box. And at that
point, the role of the CIO is quite different from a company where they could
get by without the big box.
CW: How will the IS organization itself need to change in the future?
White: There can't be a separation between the IT department and the functional
business executives.
They need to be very integrated. You can't have people writing code who don't
have some understanding of the business process and the business objectives.
Sidebar
The Execs
Dennis C. Carey, 48
Title: Vice chairman
Organization: Spencer Stuart, U.S.
(Carey is based in Philadelphia; Spencer Stuart is an executive search firm)
Board affiliations:
Closure Medical Corp. in Raleigh, N.C.
Spencer Stuart, U.S.
Charles White, 51
Title: President and chief operating officer
Organization: Unisource Worldwide, Inc. in Exton, Pa.
(Unisource is a $ 7 billion wholesale distributor of printing paper, packaging
materials and sanitary maintenance supplies.)
Jos Stalenhoef, 56
Title: Chief Transformation Officer
Organization: Chiquita Brands International in Cincinnati
(Chiquita is an international maker and distributor of foods.)
Board affiliation:
Azar Nut Co. in El Paso, Texas
Robert Mittelstaedt, 54
Title: Vice dean and director, Aresty Institute of Executive Education
Organization: Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania
Board affiliations:
uLaboratory Corporation of America, Inc. in Burlington, N.C. (clinical lab
testing)
A. G. Simpson Automotive, Inc. in Toronto (auto supplier)
Innovative Solutions and Support, Inc. in Malvern, Pa. (aircraft
instrumentation)
HIP Foundation, Inc. in New York (parent company of HMO)
Jack Robinson, 43
Title: President, Specialty Markets division
Organization: Sara Lee Bakery in Chicago
Board affiliations:
Deluxe Corp. in Shoreview, Minn. (check printing and electronic payment
services)
Chicago Architecture
Foundation (trustee)
URL
@Computerworld
A more complete version of the hour-long conversation with the five executives
is at our Web site in the Managing section. Visit www.computerworld.com/news;
look under Features.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photos: Dennis Carey, Charles White, Jos Stalenhoef, Robert
Mittelstaedt and Jack Robinson, source: Robert Holmgren

                       Copyright 1997 Computerworld, Inc.


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                   flatev ag;

                                 Weite Gasse 3
                                  Zürich 8001
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. April 2012
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
INTERNET: www.flatev.com
E-MAIL: info@flatev.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 421392515

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 12.03.2012
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  13. Februar 2015
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
FIRMENNAME:  FLATEV GmbH
FIRMENORT:  Zürich
AKTIVA:  CHF 65'746.29
PASSIVA:  CHF 37'244.39
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 28'501.90
 FILIALE(N): Boston, MA (USA) / Silicon Valley (USA)
LIIERTE FIRMEN: Angaben liegen nicht vor
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Angaben liegen nicht vor

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Louis Renaud Paul François Frachon
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zollikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Vaulruz, Genf

NAME:  Tonio Meier
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lucerne


NAME:  Carlos Alberto Ruiz Preciado
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Mexiko


NAME:  Jonas Alexander Müller
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland



EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Louis Renaud Paul François Frachon
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  zollikon
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Vaulruz, Genf

NAME:  Marc Lickes
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Luxemburg


NAME:  Tonio Meier
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lucerne


NAME:  Carlos Alberto Ruiz Preciado
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Mexiko


GESELLSCHAFTER:
NAME:  Jonas Alexander Müller
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 1'200.00

NAME:  Carlos Alberto Ruiz Preciado
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Mexiko
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Stammeinlage
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 19'500.00


WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Marc Lickes
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Luxemburg

WEITERES GESCHÄFTSLOKAL:
NAME:  flatev ag
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  weiteres Geschäftslokal

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Entwicklung, Herstellung und Verkauf einer vollautomatischen Tortilla-
Maschine / Personalbestand: ca. 13

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
ENTWICKLUNG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
27510 - Herstellung von elektrischen Haushaltsgeräten

   Die Gesellschaft bezweckt die Entwicklung von Lifestyle Lebensmittelprodukten
und Haushaltsgeräten sowie die Herstellung, den Kauf und Verkauf von beiden
Produkten. Die Gesellschaft kann Zweigniederlassungen und Tochtergesellschaften
im In- und Ausland errichten und sich an anderen Unternehmen im In- und Ausland
beteiligen sowie alle Geschäfte tätigen, die direkt oder indirekt mit ihrem
Zweck in Zusammenhang stehen. Die Gesellschaft kann im In- und Ausland
Grundeigentum erwerben, belasten, veräussern und verwalten. Sie kann auch
Finanzierungen für eigene oder fremde Rechnung vornehmen sowie Garantien und
Bürgschaften für Tochtergesellschaften und Dritte eingehen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 4.60
2015                   CHF 4.60

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR NICHT BESTÄTIGT:
NAME:  Louis Renaud Paul François Frachon
ORT:  zollikon
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Vaulruz, Genf

NAME:  Marc Lickes
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Luxemburg


NAME:  Tonio Meier
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lucerne


NAME:  Carlos Alberto Ruiz Preciado
ORT:  zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Mexiko

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  serves control gmbh
ORT:  Baden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  GmbH
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  20. Dezember 2007
KAPITALART:  Stammkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 20'000.00

NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Die Angaben über Grundeigentum beschränken sich auf
das Domizil.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 170'077.94
LIBIERUNG:  170'077.94 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  17'007'794
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Februar 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 131'001.42
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 170'077.94

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. August 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 122'545.17
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 131'001.42


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. Oktober 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 112'750.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 122'545.17


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. Juli 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 110'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 112'750.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  17. Januar 2013
ALTES DOMIZIL:  FLATEV GmbH
NEUES DOMIZIL:  flatev ag

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 15, 2010 Friday

Area's D-II strength shows in state polls

BYLINE: KYLE NAGEL COMMENTARY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 456 words


In November, I was preparing for a Trotwood-Madison High School football playoff
game, and I was chatting with another reporter in the press box.

We were talking about the strength of the Miami Valley. Trotwood was preparing
to play Cincinnati Turpin, which was ranked No. 2 in the state and undefeated,
while the Rams were 8-3. But that reporter, who covered Cincinnati schools, said
he half expected Trotwood to run over Turpin.

In Division I, that's difficult, he said, because the Cincinnati schools have
proven to be so powerful. But in D-II, Dayton can get its revenge on the Queen
City. The Dayton area, he said, is often scary in D-II, while Cincinnati teams
aren't as strong there.

Trotwood, indeed, topped Turpin 43-7. Although the Rams lost the next week to
Cincinnati Winton Woods, it still was a solid point.

Which brings us to basketball. The release of the first Associated Press state
boys and girls polls this week proved what a wealth of D-II talent exists in the
Miami Valley. The area claimed the No. 1 team in boys (Dunbar) and girls (Alter
), and another top 5 team in each (No. 5 Chaminade Julienne in boys and No. 4
Tippecanoe in girls).

That doesn't include the rest of the area's D-II strength. In boys, Marshall is
coming off a state final appearance, Fenwick remains undefeated, and Tippecanoe
has been strong for several seasons. In girls, Carroll has been impressive in
competing with the best, and CJ continues to boast University of Connecticut
recruit Samarie Walker.

"I thought the same when I was coaching girls," said Pete Pullen, the Dunbar
boys coach. "The Dayton area, to get out of it (in the tournament), is very
difficult. It has been that way for years."

The D-II area teams don't have to plow through the big Cincinnati private
schools in the tournament.

Dunbar's boys, for instance, won consecutive D-II titles in 2006 and '07.
Marshall lost its D-II title game last season to Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary. The
Alter girls have advanced to the state semifinals in two straight seasons and
won the title in 2008.

That all preceded what should be another highly entertaining battle between the
area D-II schools in the regular season and in the tournament. We already had a
couple of can't-miss finishes, when the Dunbar boys beat CJ by five points early
in the season and the visiting Alter girls beat CJ in the final few seconds.
More of those games should be coming.

Plus, from the first polls, we know that D-II schools around the state are
looking up at Dunbar and Alter.

"It just takes the target a little bigger, I think," said Alter coach Chris
Hart. "That's where you'd like to be in that very last poll at the end of the
year."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-7389 or knagel @DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Knights reign in state again;
Alter beats No. 1-rated Columbus Watterson in 5 sets to claim crown.;
VOLLEYBALL

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 431 words


HAMILTON - The Alter Knights expected a battle and the Columbus Watterson Eagles
delivered.

With the state title on the line, the Knights fought to a 20-25, 25-21, 18-25,
25-17, 15-7 win, claiming the Division II Ohio High School Boys Volleyball
Association championship at Hamilton High School on Sunday. It is Alter's third
state volleyball title in the past four years.

"We knew Watterson was tough, they were ranked No. 1 for a reason," Alter coach
Craig Erford said. "We figured it would go five."

The Knights started strong, taking a quick 3-0 lead in the opening set before
the Eagles took control. Capitalizing on Alter miscues, the Eagles 5-1 run
midway through the set helped Watterson translate a 13-13 tie into an 18-14 lead
- a lead they wouldn't relinquish in the set. It was time for the Knights to
regroup.

"We talked about needing to play our game, which we weren't doing in the first
set," Erford said.

The Knights responded, evening the contest at 1-1, but the evenly matched squads
continued to battle through the next two sets. After 176 hard-fought points, the
first team to 15 would take home the hardware.

An ace by Alter right-side hitter Tony Smith pushed the Knights to a 7-4 lead
and forced Watterson to call a timeout midway through the fifth and final set.
But the Eagles weren't able to wrestle away the momentum as Alter middle blocker
Matt Mancz and outside hitter Matt Vandenbrock each tallied a kill to stretch
the lead to five, 9-4. The balanced Knights offense continued to swing away as
outside hitter Phillip Dray-ton pounded in a pair of kills, including the match
winner.

"I feel like we just wanted it more," Vandenbrock said.

Vandenbrock, a first team all-state honoree, led the Knights with 18 kills while
Drayton added

12. Setter Max Miller tallied 49 assists.

Juniors Vandenbrock and Miller both know a thing or two about expectations.
Vandenbrock played on the 2012 state championship team but the then-freshman sat
the bench.

"We won, but I didn't play so I feel like I earned this one," Vandenbrock said.

Miller's brother Luke played on the 2011 and 2012 state championship teams.

"Now, I have one too," Miller said.

The entire Alter squad has learned to deal with the expectations that come with
being a part of the Knights volleyball program. Alter has qualified to state
five times since 2008.

"We've been talking all season about respecting our history but writing our own
future," Erford said. "We did that today."

That future looks bright as the Knights return all of their starters next
season.

Contact this contributing writer at djuniewicz@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday

Alter to welcome 9 into Hall;
Wright State graduate among honorees

BYLINE: By Helen Bebbington For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: GREENE COUNTY; Pg. Z4-12

LENGTH: 1008 words


Alter High School alumni being honored this year include a doctor who flies on
humanitarian missions, a priest who serves the poor and a serviceman who died in
the line of duty.

The Alter High School Alumni Hall of Fame will induct nine people, eight
graduates and a former coach, at a ceremony Jan. 28 at the Presidential Banquet
Center in Kettering.

This is the third year for the Alter Hall of Fame, which lauds alumni and others
for contributions to their fields and community service, as well as
distinguished student athletes.

The inductees are:

Robert Schaefer

Schaefer, who graduated in 1975, earned two varsity letters in basketball and
three for baseball at Alter.

He accepted a basketball scholarship to Wright State University, where he was a
starter all four years.

He graduated from Wright State in 1979, and he was inducted into Wright State's
Hall of Fame in 1988.

Schaefer, a Miami Twp. resident, has worked at Reynolds & Reynolds for 25 years.

Dr. Michael Kunesh

Kunesh, a 1978 Alter graduate, attended the University of Notre Dame, where he
earned degrees in biology and theology.

He earned a medical degree and did training in ophthalmology at Ohio State
University. His practice specializes in cataract and glaucoma surgery.

The Oakwood resident has been a member of Alter's education commission and of
the St. Leonard's parish council.

Kunesh uses his skills to help others in poor countries.

He has visited Malawi in Africa to perform eye surgeries and to treat blindness
and has gone on medical missions to Honduras, China, Taiwan and Jamaica.

Of late, he has been focusing on helping children orphaned by the AIDS epidemic
in Africa.

Kunesh learned about service at school and has made it part of his life.

"I'm an example of what Alter is about," Kunesh said. "Alter is about educating
not just about facts, but educating about values. One of the values that they
educated me in is the value of service.

"I know a lot of Alter grads; there's thousands of them out there performing
services. I don't think I'm special in that sense."

The Rev. Mark R. Soehner

Soehner, a 1976 graduate, has served the poor in Cincinnati and Detroit, and
once managed the St. Vincent Hotel in Dayton.

Soehner earned a bachelor's de-Jim Stangle gree in English

from Mercy College of Detroit in 1980, then joined the Franciscan Friars of the
St. John the Baptist Province in Cincinnati.

In 1987, he completed a master's degree in divinity at Chicago's Catholic
Theological Union and was ordained a priest.

In 1993, he earned a master's degree in pastoral counseling.

Soehner has taught English to immigrants and has provided pastoral counseling to
families at hospitals and to juveniles in detention.

At the University of Cincinnati he coordinated pastoral and sacramental care of
students, faculty and parishioners.

In Dayton, he managed the St. Vincent Hotel. In Detroit, he founded a shelter
that serves 1,900 homeless people a week.

In 2003, he helped found a similar program for the homeless called Oasis
Detroit.

In 1995, Soehner became pastor of St. Aloysius Church in Detroit, where he works
as a counselor and spiritual director.

Jill Reiling Markey

Markey, class of 1974, earned a bachelor's degree in studio art at the
University of Kentucky, a master's degree in visual art from the University of
Dayton and a doctorate in art education at Ohio State University.

Markey teaches art at Instructional Technology Services in Columbus and is a
member of the Ohio Alliance for Arts Education.

She served as president of the Ohio Art Education Association for two years.

Markey, who has won numerous awards, has been an exhibiting artist at the
Columbus Cultural Arts Center.

Sgt. Kevin Joseph

Lannon

Lannon, who graduated in 1980, was a medic for the U.S. Army Rangers when he was
killed in the line of duty in 1983.

Lannon died while participating in a rescue mission in Grenada.

He and his fellow servicemen were trying to rescue American medical students.

A helicopter he was riding in was hit by small arms fire, killing him.

Lannon received the Bronze Star for his service.

Dr. Julie Schaefer Myers

Myers, who graduated in 1980, played basketball for four years at Alter, earning
three varsity letters.

She was named a three-time all-conference and all-area player. In her senior
year she was allarea MVP, district player of the year and first-team all-state.

She also earned varsity letters in volleyball and softball.

Myers was awarded a basketball scholarship to the University of Dayton, where
she earned four varsity letters and more awards.

She graduated from UD in 1984, then earned a medical degree from Ohio
University.

The Miamisburg resident practices medicine in Kettering.

Jim Stangle

Stangle, a member of Alter's first graduating class of 1966, was a tackle on
both offense and defense for the Knights' football team. He was co-captain of
the team as a junior and senior. Stangle attended the University of Dayton on an
athletic scholarship. He was a three-year starter as an offensive tackle.
Stangle earned a bachelor's degree from UD in 1970, when he was commissioned as
a second lieutenant in the Army. He later earned a master's degree in business
from UD. Stangle is general manager for Cintas in the Baltimore metro market.

Nancy Janco-Budde

Janco-Budde, a 1974 graduate, earned varsity letters in tennis, track,
basketball and volleyball at Alter.

She played women's tennis at Arizona State University, graduating in 1979.

Janco-Budde was ranked No. 7 in the United States for junior doubles in 1975 and
was firstteam All-American in 1978 for singles.

The Washington Twp. resident won the Montgomery County Women's Open Singles six
times.

From 1980-82, Janco-Budde was the head women's tennis coach at Purdue
University.

She coached the Alter girls tennis team to a state championship in 2001.

Kathleen Duchak

Duchak founded the girls soccer program at Alter in 1978.

The coach won more than 100 games through 1987.

Duchak met her husband of 39 years, John, at the University of Dayton. The
mother of six children and resident of Washington Twp. died in January 2000.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Kunesh
Mark R. Soehner
Jill Reiling Markey
Kevin Joseph Lannon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 25, 2012 Saturday

Alter outguns crosstown rival;
Senior QB Zaire throws 5 TD passes in a 42-35 victory at Fairmont.;
HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton StaffWriter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 465 words


Fairmont High School running back Deven Gannon pushes for yardage against
Alter's Hunter Gibson (left) and John Manfreda(36) Friday evening at Fairmont.
CONTRIBUTED PHOTO BY CHARLES CAPERTON

It's not like Alter has had to rely on a high-octane passing attack during its
incredible high school football run the last decade. But it sure came in handy
during Friday night's opener against rival Fairmont.

Senior quarterback Malik Zaire nailed 18 of 30 passes, good for 251 yards and
five touchdowns. And he needed them all to help the Knights dodge the Firebirds
42-35.

Marveled Alter coach Ed Domsitz: "He's pretty impressive."

Can't beat that: Oakwood also was impressive, unloading an 11-game losing streak
by ruining new Belmont coach Jackie Fails Sr.'s head-coaching debut, 42-0.

So, Oakwood coach Rick Robertson, how does it feel to post your first win after
going 0-10 last season? "You don't want the real answer," he said.

A couple records: Here's the line on Dixie running back Ryan Jordan: 306 yards
rushing and six touchdowns, both of which are Greyhounds single-game records. He
did all that in a 48-0 shutout of Twin Valley South.

And here's the impressive kicker: Jordan did all that damage in the first half.

Still waiting: Centerville was hoping for a bit of payback after falling to
visiting Cincinnati Elder last season. The Elks will have to wait for another
season after falling 34-21 at Elder's Purple Pit.

* Middletown, the area's top-ranked Division I team, couldn't convert in the
closing seconds and fell 43-39 to Cincinnati St. Xavier at the University of
Cincinnati's Nippert Stadium.

Kings beaten: There will be no encore unbeaten regular season for Kings. Lebanon
saw to that, unloading an impressive 31-16 road win.

Warriors quarterback Luke Morgan was at his best, tossing three touchdown
passes. Kings' only loss last season was in Week 13 to Trotwood-Madison in the
Division II playoffs.

It's a start: Coldwater, the Power Rankings' top-ranked D-V team, unloaded a
41-22 defeat on pesky nonleague rival Kenton.

It was an impressive start to the season for the Cavaliers, who have lost the
last three DV state title games.

On deck: If you thought Friday's openers were thrilling, an encore is waiting at
Welcome Stadium today. That's where four more Skyline Chili Crosstown Showdown
games will be played, beginning at noon when Hamilton squares off against
Springfield.

Northmont plays Princeton at 2:45 p.m., and Wayne and Winton Woods are matched
up at 5:30 p.m. Finally, Valley View and Dunbar wrap it up with an 8 p.m.
kickoff. Cost is $13 at the gate, which is good for all four games.

In the hole: If you can't make it to Kings on Sun-day when defending state DII
champ Trotwood-Madison plays University (Fla.) at 3 p.m., there's always ESPN,
which will air the game live.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                        Orascom Development Holding AG;

                               Gotthardstrasse 12
                                Altdorf UR 6460
                              Schweiz/Switzerland

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0418741717
INTERNET: www.orascomdh.com
E-MAIL: info@orascomdh.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 409177316

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 23.01.2008
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 00


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  9. Januar 2017
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Die Ges. übern. 208'145'270 NA der 'Orascom
Hotels & Deve- lopment S.A.E., in Kairo (Ägypten), wofür 20'814'527 NA zu CHF
25.00 ausgegeben werden.
 AKTIONÄRE: Das Unternehmen ist an der Schweizer
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Diverse weitere in Egyten, Jordanien, Mauritius,

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Adil Douiri
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Casablanca (MA)
LAND:  Marokko
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Marokko

NAME:  Dr. phil. Franz Egle
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Emmen, Bülach


NAME:  Jürgen Fischer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Dubai (AE)
LAND:  Verein. Arabische Emirate
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schaffhausen


NAME:  Carolina Müller
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Maur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bussnang TG, Gachnang TG


NAME:  Samih O. Sawiris
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Palo Alto (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Marco Sieber
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Horw
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Luzern, Oberdorf SO


NAME:  Jürg Weber
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Klosters(Klosters-Serneus)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schwyz


NAME:  Nicholas Cournoyer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Monaco (MC)
LAND:  Monaco
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Dr. Luciano Fiorino Gabriel
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ennetbürgen


NAME:  Jean-Gabriel Pérès
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Freienbach
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Eskandar Tooma
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Kairo (EG)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Amr Sheta
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Kairo (ET)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Ing. Raymond Cron
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Binningen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel

NAME:  Ahmed Ibrahim Wagih Elsayed Elshamy
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Kairo (EG)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Julien Renaud
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Paris (F)
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Mahmoud Zuaiter
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Kairo (ET)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Ausgeschieden als VR am 19.05.2008 und wieder eingetragenals
Direktor am 16.06.2008.


NAME:  Dr. Gerhard Niesslein
STELLUNG:  Generaldirektor
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Oesterreich


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Janus Capital Management LLC
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Denver, Colorado (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Samih O. Sawiris
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Kairo
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten
BEMERKUNGEN:  Davon direkt 32% sowie 28% via TNT und SOS Holding Ltd.


NAME:  Andermatt Hotel Holding AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Andermatt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  6. Februar 2008
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 2008: Umsatz CHF 568 Mio., 18'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Andermatt Swiss Alps AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Andermatt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  23. Mai 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 231'147'000.00


NAME:  Orascom Development International AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Altdorf UR
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  13. Oktober 2009
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'400'000.00


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Orascom Group
ORT:  Altdorf UR
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Doris Anderegg
ORT:  Cham
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meiringen

NAME:  Ashraf Sourial Nessim Azer
ORT:  Kairo (EG)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Waheeb Fawzy Fahmy Barssom
ORT:  Kairo (EG)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Khaled Galal Guirguis Bishara
ORT:  Kairo (EG)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Said Hanafy
ORT:  Kairo (EG)
LAND:  Aegypten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten


NAME:  Dr.jur.oec. Thomas Reutter
ORT:  Ebmatingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
19.08.2008 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  lic.jur. Adrian Dudle
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  BütschwilGanterschwil, Solothurn


NAME:  Adrian Murer
STELLUNG:  Sekretär
ORT:  Beckenried
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Beckenried

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  nicht operativ tätig
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften
70100 - Firmensitzaktivitäten von Finanzgesellschaften

   Zweck der Gesellschaft ist der direkte oder indirekte Erwerb, die
kontinuierliche Betriebsführung, die Veräusserung von Beteiligungen an inund
ausländischen Unternehmen, insbesondere aus dem Immobiliengewerbe und der
Tourismusindustrie, der Hotellerie, dem Baugewerbe, dem Resort Management, der
Immobilienfinanzierung und ähnlicher Geschäftsbereiche sowie die Erbringung
ähnlicher Dienstleistungen. Die Gesellschaft kann im In- und Ausland
Zweigniederlassungen errichten, Vertretungen Dritter übernehmen, Land oder
Rechte daran erwerben, halten und verkaufen sowie alle Geschäfte eingehen und
Verträge abschliessen, die geeignet sein können, den Zweck der Gesellschaft zu
fördern oder direkt oder indirekt damit im Zusammenhang stehen. Sie kann auch
Finanzierungen für eigene oder fremde Rechnung vornehmen, insbesondere die
Finanzierung von Tochtergesellschaften, sowie Garantien abgeben und Bürgschaften
für Tochtergesellschaften und Dritte eingehen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 0.00
2014                   CHF 4.20
2013                   CHF 4.74
2012                   CHF 7.23

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Janus Capital Management LLC
ORT:  Denver, Colorado (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

NAME:  Samih O. Sawiris
ORT:  Kairo
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
NATIONALITÄT:  Ägypten
BEMERKUNGEN:  Davon direkt 32% sowie 28% via TNT und SOS Holding Ltd.


NAME:  Andermatt Hotel Holding AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Andermatt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  6. Februar 2008
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gruppe 2008: Umsatz CHF 568 Mio., 18'000 Mitarbeiter


NAME:  Andermatt Swiss Alps AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Andermatt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  23. Mai 2007
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 231'147'000.00


NAME:  Orascom Development International AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Altdorf
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  13. Oktober 2009
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'400'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Deloitte AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. Januar 1984
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Diverse Liegenschaften
OBJEKT:  Ferienresorts, Hotels etc. weltw
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 937'510'283.20
LIBIERUNG:  937'510'283.20 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  40'409'926
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 23.20
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Bei der Kapitalherabsetzung vom 23.05.2011 wird der Nennwert
der 28'543'147 Namenaktien zu CHF 23.85 auf CHF 23.20 herabgesetzt und je CHF
0.65 pro Aktie zurückbezahlt;die

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  17. Dezember 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 662'201'010.40
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 937'510'283.20

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. August 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 680'754'055.95
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 662'201'010.40


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. August 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 672'882'864.30
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 680'754'055.95


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. Oktober 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 553'788'843.30
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 672'882'864.30


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. Juli 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 568'881'621.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 553'788'843.30


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  20. Juli 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 580'491'450.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 568'881'621.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Dezember 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 568'498'450.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 580'491'450.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Juni 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 563'873'450.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 568'498'450.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  23. Mai 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 551'713'175.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 563'873'450.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. Mai 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 520'463'175.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 551'713'175.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Mai 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 520'463'175.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  7. März 2008
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Orascom Hotels & Developm.. AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Orascom Development Holding AG
BEMERKUNG ZU NAMENS/DOMIZIL WECHSEL:  Alter vollständiger Name: Orascom Hotels &
Development AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                  Polarion AG;

                              St. Gallerstrasse 57
                                 Gossau SG 9200
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  24. September 2015
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Ramsen
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Gossau SG

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406871186

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 05.10.2004
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 00


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  12. August 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Die Ges. übernimmt nach der Gründung alle
Gesellschaftsan- teile der Intellismith GmbH mit Sitz in Stuttgart zum Preis von
EUR 100'000.--
 BETEILIGUNG(EN): Intellismith GmbH, D- Stuttgart (100%)

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  John Edward Moore
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Nik Arne Wolthuis
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Köln (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Ulrich Wunderli
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Küsnacht ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meilen


NAME:  Frank Schröder
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Esslingen am Neckar (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Michael Cameron Carey
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Alameda CA (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Michael Majors
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Boston MA (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Frank Schröder
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Esslingen am Neckar (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Frank Sterkman
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Landschlacht
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  lic.jur. Hanspeter Siegrist
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Stein am Rhein
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fahrwangen AG



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Jürg Felix Briner
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Erfurt (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bassersdorf

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Komykrieng AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Gossau SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Dezember 2004
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


- Beteiligungen

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  nicht operativ tätig
ENTWICKLUNG:  Keine Erfahrungen
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften

   Entwicklung, Erwerb, Verwaltung, Verkauf sowie Vertrieb von Computer-Software
sowie Errichtung, Erwerb und Verwaltung sowie Finanzierung von Beteiligungen und
Tochtergesellschaften im In- und Ausland, insbesondere in der Software-Branche
sowie alle Geschäfte, die damit in Zusammenhang stehen. Die Gesellschaft kann
Immobilien und Immaterialgüterrechte erwerben, verwalten, finanzieren und
veräussern, Finanzierungs-, Sanierungs- und Interzessionsmassnahmen zu Gunsten
von Aktionären, Konzerngesellschaften oder Dritten vorzunehmen sowie Aktionären
oder Dritten Darlehen oder für deren Verpflichtungen Sicherheiten zu gewähren.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2017                   CHF 0.00
2016                   CHF 0.00
2015                   CHF 0.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Das Unternehmen arbeitet nicht umsatzorientiert.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Komykrieng AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
ORT:  Ramsen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Dezember 2004
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Komykrieng AG
ORT:  Gossau SG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Dezember 2004
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Dezember 1932
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung St. Gallen


NAME:  BDS Treuhand AG
ORT:  Schaffhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Juli 1993
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'479'769.00
LIBIERUNG:  1'950'000.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  24'797'690
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  19. Mai 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'950'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'479'769.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. November 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'750'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'950'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  10. März 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'500'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'750'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Juli 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'200'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'500'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Januar 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'200'000.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  10. September 2014
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Polarion Holding AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Polarion AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday

Boys competing today at district golf tournament

BYLINE: Staff Report

SECTION: KETTERING AND OAKWOOD; Pg. RD-8

LENGTH: 244 words


The boys golf teams from Alter, Chaminade-Julienne, Miami Valley and Oakwood are
hoping their drives are true and their putts are dropping today, Oct. 2, during
the Division II and III Southwest District tournament at the Weatherwax in
Middletown.

The top two teams and top two individuals not on advancing teams in both
divisions move on to the state meet Oct. 10-11 at the Ohio State course in
Columbus.

Alter, C-J and Oakwood are in D-II district. C-J, led by Oakwood resident Sam
Jandel, was the runner-up team race last year, while Alter was eighth.

Oakwood won the sectional last week, shooting a 306 at the Pipestone in
Miamisburg, while Alter was second at 309 and C-J third at 316.

Oakwood sectional scores included Michael Galaska at 74, Ronnie Stump at 76,
Corey Weckerling at 77 and Daniel Willis at 79. Alter's total included Jon
Neroni at 74, Jim Metter 76, Andy Henehan 79 and Sam Betrams 80. C-J had Penn
Saad at 75, Chris Volk at 78, Jandel at 79 and Zak Hadaway at 84.

Miami Valley was fourth in the D-III sectional tournament at the Walden Pond
course in Fairfield with a 335 after winning the Metro Buckeye Conference title.
Scores included Alex Zorniger (80), Justin Patmon (83), and Bob Dyer and Nate
Benedict each at 86.

The Fairmont girls are in the Division I sectional today at Pipestone. The
Fairmont boys played in the D-I sectional Wednesday at the Beavercreek golf
club. The Alter girls were in the D-II district Wednesday at Heatherwoode.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                 Ruckstuhl AG;

                              Bleienbachstrasse 9
                                Langenthal 4900
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  18. Januar 2013
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Langenthal
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Langenthal

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0629198600
TELEFAX: 0629224870
INTERNET: www.ruckstuhl.com
E-MAIL: info@ruckstuhl.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406281501

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1881
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 01.01.1918
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 50


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  1. September 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  Einzelunternehmen
FIRMENNAME:  Moritz Ruckstuhl
FIRMENORT:  Langenthal
AKTIVA:  CHF 0.00
PASSIVA:  CHF 0.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 0.00
 AUSL. BETEILIGUNG(EN): Ruckstuhl USA Ltd,. New York (USA), 100%

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Raymond Dettwiler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Arlesheim
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Reigoldswil

NAME:  Peter Littmann
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hamburg
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Johannes Schulte
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hannover (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Peter Ruckstuhl
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Langenthal


NAME:  Iur. Rudolf Lanz
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Madiswil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.06.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Christian Looser
ORT:  Horgen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Horgen, Nesslau
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.06.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Eugen Rothen
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Guggisberg
BEMERKUNGEN:  *50*49 05.12.91 *58


NAME:  Felix Ruckstuhl
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schoren b. Langenthal
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.10.2001 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Karin Bischoff
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  St. Gallen, Eggersriet SG


NAME:  Christoph Sievers
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Horgen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bern


NAME:  René Max Hartmann
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Madiswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Pratteln


NAME:  Daniel Maeder
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Ittigen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Mühleberg



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Siegfried Gieldanowski
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
28.06.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

NAME:  Erich Meier
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Niederbipp BE
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
15.12.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Karl Niedermann
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Riken AG
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Niederhelfenschwil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.02.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Alfred Stalder
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Madiswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Birrwil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.02.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Christoph Weisse
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Direktor/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
09.05.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  Peter Ruckstuhl
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitseigentümer
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Langenthal

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Sven Vock
ORT:  Cham
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Ulrich Wallkamm
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Biel/Bienne


NAME:  Günter Becker
ORT:  Vordemwald
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Vordemwald
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
02.10.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Heinz Bieri
ORT:  Buochs
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Trachselwald
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
15.12.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Rosmarie Eggimann
ORT:  Wangenried
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gondiswil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.02.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Kurt Märki
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich, Mandach
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.02.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Rainer Menzel
ORT:  Walkringen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Walkringen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.03.2008 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Peter Röthlisberger
ORT:  Huttwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Langnau BE
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.02.1999 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Martin Stegemann
ORT:  Solothurn
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Schlieren
BEMERKUNGEN:  *52*49 05.12.91 *58


NAME:  Karsten Fey
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Bannwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Daniel Maeder
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Ittigen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Mühleberg


NAME:  Rita Meier
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lauperswil, Niederbipp


NAME:  Antonella Pantermarakis
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien


NAME:  Lic.rer.pol. Gian Voirol
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Kappel SO
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Les Genevez/JU

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  70

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
13930 - Herstellung von Teppichen
47530 - Detailhandel mit Vorhängen, Teppichen, Fussbodenbelägen und Tap

   Fabrikation und Vertrieb von textilen Bodenbelägen aller Art sowie von andern
Produkten, welche die Herstellung und den Vetrieb der vorgenannten Produkte
ergänzen sowie die Forschung und Entwicklung und andere Dienstleistungen auf
diesen Gebieten. Die Gesellschaft kann im In- und Ausland Zweigniederlassungen
und Tochtergesellschaften errichten sowie im In- und Ausland Grundeigentum
erwerben, belasten, veräussern und verwalten.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 10.00
2015                  CHF 11.00
2014                  CHF 11.00
2013                  CHF 13.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  Peter Ruckstuhl
STELLUNG:  Mehrheitsakt.
ORT:  Langenthal
LAND:  Schweiz
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Langenthal

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Loepthien Treuhand AG
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. März 2010
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Burgdorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Dezember 1932
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Burgdorf



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Liegenschaft
OBJEKT:  in Langenthal
IMMOBILIENWERT:  Amtlicher Wert
BEWERTUNGJAHR:  1997
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 2.99 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Die Angaben über Grundeigentum beschränken sich auf
das Domizil.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00
LIBIERUNG:  3'000'000.00 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  639'428
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 2.50

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  560'572
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 2.50


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Juli 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'350'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Mai 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'215'700.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'350'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  31. März 2004
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'736'700.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'215'700.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Dezember 2003
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'336'700.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'736'700.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Januar 1998
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'186'700.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'336'700.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. August 1997
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'000'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'186'700.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 25, 2004 Thursday

High-schoolers deliver Thanksgiving dinner;
Students from Fairmont and Alter secure holiday meals

BYLINE: By Helen Bebbington For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: GREENE COUNTY; Pg. Z4-15

LENGTH: 212 words


Corey Wilson believes the annual food drive at Kettering Fairmont High School
means more to many students because they see who is being helped.

They delivered Thanksgiving turkeys and dinners Monday to families who might
otherwise have gone without.

Students at both Fairmont and Alter high schools collected donations during the
week of Nov. 15 to buy turkeys, food and other items to help families celebrate.

Students will have a food drive to take care of families before Christmas.

Leftover nonperishable food will go to the food banks at Greenmont-Oak Park
Community Church and Marshall Road Church of God.

Alter also has a long tradition of giving at Thanksgiving and Christmas.

This year, students raised about $8,500 toward the purchase of 162 turkeys, half
of which were given out for Thanksgiving.

The other half will be donated at Christmas, said Norm Rich, Key Club adviser at
Alter.

The Key Club coordinates the fund-raiser each year. The proceeds are donated to
food banks run by St. Vincent/St. James, Catholic Social Services, East Dayton
Food Pantry and St. Paul United Methodist Church. On Monday, students loaded 81
turkeys and the collected canned goods to deliver them to the food banks. Alter
students collected more than 3,000 items during the donation week.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

Alter player signs with UD;
HONORING LOCAL ATHLETES

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD11

LENGTH: 107 words


Katie Boeckman (front, center), a senior at Archbishop Alter High School, signed
a National Letter of Intent to play women's tennis at the University of Dayton
beginning with the 2012-13 season. Katie played No. 1 singles for Alter High
School all four years and was the Miami Valley Tennis Coaches Association
Division II Player of the Year for the 2011-2012 school year, as well as GGCL
North Division Athlete of the Year. Attending Katie's signing day were her
mother and father, Ginny and Paul Boeckman; Alter High School Principal Louordes
Lamber; Katie's sister Megan Boeckman; and school athletic director Chris Hart.
CONTRIBUTED PHOTO

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 4, 2010 Thursday

Alter dodges Fenwick in OT, behind Christie's 19

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 353 words


Courtney Christie scored 19 points, including two free throws with 12 seconds
remaining in regulation to extend the game into overtime, allowing Alter to
narrowly escape with a 62-57 win over Fen-wick in a girls basketball contest
played Wednesday, Feb. 3.

Ashley Christie added 12 points for the Knights (16-1, 7-1 GGCL Grey North
Division). Alter converted 23-of-35 free throw attempts for the game.

Chelsea Farrell scored 15 points to lead the Falcons (8-10, 2-7).

Chaminade Julienne 55, Carroll 44: Raytea Long scored 14 points to lead CJ in
this key GGCL contest.

Emily Michael and Samarie Walker combined for 22 points to aid in the win for
the Eagles (13-5, 7-2).

Ciara Poppa scored 13 points and Kelley Austria added nine for the Patriots
(12-4, 7-2).

Fairborn 63, Miamis-burg 58: Jaymee Venee scored 18 points for the Skyhawks in
this key Greater Western Ohio Conference South Division contest.

Brooklyn Pumroy and Alexis Gassion contributed 16 and 12 points, respectively
for Fairborn (14-3, 6-1).

The Vikings' Chelsea LaPorte led all scorers with 21 points. Miamisburg falls to
11-7 (3-3).

Vandalia Butler 55, Xenia 29: The Aviators put on the defensive pressure early
as they jumped to a 16-3 first quarter advantage and were never challenged in
this GWOC crossover contest.

The Buccaneers could only manage 11-for-48 shooting from the field for the game.

Kaitlyn Good scored 15 points to lead Vandalia (13-4). Brianna Innocent scored
11 points and Kacie Cassel added 10.

Brittany Latimer's 11 points led Xenia (12-5).

Northmont 59, Springfield 41: Kelley Johnson scored 19 points and grabbed nine
rebounds and Courtney Sweet added seven assists and seven steals for the
Thunderbolts (6-10, 3-5).

Ashley Tunstall scored 14 points for the Wildcats (4-14, 2-6).

Contact the DDN with information as soon as possible after games. Info received
from calls, faxes or e-mails after 10:30 p.m. will be published only on
DaytonDailyNews.com. To report scores call 225-2250, 225-2405, 225-7492,
225-2412, 225-2381, fax 225-7352 or e-mail sports@DaytonDailyNews.com To report
weekly stats, send by fax or e-mail only by noon, Wednesdays.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 12, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

VOTERS GUIDE;
A Wide Field Battles for a Weakened Office

BYLINE: By JONATHAN P. HICKS

SECTION: Section 13; Page 15; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 305 words


THE RACE for public advocate took center stage when Andrew Stein, the current
City Council President, dropped his mayoral campaign to seek re-election.
(Shortly after, Mr. Stein decided to drop out of that race, too, and out of
politics altogether.)

The public advocate is first in line to succeed the Mayor in an emergency or
incapacity. He serves as the city's ombudsman and has some responsibility for
overseeing city agencies. He can also introduce legislation to the City Council
and break a tie vote.

In the last few months, the field has narrowed to six major candidates in the
Democratic primary. Of them, Mark Green, the former Consumer Affairs
Commissioner, is the front-runner.

Mr. Green, 48, has a longstanding history of consumer advocacy, having worked
for a decade for Ralph Nader. He failed at two previous attempts at elective
office: a 1980 race for the House from the Upper East Side of Manhattan against
Bill Green and a 1986 run for the Senate against Alfonse M. D'Amato.

Susan D. Alter has been a Democratic member of the City Council from Brooklyn
since 1978. Ms. Alter, 51, citing dissatisfaction with Mayor David N. Dinkins,
decided four months ago to run for Public Advocate not only as a Democrat, but
also on the Republican ticket in an alliance with Rudolph W. Giuliani, the
Republican-Liberal mayoral candidate.

David A. Paterson, a state senator from Harlem, has targeted black voters and
liberal whites. Democratic leaders in four boroughs -- citing the need for a
balanced ticket and solidifying their own alliances -- support Roberto Ramirez,
a state assemblyman from the Bronx, and he is expected to draw many Hispanic
votes.

Challenging them are Donald Halperin, a state Senator from Brooklyn, and Ronald
W. Reale, the president of the Transit Police Benevolent Association.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Mark Green; Ronald W. Reale; Susan D. Alter; David A. Paterson;
Donald Halperin; Roberto Ramirez

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 19, 1990, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MOTORCYCLE STRIKES MAN IN MAPLEWOOD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 254 words


A man from St. Louis was reported in serious condition Friday after being struck
by a motorcycle Thursday night in Maplewood.  The man, Herbert Alter, 47, of
Chouteau Avenue in St. Louis was injured about 8:50 p.m. Thursday in the 3500
block of Greenwood Boulevard, near Sutton Boulevard. Alter underwent surgery at
Barnes Hospital.  The motorcyclist, a 43-year-old man from Shrewsbury, was
arrested on suspicion of second-degree assault and driving while intoxicated. He
was released pending application for warrants.  Maplewood Detective Mark Griffin
said the motorcyclist, driving at high speed, had gone off Sutton, crossed some
railroad tracks, hit a pole and then struck Alter.  Alter had been pushing a
shopping cart filled with groceries and other supplies. Police said he had
shopped at Venture.  The motorcyclist suffered minor injuries. He was treated at
St. Mary's Health Center in Richmond Heights and released.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Union leaders unwilling to consider changing bylaws to alter vote outcome

BYLINE: JC Reindl, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 391 words


July 01--HARTFORD -- The likelihood of salvaging the concessions agreement
between state union leaders and Gov. Dannel P. Malloy diminished further Friday
when union leaders ruled out any retroactive changes to their strict bylaws that
would alter the outcome of last week's failed ratification vote.

However, the State Employees Bargaining Agent Coalition is willing to consider
changes to the bylaws that would apply to future agreements -- opening the
possibility of a new deal with the governor to replace the one that was voted
down.

"The leaders still believe that they can reach an agreement with the Malloy
administration that would avert the layoffs and make it unnecessary to contract
out services or restrict workers' rights to negotiate," Matt O'Connor, a
coalition spokesman, said Friday afternoon. It is unclear whether the governor
would be willing to consider forging a new agreement with the 15 unions
representing about 45,000 state employees.

Malloy's spokeswoman said in response to the union leaders' announcement Friday
that "if the agreement that was reached in May needs to be clarified, the
governor is happy to do it."

On the question of what exactly the governor means by "clarified," Malloy's
senior adviser told reporters this week that a clarification could simplify
parts of the existing agreement, such as the proposed value-based health care
plan that has generated confusion among some rank-and-file union members.

However, "the substance of the deal would not change" under a clarification, Roy
Occhiogrosso said.

State officials say they're preparing to lay off 5,466 workers as a result of
the failed effort to ratify the labor agreement reached May 13 between SEBAC and
the governor that was to produce $1.6 billion in savings over two years.

An additional 1,000 layoffs also ï»¿could be possible after the General Assembly
opted Thursday to preserve $54 million in annual state aid to municipalities.
Malloy had sought to cut that funding, and the purported cost of restoring it is
more layoffs.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110701-NL-Union-leaders-unwilling-to-consider-changing-bylaws-to-alter
-vote-outcome-0701-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 16, 2010 Friday

Expert: Answers needed on how new law will alter Hoosiers' health care

BYLINE: Dan Carden, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


July 16--INDIANAPOLIS -- A legislative committee studying the effects of
national health reform on Indiana found few answers to its questions Thursday,
mostly just more questions.

Joy Johnson Wilson, health policy director for the National Conference of State
Legislatures, told the General Assembly's Health Finance Commission that the new
health law significantly will alter how Hoosiers get health care and how Indiana
pays for that care, but it's too soon to know how the transition will happen.

"I think we're struggling with how to plan for something that we don't know what
it looks like, don't know what it feels like and don't know what the component
parts are," Johnson Wilson said.

What is known, she said, is Medicaid will be the new platform for health
insurance. Under the health reform law, Americans with an adjusted gross income
of less than 133 percent of the federal poverty level, or $14,400 for an
individual, will qualify for Medicaid.

That change has consequences for Indiana because the state pays about 33 percent
of Hoosiers' Medicaid expenses with the federal government paying the remainder.
If more Hoosiers are on Medicaid the state will have to pay more, up to $3.6
billion through 2020, according to an estimate from the state's actuary.

State Sen. Ed Charbonneau, R-Valparaiso, said that likely will lead to an
"Ultimate Fighting cage match" between funding for health care and education,
the two largest state spending items.

"We can't even plan for what we do during the budget-writing process because we
don't know what the facts are, what the rules are going to be and really there's
a whole lot that's up in the air yet," Charbonneau said.

But state Rep. Charlie Brown, D-Gary, the committee chairman, said "the jury is
still out" on whether Indiana will have to pay more for health care.

Brown said the savings from having every Hoosier covered by insurance and
potentially retaining programs like the Healthy Indiana Plan could balance out
the extra state costs of new Medicaid enrollees.

To see more of The Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nwitimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times, Munster, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100716-MU-Expert-Answers-needed-on-how-new-law-will-alter
-Hoosiers-health-care-20100716

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2010 The Times


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday

Park officials alter rate hike

BYLINE: Evan Belanger, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 308 words


Nov. 12--Decatur Parks and Rec-reation officials are backing off from their
previous request to eliminate a special rate at Point Mallard Golf Course.

During a City Council work session Monday night, Parks and Recreation Director
Jeff Dunlap altered his request to eliminate a $150-a-month cart and green-fee
rate at the course.

The request would have forced about 42 golfers into more expensive golf
packages.

Redistributing cost

After speaking with about half of the affected golfers, Dunlap reconsidered his

plan.

At the work session, he requested that, instead of dropping the package rate,
the council increase the fee to $190 a month and eliminate weekend play from the
package.

Standard rates at the golf course are $22 for 18 holes during the week and $26
for the weekend, plus cart rental fees.

Dunlap did not alter his requests to increase golf-cart rental rates from $12 to
$14 for 18 holes and from $6 to $7 for nine holes.

Nor did he alter requests to institute single-rider rates of $16 for 18 holes
and $8 for nine holes.

Consideration Monday

In October, the Parks and Recreation Department's annual lease for golf carts
increased in cost by about $30,000.

Dunlap said the requested rate changes would help the golf course cope with the
additional cost.

The council will consider the requests during its meeting at 10 a.m. Monday at
Decatur City Hall.

The council originally delayed consideration of the matter during its Nov. 4
meeting.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2008, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081112-DD-Park-officials-alter-rate-hike-1112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2008 The Decatur Daily


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 10, 2011 Sunday

Entertainment Alter grad picks programming for USA Network;
He was also chosen as one of television's "2011 Next Wave of Leaders."

BYLINE: By Marc Katz Staff Writer

SECTION: LIFE & ARTS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 777 words


Ryan Sharkey, a graduate of Alter High School and Notre Dame, is talking on the
telephone, but you can tell he's shaking his head in his Rockefeller Center
office.

He says that in USA Network meetings to acquire shows, officials of the company
"worry sometimes if some of these shows are coast shows," Sharkey said of the
code for "middle America won't watch."

That's when he reminds the others in the room, "I'm from Ohio. My parents still
live in Dayton. My sister is in Columbus. I have a brother in Cincinnati."

None of them question the shows they watch on USA Network.

Whether it's sex and crime from a New York- or Los Angeles-based series or a
show such as the recently USA-purchased Modern Family that has a key gay
element, someone usually asks, "Is this a coast show?"

Sharkey says, "I hear that all the time. Do they appeal to the middle of the
country?"

Sharkey says when he's in the middle of the country, he never hears that, and he
spent most of his 37-plus years there.

Now he's in New York, and in a position to influence what viewers watch as the
recently named Senior Vice President of program acquisitions and administration
at the largest network on basic cable television.

Sharkey also manages program inventory for Sleuth and Universal HD. He's also
head coordinator-buyer for select NBCUniversal cable properties.

As if that isn't enough, Sharkey recently was selected by Broadcasting & Cable
magazine for its 2011 Next Wave of Leaders, a "list of rising industry stars who
are already remaking the way television is created, built and delivered."

He took a circuitous route to his dream job, first working in finance after
graduating cum laude from Notre Dame in 1995. That was four years after
graduating from Alter, where teacher Linda Dintaman remembers him as a role
model.

"He started a tutoring program in one of the elementary schools, which is
impressive for someone his age," said Dintaman, who continues to teach at Alter.
"And I looked up his record. He took all the AP courses he could, which isn't
what kids did back then. They do now, but he did then. He wanted to learn."

That's why it's a little surprising to hear Sharkey say how much television he
watched with his family in their Kettering home.

"Our family had dinner together, then sat around and watched TV for two hours,"
Sharkey said. "That was our family time. We sat in front of the TV. My wife
doesn't understand it. She thought you sat around the house and talked for four
straight hours."

Nora Sharkey, his mom - and for more than 30 years a grade school teacher at
Hillel Academy - doesn't quite remember it that way.

"I guess that's his memory of it," said Nora, whose husband, Neil, is a CPA. "I
just know he spent an awful lot of time on his school work."

A finance major in college, Sharkey's parents often mentioned he should be a
film critic, or television show reviewer. When he watched television, his
opinion usually was spot on.

"My family grew up with a love of television and film, and still have it,"
Sharkey said. "That was something I wanted to get into."

It wasn't easy getting there. When he graduated from Notre Dame, there was a
situation current job-seekers were finding: a lack of jobs.

"I had a hard time finding a job," Sharkey said. "I found one in December,
working at Provident Bank in Cincinnati."

It wasn't a high-paying job, but it kept Sharkey close to home, where he could
help coach his brother in basketball. After five years with the bank, he took a
job with GE, which involved "100 percent travel" but also moved him closer to
his passion for entertainment. GE owned the USA Network and continues as a
minority owner.

On his upward movement, Sharkey found himself in a meeting with his current
boss, who found his enthusiasm for programming infectious.

"You love this stuff," she said. "You know all the shows. You should be on my
team."

And here he is, working USA's three-fold programming philosophy of original
content, acquired series from broadcast television and purchased films.

While the network has chosen some film duds, most of its prime-time stuff is
high quality, including "NCIS," "House," "Law and Order: SVU" and such movies as
"The Bourne Ultimatum" and an extensive James Bond library.

Sharkey recently helped USA acquire the rights to "Modern Family" for something
in the vicinity of $1.5 million an episode. It will air on cable in the fall of
2013.

"The question is, 'Will the new show rate higher than what we have,' " Sharkey
said. "That's the math. And we don't pick these shows in a vacuum. Everyone has
a say."

Even those people sitting on a couch in Ohio.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2157 or mkatz@DaytonDaily News.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter High School grad Ryan Sharkey (center) with his father and
mother, Neil and Nora (left), and his sister and brother, Susan and Shawn
(right). Sharkey is the senior vice president of program acquisitions and
administration for USA Network in New York. CONTRIBUTED PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                January 2, 1995

Personality Parade;
Execs to watch

BYLINE: Allan E.Alter, Joseph Maglitta, and Julia King; CW staff

SECTION: FORECAST; Forecast 95: re-engineering IS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 625 words


Joseph R. Cleveland Vice president and general manager of IS Martin Marietta,
Orlando, Fla.

Joe Cleveland is in the middle of one of the biggest mergers in the
defense/aerospace industry. The GE veteran will spend 1995 managing the merger
of Martin Marietta and Lockheed Corp. in Calabasas, Calif., should it win
approval. Presiding over Martin Marietta's Internal Information Systems (MMIIS),
Cleveland spent 1994 integrating the IS organizations at Martin Marietta and GE
Aerospace.

Cleveland also helped the company save $ 70 million in 1994 by consolidating
mainframes at MMIIS headquarters in Orlando, negotiating new telecommunications,
software and maintenance contracts and implementing common back-office systems.

The company looks to Cleveland and MMIIS to showcase its IS prowess to its
systems integration and outsourcing customers.

Allan E. Alter

William F. PowersExecutive director of ISFord Motor Co., Dearborn, Mich.

Much of the responsibility for taking Ford global in 1995 rests with Bill
Powers, who moved into his current position in August.

For years, Ford operated as a confederation of regional car companies sharing
little more than the Ford moniker. Then the company decided to build "world
cars" that could be sold in any market. But after spending $ 6 billion to
develop the Ford Contour/Mercury Mystique, executives at the Dearborn plant
realized they needed to reorganize Ford as a single, truly global company. As a
result, on Jan. 1, Ford North America and Ford of Europe begin operating as a
single entity.

For the globalization effort to succeed, Powers must ensure that IS develops
systems that can share information and integrate business processes on a
worldwide basis yet still respond to local conditions.

Allan E. Alter

Cinda HallmanVice president of IS, CIODu Pont Co., Wilmington, Del.

Spend a few minutes listening to Cinda Hallman and you begin to believe Du Pont
is one giant that just might learn to dance. Dazed by heavy losses in the early
1990s, the megamanufacturer set out to cut annual costs by $ 1 billion and
transform its 600 businesses into a sleek, smartly automated multinational
company.

Hallman is a no-nonsense IS careerist who came to Du Pont in 1988 from Conoco,
Inc. in Houston. In the past few years she has emerged as an unexpected
downsizing hero. By decentralizing 1,200 IS staffers, eliminating 1,000
contractors and shrinking 200 data centers to 40, Hallman slashed Du Pont's IS
budget from $ 1.2 billion to about $ 700 million. Now, Hallman and the remaining
4,800 IS staffers are focusing on technology that will better link the tens of
thousands of Du Pont suppliers and customers. Pilot projects aimed at linking
outside production scheduling, order placement, inventory and other systems will
rush ahead in 1995.

Joseph Maglitta

Steve HecklerCIOHealth Net, Inc., Woodland Hills, Calif.

In Steve Heckler's care is information technology for the nation's
fourth-largest health maintenance organization, a $ 2 billion company with more
than 1 million subscribers and a $ 40 million annual information technology
budget. One of Heckler's main challenges in 1995 will be transforming the
company into a paperless enterprise by implementing a companywide imaging
project.

Also a priority is expanding the California Health Care Information Network to
include more than 1,500 physicians and other providers, hospitals and payers.
The network, a joint venture of Health Net, Blue Cross of California, Blue
Shield of California and Prucare, Inc., is an example of "coopetition," a trend
under which competing companies in the same industry share resources to reduce
administrative costs and provide customers with a common network interface.

Julia King


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo1,Joseph R. Cleveland,Vice president and general manager of
IS,Martin Marietta, Orlando,Fla.; photo2,William F. Powers,Executive director of
IS,Ford Motor Co.,Dearborn,Mich.; photo3,Cinda Hallman,Vice president of
IS,CIO,DuPontCo.,Wilmington,DE; photo4,Steve Heckler,CIO,Health
Net,Inc.,Woodland Hills,CA.

                       Copyright 1995 Computerworld, Inc.


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                Myriad Group AG;

                               Bahnhofstrasse 64
                                  Zürich 8001
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  14. März 2013
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich

DATUM:  10. Juni 2011
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Dübendorf
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zürich


DATUM:  1. Dezember 2000
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zürich, Technoparkstr. 1
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Dübendorf, Lagerstr. 14

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
INTERNET: www.myriadgroup.com
E-MAIL: info@myriadgroup.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406669246

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 09.04.1999
BESCHÄFTIGTE: -01


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  3. August 2016
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Die Gesellschaft übernimmt bei der
Kapitalerhöhung vom 18.03./17.04.2009 gemäss Verträgen vom 16.04.2009 1'526'192
Aktien zu EUR 0.37 der Purple Labs SA, in Le Bourget Du Lac
 WEITERE BETEILIGUNG(EN): mehrere Tochtergesellschaften im Ausland
WEITERE AKTIONÄRE: Streubesitz
SIX: Das Unternehmen ist börsenkotiert

MITTEILUNGSART:  Schuldenruf infolge Fusion
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  16. Juli 2013
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB 137 / 2013
BEMERKUNGEN ZU AMTLICH MELDUNGEN:  Forderungen an: Myriad Group AG,
Bahnhofstrasse 64, 8021 Zürich
STAND DES VERFAHRENS:  3. Publikation
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  18. Juli 2013
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc 135/2013
BEMERKUNGEN ZU EINEM VERFAHREN:  Hinweis: Die Gläubiger der an der Fusion
beteiligten Gesellschaften können gemäss Art. 25 FusG (innert drei Monaten nach
der Rechtswirksamkeit der Fusion) Sicherstellung ihrer Ford

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  David Galbraith
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Échenevex (FR)
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Erik Hansen
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Altendorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark


NAME:  Mauro Saladini
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Lutry
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gordola


NAME:  Jean-Pascal Aubert
ORT:  Borex
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Le Chenit, Longirod
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.06.08 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Chase Bailey
ORT:  Paris
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 18.05.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Paolo Conti
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.11.03 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Jean-Claude Martinez
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.05.09 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Dr.oec.HSG Bernd-Walter Pfister
ORT:  Unterägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Männedorf
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 18.05.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr. Cuno Pfister
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Erlinsbach SO
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.11.01 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Tony Reis
ORT:  Meggen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Weggis, Menznau
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 18.05.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ulrich Schumacher
ORT:  Salenstein
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 22.10.07 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Simon Wilkinson
STELLUNG:  Delegierter
ORT:  Prestbury (Cheshire)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Michel Bon
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Paris
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Richard Francis
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Bracknell (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Roland Manger
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  München
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  David Nüscheler
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Salt Lake City (UT/US)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich


NAME:  Michel Paulin
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Hans Peter Baumgartner
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Freienstein
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich, Altstätten
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
29.05.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Alain Gérard Blancquart
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
31.05.06 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Hans-Rudolf Heeb
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Altstätten, Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
23.07.04 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Rolf Jetzer
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kilchberg ZH, Lengnau AG


NAME:  Rudolf Noser
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Wetzikon ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Oberurnen GL, Glarus Nord
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
02.06.08 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Louis Theodoor van den Boog
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Amstelveen (NL)
LAND:  Niederlande
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Holland


NAME:  David Ian Arnott
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Cheltenham (UK)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  dipl.ing Hans Ulrich Müller
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Hünenberg
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hünenberg


NAME:  Richard Karl Schlauri
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Hohenbrunn (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Oberbüren


NAME:  Jean-Marie Schmitt
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Paris
LAND:  Frankreich
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Stephen Francis Dunford
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Effingham (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

EIGENTÜMER:
NAME:  GRAPAL Holding AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Dezember 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'002'140.00

NAME:  Patinex AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. November 1988
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 99'999'000.00


NAME:  UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Dezember 1959
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  VV Value Vals AG
STELLUNG:  Anteil unbekannt
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. April 2013
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Kapitalanteil
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 5.04


NAME:  msngr AG
STELLUNG:  Alleineigentümer
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. August 2014
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00


GESCHÄFTSLEITUNG:
NAME:  James Sanjay Bodha
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Lymm
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Joseph Patrick Burke
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Beijing
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 29.05.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Deborah Choate
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wallisellen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 18.05.07 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ing. Jean-Luc Gianduzzo
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Adliswil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel


NAME:  Elizabeth Hitchen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Glossop
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Thomas Hornung
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 29.05.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Dr.oec.HSG Konrad Hurni
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fräschels


NAME:  Steve Langkamp
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Woodford
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Gary McManus
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Manchester (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Sylvie Vollet
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Mitglied der Geschäftsleitung. Gem.
HR-Publikation vom 30.03.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre
Unterschrift erloschen.


KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  Myriad Konzern
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

VERWALTUNG:
NAME:  Myriad Group AG, Verwaltung
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Verwaltung

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Katherine Marie Criniti
ORT:  Charlestown (MA/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Peter McCormack
ORT:  Wigan (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Richard Francis
ORT:  Bracknell (UK)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Michael Grant
ORT:  Kilmacolm (UK)
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Jürg Wyss
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Landiswil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
24.08.2007 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Georges Boulloy
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Kloten
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.02.07
ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Dr. Daniel Diez
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Spanien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.07.06
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Edwin Douglass
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Morgins
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gempen SO
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.04.05
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen. ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Regula Haegi Hellal
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kappel am Albis
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 18.06.2008
ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Beat Heeb
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Altstätten, Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.07.06
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Marcus Helbling
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Niederwil AG
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  RapperswilJona
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 20.10.06
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Anne-Marie Larkin
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Maur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 17.07.06
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Jean-Pierre LeBlanc
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Le Mans
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie führte Kollektivprokura. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 14.11.05
ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Barbara Menet
STELLUNG:  Prokurist
ORT:  Bubikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivprokura zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Gais

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Halten von Beteiligungen.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Unter den Erwartungen
ENTWICKLUNG:  Stagnierende Geschäftsentwickl.
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften

   Hauptzweck der Gesellschaft ist das Erwerben, Halten und Verwalten von
Beteiligungen an anderen Gesellschaften in der Schweiz und im Ausland. Zweck der
Gesellschaft ist die Entwicklung, Vermarktung und der Vertrieb sowie die Wartung
von Software-Lösungen für die Mobilkommunikation und damit zusammenhängende
Anwendungen im Bereich der Informationstechnologie weltweit. Die Gesellschaft
kann Zweigniederlassungen und Tochtergesellschaften errichten sowie
Beteiligungen an anderen Gesellschaften in der Schweiz und im Ausland erwerben,
halten und verwalten. Sie kann Grundstücke und Immaterialgüterrechte erwerben,
halten, verwalten und veräussern. Zudem kann die Gesellschaft alle kommerziellen
und finanziellen Geschäfte durchführen, die ihrem Zweck förderlich sind.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 27.00
2015                  CHF 28.65
2014                  CHF 31.15
2013                  CHF 30.10
2012                  CHF 44.04
2011                  CHF 22.41
2010                  CHF 26.60
2009                  CHF 21.16
2008                  CHF 27.73

BEMERKUNGEN:  Umsatz laut Selbstangabe.

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

AKTIONÄR:
NAME:  GRAPAL Holding AG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Dezember 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'002'140.00

NAME:  Patinex AG
ORT:  Wollerau
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  15. November 1988
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 99'999'000.00


NAME:  UBS Fund Management (Switzerland) AG
ORT:  Basel
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  1. Dezember 1959
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  VV Value Vals AG
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. April 2013
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
 KAPITALBETEILIGUNG:
BETEILUNGSART:  Kapitalanteil
ANTEIL IN PROZENT:  0
ANTEIL ABSOLUTE:  CHF 5.04


NAME:  msngr AG
STELLUNG:  Alleinaktionär
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  4. August 2014
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00

NAME:  KPMG AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  11. Februar 1992
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 5'600'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
BEMERKUNGEN ZU IMMOBILIEN:  Die Angaben über Grundeigentum beschränken sich auf
das Domizil.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 11'050'004.70
LIBIERUNG:  11'050'004.70 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  110'500'047
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.10

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  7. April 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'025'939.10
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'050'004.70

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. April 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'025'393.10
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'025'939.10


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  20. April 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'165'939.10
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 11'025'393.10


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  8. April 2015
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'136'374.60
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'165'939.10


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  30. September 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 9'196'374.60
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 10'136'374.60


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. April 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 9'170'049.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 9'196'374.60


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. September 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'113'366.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 9'170'049.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. Juni 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'084'186.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'113'366.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Oktober 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'680'606.70
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 6'084'186.50


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. April 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'914'051.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 5'680'606.70


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. März 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'856'061.10
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'914'051.50


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  6. April 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'417'750.60
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'856'061.10


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. April 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'451'937.40
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 4'417'750.60


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  15. April 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'403'999.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'451'937.40


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'082'920.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'403'999.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  1. Juli 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'010'905.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'082'920.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Februar 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'998'896.50
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'010'905.50


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  4. Januar 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'660'265.40
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'998'896.50


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Februar 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'621'246.90
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'660'265.40


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  2. Juli 2013
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 650'266.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 26.00 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF -25'349'734.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  30. März 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Esmertec AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Myriad Group AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 20, 2009 Friday

Alter seniors leading charge

BYLINE: By Greg Billing Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 330 words


COLUMBUS - With a solid group of underclassmen and a few juniors mixed in, the
Alter Knights were considered by some to be one season away from returning to
the Division II high school girls basketball state tournament.

The Knights' three seniors are glad the team rejected that idea.

Alter plays Shaker Heights Hathaway Brown in the D-II state semifinals at 3 p.m.
today, March 20, at Ohio State's Schottenstein Center.

Starter Mary Bruner, role player Delaney Pieper and injured Megan Schwieterman -
she tore an anterior cruciate ligament for a third time - have all played key
roles.

"I think all of our kids understand and accept their role and play their role,"
Alter coach Chris Hart said. "I think that tone is set by all three of our
seniors."

Bruner, a 5-foot-10 forward, averages 4.8 points per game. Pieper has been key
in practice. And Schwieterman, despite tearing that ACL on the second day of
practice, has been at every practice and game.

"She worked her tail off all summer to get back from the second ACL," Hart said.
"To go down in the second practice of the year, I can not imagine going through
that."

Quote

"I'm going to be honest, we'd like to play Versailles. It's nothing personal.
We'd like another crack at Versailles." - South Euclid Regina coach Pat Diulus,
hopeful of a rematch after losing 75-60 to Versailles in the D-III state semis
last year.

Fast breaks

* Springboro's Amy Tucker still holds the D-II/ Class AA record for points in a
title game (36) in 1978. Her 70 points in two games is also a D-II record.

* Talk about small ball. D-IV state finalist Columbus Africentric - located
about six miles from OSU - had 20 students in its student section. Or about one
student for every free throw the Nubians made (19).

* Regina's Pa'Sonna Hope sported a different number. The reason? She left her
jersey at the team's hotel. "I had to count to 10 about 20 times," said Diulus.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2400, ext. 6991, or
gbilling@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 13, 2005 Thursday

Alter alumni to be honored;
Graduates to be inducted into Hall Jan. 28 in Kettering

BYLINE: By Helen Bebbington For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-6

LENGTH: 1017 words


KETTERING - Alter High School alumni being honored this year include a doctor
who flies on humanitarian missions, a priest who serves the poor and a
serviceman who died in the line of duty.

The Alter High School Alumni Hall of Fame will induct nine people, eight
graduates and a former coach, at a ceremony Jan. 28 at the Presidential Banquet
Center in Kettering.

This is the third year for the Alter Hall of Fame, which lauds alumni and others
for contributions to their fields and community service, as well as
distinguished student athletes.

The inductees are:

Dr. Michael Kunesh

Kunesh, a 1978 Alter graduate, attended the University of Notre Dame, where he
earned degrees in biology and theology.

He earned a medical degree and did training in ophthalmology at Ohio State
University. His practice specializes in cataract and glaucoma surgery.

The Oakwood resident has been a member of Alter's education commission and of
the St. Leonard's parish council.

Kunesh uses his skills to help others in poor countries.

He has visited Malawi in Africa to perform eye surgeries and to treat blindness
and has gone on medical missions to Honduras, China, Taiwan and Jamaica.

Of late, he has been focusing on helping children orphaned by the AIDS epidemic
in Africa.

Kunesh learned about service at school and has made it part of his life.

"I'm an example of what Alter is about," Kunesh said. "Alter is about educating
not just about facts, but educating about values. One of the values that they
educated me in is the value of service.

" I know a lot of Alter grads; there's thousands of them out there performing
services. I don't think I'm special in that sense."

The Rev. Mark R.

Soehner

Soehner, a 1976 graduate, has served the poor in Cincinnati and Detroit, and
once managed the St. Vincent Hotel in Dayton.

Soehner earned a bachelor's degree in English from Mercy College of Detroit in
1980, then joined the Franciscan Friars of the St. John the Baptist Province in
Cincinnati.

In 1987, he completed a master's degree in divinity at Chicago's Catholic
Theological Union and was ordained a priest.

In 1993, he earned a master's degree in pastoral counseling.

Soehner has taught English to immigrants and has provided pastoral counseling to
families at hospitals and to juveniles in detention.

At the University of Cincinnati, he coordinated pastoral and sacramental care of
students, faculty and parishioners.

In Dayton, he managed the St. Vincent Hotel. In Detroit, he founded a shelter
that serves 1,900 homeless people a week.

In 2003, he helped found a similar program for the homeless called Oasis
Detroit.

In 1995, Soehner became pastor of St. Aloysius Church in Detroit, where he works
as a counselor and spiritual director.

Later this year, he is expected to become pastor for three innercity parishes.

Jill Reiling Markey

Markey, class of 1974, earned a bachelor's degree in studio art at the
University of Kentucky, a master's degree in visual art from the University of
Dayton and a doctorate in art education at Ohio State University.

Markey

teaches art at Instructional Technology Services in Columbus and is a member of
the Ohio Alliance for Arts Education.

She served as president of the Ohio Art Education Association for two years.

Markey, who has won numerous awards, has been an exhibiting artist at the
Columbus Cultural Arts Center.

Sgt. Kevin Joseph Lannon

Lannon, who graduated in 1980, was a medic for the U.S. Army Rangers when he was
killed in the line of duty in 1983.

Lannon died while participating in a rescue mission in Grenada.

He and his fellow servicemen were trying to rescue American medical students.

A helicopter he was riding in was hit by small arms fire, killing him.

Lannon received the Bronze Star for his service.

Dr. Julie Schaefer Myers

Myers, who graduated in 1980, played basketball for four years at Alter, earning
three varsity letters.

She was named a three-time all-conference and all-area player. In her senior
year, she was allarea MVP, district player of the year and first-team all-state.

She also earned varsity letters in volleyball and softball.

Myers was awarded a basketball scholarship to the University of Dayton, where
she earned four varsity letters and more awards.

She graduated from UD in 1984, then earned a medical degree from Ohio
University.

The Miamisburg resident practices medicine in Kettering.

Jim Stangle

Stangle, a member of Alter's first graduating class of 1966, was a tackle on
offense and defense for the football team.

He was co-captain of the team as a junior and senior.

Stangle attended the University of Dayton on an athletic scholarship. He was a
three-year starter as an offensive tackle.

Stangle earned a bachelor's degree from UD in 1970, when he was commissioned as
a second lieutenant in the Army.

He later earned a master's degree in business from UD.

Stangle is general manager for Cintas in the Baltimore metro market.

Nancy Janco-Budde

Janco-Budde, a 1974 graduate, earned varsity letters in tennis, track,
basketball and volleyball at Alter.

She played women's tennis at Arizona State University, graduating in 1979.

Janco-Budde was ranked No. 7 in the United States for junior doubles in 1975 and
was firstteam All-American in 1978 for singles.

The Washington Twp. resident won the Montgomery County Women's Open Singles six
times.

From 1980-82, Janco-Budde was the head women's tennis coach at Purdue
University, and she coached the Alter girls tennis team to a state championship
in 2001.

Robert Schaefer

Schaefer, who graduated in 1975, earned two varsity letters in basketball and
three for baseball at Alter.

He accepted a basketball scholarship to Wright State University, where he was a
starter all four years.

He graduated from Wright State in 1979, and he was inducted into Wright State's
Hall of Fame in 1988.

Schaefer, a Miami Twp. resident, has worked at Reynolds & Reynolds for 25 years.

Kathleen Duchak

Duchak founded the girls soccer program at Alter in 1978 and won more than 100
games through 1987.

Duchak met her husband of 39 years, John, at the University of Dayton.

The mother of six children and resident of Washington Twp. died in January 2000.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Kunesh
Mark R. Soehner
Jill Reiling Markey
Kevin Joseph Lannon
Jim Stangle
Nancy Janco-Budde
Julie Schaefer Myers
Kathleen Duchak
Robert Schaefer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 10, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

WEDDINGS;
Denise Alter, Steven Sandor

SECTION: Section 9; Page 10; Column 5; Society Desk

LENGTH: 142 words


Denise Tina Alter, the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Sheldon Alter of White Plains,
was married yesterday to Steven Brian Sandor, a son of Dr. Frank Sandor of
Ossining, N.Y., and Dr. Deanna Sandor of Chappaqua, N.Y. Rabbi Richard Rheins
officiated at Tappan Hill in Tarrytown, N.Y.

The couple, both 24, are graduates of the University of Maryland. Mrs. Sandor
received a master's degree in psychology from Yeshiva University, where she is a
doctoral candidate in that subject. Her father is the chief of nephrology at
White Plains Hospital. Her mother, Toby Alter, is a travel consultant at
Hamilton Travel Inc., an agency in White Plains.

Mr. Sandor is the president of Northern Supply Company, a medical and
cleaning-products distributor in New York. His mother is a cardiologist in
Somers, N.Y. His father is a hematologist in New York.


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              April 1, 2005 Friday

Alter's Graul takes shot at No. 1 singles;
Junior tennis player likes tough schedule, tries hard to improve

BYLINE: By Debbie Juniewicz For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: VARSITY; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 376 words


KETTERING - No leisurely days on the beach or casual nights out with friends ...
spring break meant hard work for Tommy Graul.

The Alter High School junior spent his break at the Peter Burwash International
Tennis Academy in Georgia strengthening, conditioning and preparing. Graul has
moved up the ranks and will take the court as the Knights first singles player
when the Alter boys open their season Tuesday against Princeton.

"I know playing first singles is going to be a lot harder because every team has
at least one good player, and that's who I'll face every match," Graul said.
"And I want to be able to pull out some good wins."

After playing third singles his first year and second singles last season, the
No. 1 position was a natural progression, but it wasn't automatic.

"Tommy is a very dedicated player and he has a good attitude," Knights coach
Gary Gevedon said. "He earned this position, and I'm expecting good things from
him this season."

While the season is still a few days away, Gevedon is already pleased with what
he has seen from his first singles player. After an injury-plagued sophomore
season, Graul is showing Gevedon significantly increased endurance.

"He outruns everyone on the team now," Gevedon said. "I think he will be able to
hold up against pretty much anyone he plays this season."

Endurance will be crucial as the Knights' schedule includes some of the best
teams from Cincinnati, Cleveland, Columbus and the Miami Valley.

"We have a very tough schedule," Gevedon said. "But, even if they take some
losses, it will prepare them for the tournament."

Graul, who finished last season 17-3, doesn't mind an occasional loss.

"I'd rather play a hard schedule and lose than play an easy schedule and win
them all," he said. "That's how you get better."

Tough competition is nothing new for Graul, who was on the court by the time he
was 4. The 17-year-old has been playing in tournaments since he was 11.

His experience, however, is overshadowed by his work ethic. A spring break trip
to the Burwash Academy was his idea although a day of drills, conditioning and
tournament training in no way resembles a break.

"I want to improve and reach my potential," Graul said. "And I want to have a
good season."

Contact Debbie Juniewicz at

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tommy Graul

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Lebanon is primed for playoff run;
Coach Tim Mersch has volleyball team 5-0 in division.

BYLINE: Marc Pendleton

SECTION: ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 554 words


The Lebanon High School girls volleyball team continues to flex its might under
the guidance of coach Tim Mersch.

The Warriors are 189-49 in the past 10 years under Mersch, including 13-4 this
season and 5-0 in the Greater Western Ohio Conference South Division. With a
four-game defeat of Springboro last week, Lebanon ran its conference mark to
45-1 in those last 10 seasons and clinched another divisional title.

Twice Lebanon has won the regular-season ending GWOC tourney title, in 2008 and
'14. Lebanon was at Northmont on Monday and wraps up the regular season by
hosting Fairmont on Thursday and playing at Milford on Saturday.

The volleyball seed meetings are Sunday. Postseason play begins on Saturday,
Oct. 17.

? The Dayton Christian boys soccer team has taken a brotherhood kinship to the
next level. The Warriors have four sets of brothers on the varsity, including
three siblings for two of the families. Proud father Dan Erlandson reports that
DC often has eight of the 10 brothers playing at the same time.

The Erlandsons are represented by senior Jared, co-captain and junior Jake and
freshman Josh. Juniors Eli and John Socha are joined by freshman goalkeeper Paul
Socha. Also excelling on the team are junior Alex Reid and freshman Sam Reid.
There's also sophomore Brendan Blake and his freshman brother Caleb Quarles.

DC (7-4-1) has advanced to the Division III regional finals three of the last
four seasons. The Warriors were at Franklin Monroe on Monday and will play at
Lehman Catholic today.

? Longtime Alter football coach Ed Domsitz earned his 300th career victory
following Friday's 52-7 defeat of Purcell Marian.

According to Ohio High School Athletic Association records, if Alter wins at
Badin on Friday, Domsitz will tie former Center-ville coach Bob Gregg for No. 13
among Ohio's most winningest all-time coaches. That's no slam dunk; Badin (5-1)
and Alter (5-1) both have lost to Fenwick (6-0).

Former Ironton coach Bub Lutz (381) is the state's all-time leader in wins.
Former Versailles coach Al Hetrick was 334-95-4 from 1968-2005, good for No. 4.

? Alter alum Joe Thuney (Class of 2011) continues to earn recognition as a
redshirt senior at North Carolina State University.

A left offensive tackle, Thuney was a preseason All-Atlantic Coast Conference
selection and was the conference's offensive lineman of the week in a 63-14
defeat of South Alabama.

He also was voted by teammates and coaches to NCSU's Leadership Council and is a
semifinalist for the Campbell Trophy, awarded by the National Football
Foundation for college football's premier scholar-athlete.

Also excelling for the Wolfpack is sophomore linebacker and Beaver-creek grad
(2014) Airius Moore. He ranks second in the team with 22 total tackles.

? Former Trot-wood-Madison standout Tom Rapp (Class of 1977) was one of two
newly inducted members into the Dayton Distance Running Hall of Fame last month.

Rapp won the Class AAA mile run in the state track and field meet as a senior
with PR's of 4:09.1 in the mile and 9:02.4 in the two-mile and was an
All-American at Penn State. He's also overseen a Mason cross-country boys
program that won state D-I team titles in 2008 and '14.

Also inducted was masters and senior standout runner Bob Moats.

Contact this reporter at

937-225-2381 or email

Marc.Pendleton@coxinc.com

Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Lebanon is primed for playoff run;
Coach Tim Mersch has volleyball team 5-0 in division.

BYLINE: Marc Pendleton

SECTION: ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 554 words


The Lebanon High School girls volleyball team continues to flex its might under
the guidance of coach Tim Mersch.

The Warriors are 189-49 in the past 10 years under Mersch, including 13-4 this
season and 5-0 in the Greater Western Ohio Conference South Division. With a
four-game defeat of Springboro last week, Lebanon ran its conference mark to
45-1 in those last 10 seasons and clinched another divisional title.

Twice Lebanon has won the regular-season ending GWOC tourney title, in 2008 and
'14. Lebanon was at Northmont on Monday and wraps up the regular season by
hosting Fairmont on Thursday and playing at Milford on Saturday.

The volleyball seed meetings are Sunday. Postseason play begins on Saturday,
Oct. 17.

? The Dayton Christian boys soccer team has taken a brotherhood kinship to the
next level. The Warriors have four sets of brothers on the varsity, including
three siblings for two of the families. Proud father Dan Erlandson reports that
DC often has eight of the 10 brothers playing at the same time.

The Erlandsons are represented by senior Jared, co-captain and junior Jake and
freshman Josh. Juniors Eli and John Socha are joined by freshman goalkeeper Paul
Socha. Also excelling on the team are junior Alex Reid and freshman Sam Reid.
There's also sophomore Brendan Blake and his freshman brother Caleb Quarles.

DC (7-4-1) has advanced to the Division III regional finals three of the last
four seasons. The Warriors were at Franklin Monroe on Monday and will play at
Lehman Catholic today.

? Longtime Alter football coach Ed Domsitz earned his 300th career victory
following Friday's 52-7 defeat of Purcell Marian.

According to Ohio High School Athletic Association records, if Alter wins at
Badin on Friday, Domsitz will tie former Center-ville coach Bob Gregg for No. 13
among Ohio's most winningest all-time coaches. That's no slam dunk; Badin (5-1)
and Alter (5-1) both have lost to Fenwick (6-0).

Former Ironton coach Bub Lutz (381) is the state's all-time leader in wins.
Former Versailles coach Al Hetrick was 334-95-4 from 1968-2005, good for No. 4.

? Alter alum Joe Thuney (Class of 2011) continues to earn recognition as a
redshirt senior at North Carolina State University.

A left offensive tackle, Thuney was a preseason All-Atlantic Coast Conference
selection and was the conference's offensive lineman of the week in a 63-14
defeat of South Alabama.

He also was voted by teammates and coaches to NCSU's Leadership Council and is a
semifinalist for the Campbell Trophy, awarded by the National Football
Foundation for college football's premier scholar-athlete.

Also excelling for the Wolfpack is sophomore linebacker and Beaver-creek grad
(2014) Airius Moore. He ranks second in the team with 22 total tackles.

? Former Trot-wood-Madison standout Tom Rapp (Class of 1977) was one of two
newly inducted members into the Dayton Distance Running Hall of Fame last month.

Rapp won the Class AAA mile run in the state track and field meet as a senior
with PR's of 4:09.1 in the mile and 9:02.4 in the two-mile and was an
All-American at Penn State. He's also overseen a Mason cross-country boys
program that won state D-I team titles in 2008 and '14.

Also inducted was masters and senior standout runner Bob Moats.

Contact this reporter at

937-225-2381 or email

Marc.Pendleton@coxinc.com

Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                              March 9, 2012 Friday

The bruising battle for Alter Communications

LENGTH: 3535 words


For every business that enters the limbo of Chapter 11, confirmation of a
reorganization plan is the finish line that everyone is struggling toward.
Reaching it, attaining it, means that after months or years of restructuring,
negotiating, perhaps even liquidating, everyone involved can finally move on.
But what happens when confirmation is suddenly scrapped and a company that
thought it was exiting Chapter 11 discovers itself dragged back into a
bankruptcy court that, in turn, has had its own decisions reversed? The answer:
It's not pretty.  For Maryland-based Alter Communications Inc., publisher of the
92-year-old Baltimore Jewish Times, that question became a cold reality, the
result of a long battle with its main creditor, Baltimore printer H.G. Roebuck &
Son Inc., that has lasted nearly four years now.

"It's just been completely maddening. ... That's the only way I can describe
this entire thing," says Alter publisher Andrew Buerger. For Buerger, the
madness spiked last summer after a seeming triumph: confirmation by the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland in Baltimore of a reorganization
plan that would have kept the company in the control of the Buerger family but
given Roebuck what the creditor felt was less than its fair share.  Roebuck sued
in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, and on June 3 Judge
Richard Bennett signed an order reversing the confirmation, ending Alter's
exclusive right to propose a reorganization plan and sending Alter and Roebuck
back to the drawing board -- and back to bankruptcy court.  Bennett's decision
to reverse the bankruptcy court's earlier order is unusual: Plan confirmations
seldom get overturned. Neither Maryland's bankruptcy court nor the Executive
Office for U.S. Trustees in Washington, responsible for overseeing the
administration of bankruptcy cases, track the number of Chapter 11 plans that
are confirmed and subsequently reversed, but Richard Squire, a bankruptcy law
professor at Fordham University School of Law in New York, estimated that it
happens in, at most, one in 10 cases. Included in that figure, though, are not
just confirmations that are reversed because of appeals, but also instances when
a debtor defaults on obligations under the plan or a deal key to funding
creditor recoveries, such as a sale, fails.  Joel Sher, head of the bankruptcy
and restructuring practice at Baltimore-based Shapiro Sher Guinot & Sandler PA,
characterizes such reversals as "extremely rare. I can't remember ever seeing
that before in Maryland where a plan confirmation has been appealed and then
reversed."   Charlotte, N.C., bankruptcy lawyer John Culver III of K&L Gates LLP
has views as to why it is so "extraordinarily unusual." Under bankruptcy's
equitable mootness doctrine, confirmation can't be appealed once a plan has been
consummated, which forces creditors to move quickly if they want to see the
decision reversed. Perhaps a bigger roadblock to appeal, Culver says, is what's
at the heart of every bankruptcy case: lack of cash. "When cases are confirmed,
it's very difficult to find a creditor that would be willing to pay for an
appeal," he says.   The Alter case clearly demonstrates why so few are willing
to take on the emotional and financial burden of overturning a confirmation
plan.  Roebuck, which had been instrumental in putting Alter into Chapter 11,
both moved quickly and proved willing to shoulder the additional costs. By now,
the conflict between the two is intensely personal and damaging to both. After a
brief period when the pair seemed willing to work together to come up with a new
plan, the disputes erupted again, leaving both debtor and creditor as far away
as ever from everyone's ultimate goal, confirmation.    For decades, Alter was
the publisher of a community newspaper, the Baltimore Jewish Times, or the JT,
that was also a valuable family asset. The weekly tabloid was started in 1919 by
David Alter, who ran it for more than 50 years before his grandson, Charles
Buerger, took it over. With the help of editor Gary Rosenblatt, Buerger expanded
both the coverage and size of the publication. In the 1980s, the paper typically
exceeded 200 pages, with a circulation that hovered around 20,000 readers.
Business was so good in the pre-Internet era that in 1989 Buerger launched a
second publication, reaching beyond the JT's Jewish base, the seven-times-a-year
Style magazine, which covers Baltimore home design, fashion, food and regional
travel.  When Buerger died in 1996, his son Andrew took over. The JT was not
just a profitable asset, it had some journalistic chops. Baltimore native Phil
Jacobs, who had edited The Detroit Jewish News, a 40,000 circulation weekly once
owned by Alter, became executive editor of the JT and oversaw an investigative
series on child molestation by member of the rabbinate. These stories, he says,
"needed to be told," in spite of the backlash it stirred in Baltimore's Jewish
community.  "It was very difficult to report on some of the perpetrators because
these were men that were household names and they bar mitzvahed and bat
mitzvahed you, and they married you and they buried your grandparents, and [the
feeling was] how could you report on something that would cast them into a
terrible light?" he says. Jacobs' experience during the controversy became the
subject of a 2010 documentary entitled "Standing Silent."   Jacobs left Alter
last June to become editor of Washington Jewish Week, just as the tabloid was
undergoing a redesign that turned it into a glossy weekly magazine with 50,000
readers that publishes everything from wedding announcements to hard news.  By
then, Alter had been in Chapter 11 a year. The cause: a soured, decades-long
relationship with its printer, H.G. Roebuck, which ended in litigation that left
the company strapped for cash. Alter blamed its April 14, 2010, bankruptcy
filing on an inability to pay a $326,125 judgment awarded to Roebuck by the
Circuit Court for Baltimore County.   Like so much else at Alter, the break with
Roebuck has a long backstory. Roebuck, like Alter, was a family company with
nearly a century of history in Baltimore. Andrew Buerger says his company began
working with Roebuck in the late 1950s. "Before that, my great-grandfather had
the paper printed in Pittsburgh and shipped down by train, so Roebuck was the
first printer in Baltimore that we used, and the relationship was OK for a
number of years," he says.   Buerger became publisher of Alter in 1997, around
the time the company was growing increasingly frustrated with Roebuck's service.
Buerger argues that Roebuck was "light years behind the rest of the industry" in
its technology and the quality of the printing had deteriorated to the point
where advertisers and subscribers complained. Alter shared its concerns with
Roebuck just before the 2008 financial crisis, and in the same year the
publisher attempted to negotiate lower pricing, despite the fact that it had an
exclusive printing contract that didn't expire until April 1, 2011.   "We looked
at the market rate, and we knew we were paying 40% too much for our printing. We
said, 'You're going to put us out of business,'?" says Buerger, who argues that
Alter's relationship with Roebuck was costing the company $250,000 a year.
Calls to Roebuck were not returned, and counsel to the creditor William L.
Hallam of Baltimore-based Rosenberg Martin Greenberg LLP declined comment, but
in court papers, Roebuck said Alter violated a March 1, 2001, exclusive printing
agreement a full two years before it expired. In February 2009, Roebuck sued
Alter, seeking $1.7 million in damages for past-due printing and lost profits.
For his part, Buerger says the contract was the result of little more than an
earlier "vague and unclear" letter between the two companies and that he offered
Roebuck $175,000 for unpaid printing fees and $225,000 more to get out of the
contract. Roebuck refused.  A judge in Maryland circuit court entered a final
judgment against Alter on April 8, 2010. Alter then filed for Chapter 11 in the
bankruptcy court six days later. From the start of the case, the printer battled
with Alter, objecting to everything from the request to use cash collateral to
paying critical vendors, including its new printer.   On Oct. 14, 2010, Roebuck
filed a motion to terminate Alter's exclusivity period, which barred other
parties from submitting competing reorganization plans. Four days later, Roebuck
submitted its first objection to Alter's confirmation plan.  Roebuck argued in
court papers that the debtor's plan, which had the Buerger family retaining at
least 85% in Alter equity, violated the absolute priority rule, a requirement
for plan confirmation in bankruptcy court. (Andrew Buerger holds a 16.86% equity
interest in the company, and his mother, Ronnie Buerger, 44.29%, while the
estate of sister Jodi Buerger, as well as siblings Kevin Buerger, Danielle
Bunting and Lauren Buerger Holub each have 9.71% stakes.) Under the absolute
priority rule, all creditor classes must either accept the plan or be
unimpaired, meaning they do not get to vote and are deemed to have accepted the
plan. If a creditor class does object, the plan may still be confirmed through a
"cramdown," which requires that the plan "does not discriminate unfairly, and is
fair and equitable." A plan can be considered fair and equitable only if claims
are paid in full or if the plan complies with the rule, which says "the holder
of any claim or interest that is junior to the claims of such class will not
receive or retain under the plan on account of such junior claim or interest any
property."   That's where Alter got into trouble. Under Alter's original plan,
if the Buerger family did not retain all the equity in the reorganized company,
then $42,000 of unpaid principal and accrued interest on Buerger's unsecured
claim related to an earlier loan to Alter would be immediately due and payable.
Under the plan, which would be funded by Alter's cash flow, Roebuck would have
received 85% of Alter's profits after expenses from 2011 to 2015.   But Roebuck
argued that the price placed on the aggregate value of Alter's equity, $14,000,
had not been tested in the market and gave the Buerger family an unfair edge. If
unsecured creditors decided to buy the 15% equity interest available under the
plan, the immediate payment of Buerger's claim would drastically reduce the
recovery.  Despite Roebuck's protestations, on Dec. 1, 2010, Judge James
Schneider of the Maryland bankruptcy court dismissed the creditor's request to
end exclusivity and confirmed Alter's plan two weeks later on Dec. 15, 2010.
THEN the fight got serious. Incensed by Schneider's decision, Roebuck took its
case to a different judicial arena. Two days after the decision, Roebuck
appealed Alter's right to exclusivity in Maryland district court, and then, on
Dec. 30, appealed the confirmation decision itself, claiming that it violated
absolute priority.   After six months of arguments, Bennett reversed the
bankruptcy court's decision. In his opinion, he said Alter had failed to
accurately test the market for the equity. The judge said that placing fewer
than 10 advertisements in local publications from Dec. 1, 2010, the date of the
exclusivity hearing, to Dec. 15, the date of the confirmation hearing, did not
constitute proper market testing, especially since no competing plans could be
submitted to the court. The judge called the ads far too "bare bones" and
"cryptic." Most of the ads contained only this text: "Weekly publication
[incentive stock option] buyers/investors," alongside a Maryland phone number.
For its part, Alter contends that it did reach out to a targeted group of
potential investors, mainly those involved in other Jewish publications, before
filing the plan, but that none of them showed any interest.  "What [Alter's]
case does is emphasize the importance of market testing," K&L Gates' Culver
says. Culver served as counsel to creditor Sprint Nextel Corp. during DBSD North
America Inc.'s massive 2009 bankruptcy. It was Sprint's complaint and assertion
that DBSD violated another aspect of the absolute priority rule, which
eventually led to confirmation in that case to be reversed by the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 2nd Circuit in December 2010. "It's the importance of making
sure that when existing equity holders are buying interest, the price being used
is correct," says Culver. "It's a fairness issue."  Squire echoes Culver's
assessment, pointing out that it's "pretty standard" for confirmation to be
reversed when it looks like shareholders have "tried to sell themselves shares
of the company on the cheap." He adds: "It becomes a question of, 'Are they
getting a sweetheart deal?'?"   Once Bennett determined that the Buergers were
in fact getting an excessively favorable deal under the original plan, Alter and
Roebuck went back to duking it out in bankruptcy court.   Buerger says that the
fight has been draining for everyone, particularly Alter employees. Alter
slashed a third of its workforce when the recession began in 2008, has not given
raises to its 40 remaining employees and had to implement furloughs for the
third time in February, he says.  "That's the frustrating part about this,"
Buerger says. "These are hardworking, dedicated, talented people. ... They want
to be here because they believe in what we're trying to do. They're just trying
to do their jobs. It's very distracting, and it's very hard to concentrate on
the task at hand with all the madness going on."  An Alter manager, Linda
Yurche, describes the company's staff as fiercely loyal -- at least 30 employees
have attended bankruptcy hearings.   For a short time late last year, it seemed
that Alter and Roebuck might resolve their differences. Exasperated by the
infighting, Schneider on Sept. 28 ordered the two to work better together -- or
else. He set an Oct. 21 deadline for them to file a joint reorganization plan,
and said he would consider the appointment of a Chapter 11 trustee. Just after
the judge's order, Yurche says Alter was "optimistic" the pair would reach a
mutual agreement.   Schneider then extended the deadline twice, first to Nov. 25
and then to Dec. 31 at the request of Alter.   Buerger says Schneider admonished
both companies, telling Alter to give up on a $1 million recovery and majority
control and saying that Roebuck should receive a fixed amount of money, not a
share of profits, and that claims stemming from shareholder loans of $42,000 and
$181,000 owed to Andrew and Ronnie Buerger, respectively, should not be paid
until other unsecured claims were fully satisfied.  During negotiations, Buerger
says the company offered Roebuck $400,000 over a five-year period, which the
printer countered with a $700,000 figure. Buerger says Alter made a final offer
of $525,000 over six years, and after 10 days Roebuck came back demanding $1
million. "There was no gap," Buerger says. "We weren't monkeying around with our
offers. We offered them every penny we could offer to continue running the
business."  The creditor, however, told a different story in a motion requesting
the appointment of a trustee. Roebuck alleged that Alter agreed to meet only
once to discuss the possibilities of filing a joint plan, and on condition that
minority shareholder Charles Roebuck III participate as the printer's only
representative.  Squire terms Roebuck's request for a trustee as "aggressive."
"When a creditor filed a motion seeking a trustee, [the creditor] is saying, 'We
think management is not just incompetent, but dishonest or corrupt in some way.'
... That does suggest that this has become rancorous," he says.   The printer
alleged that at a Sept. 28 meeting Alter proposed a plan under which all
unsecured creditors, not just Roebuck, would be paid $521,000 over a six-year
period. Roebuck suggested that the debtor should pay $600,000 to $700,000 to
satisfy its claim. After Charles discussed the proposal with his father and
brother, Roebuck decided that even its own proposal was unreasonably favorable
to Alter. Roebuck contended that since Alter had closed its Chesapeake Life
magazine last year, it could use those savings to fund recoveries.   Roebuck
then proposed a joint plan under which unsecured creditors would be paid $1
million over six years. The creditor also said it would consider plans under
which unsecureds would receive less than $1 million, if they also received stock
in the reorganized debtor.  In court papers, Roebuck said that "consistent with
the theme of casting [the printer] as the unreasonable villain," Alter had
accused the company of negotiating in bad faith.  The two companies were unable
to come to an agreement, and Alter and Roebuck blew through all three deadlines
without a plan. The companies have now each submitted plans of their own.  In a
three-day bloc ending March 14, Judge Nancy Alquist of the Maryland bankruptcy
court will decide between the two plans as well as rule on Roebuck's trustee
motion. (Sources say the case was reassigned to Alquist after Schneider fell
ill.)   Regardless of the outcome, it's unclear if there will be a real winner
when the mudslinging is over. Buerger says Roebuck has now spent over $650,000
in legal fees, double the amount it was originally awarded in its 2009 judgment.
Roebuck has also said in court papers it has missed out on $1.44 million in lost
profits due to the termination of its Alter contract. Alter, according to
Buerger, is operating with the "bare minimum."  "This is very personal. ...
There's no rationale behind it," Buerger says. "[Roebuck] is hurting any
investment that we're trying to make for the future. I'm always looking in the
mirror and asking, 'How can I improve? What mistakes did I make?' But the bottom
line is we cannot give these guys a lot of money. There's no gold in our
backyard. The recession and the industry have too many challenges to write them
a big check."   Meanwhile, another Baltimorean, Scott Rifkin, stepped up in
December to lead a group of investors willing to put up $600,000 to fund a plan
to get Alter out of bankruptcy for good. Rifkin, a physician turned
entrepreneur, declined to provide any additional details about the investor
group.  Under the debtor's latest plan, proposed Dec. 30, the group would retain
80% of the equity interests in the reorganized company. The Buerger family would
hold the remaining 20%, and Buerger would remain publisher.  Buerger says his
family is "obviously upset" at losing control of Alter, but adds, "I'm happy for
our employees, our community, our publication, that [the JT] will go on."
Alter's new plan also contains provisions stating that while Buerger will remain
in charge, the investor group will make final editorial decisions. According to
Rifkin, the group decided to approach Alter after seeing the company struggle
financially and battle with Roebuck in public. "We saw they were having this
problem, and we reached out to them. This has been going on forever," he says.
"You have a lot of emotion built into this, particularly from [Roebuck], and it
just struck us that if it went on as long as we thought it could go on, it would
get to the point where [the JT] wouldn't be able to go on."  Rifkin, who owns
Baltimore sports monthly Press Box magazine and PressBoxOnline.com, says that if
the court does opt for Alter's plan, the group is confident it can make the
publisher more profitable. (In its most recent monthly operating report, for
December 2011, Alter reported a $31,760 profit, court papers said.)  The
investors plan to keep the current editorial staff in place and bring in
"outside expertise" in advertising and marketing to boost margins, Rifkin says.
On Feb. 22 Roebuck submitted a plan of its own that would have all of Alter's
equity go to a Roebuck-affiliated shareholder in exchange for an $800,000
investment from WJW Group LLC, the publisher of Washington Jewish Week, edited
by Jacobs. Under the plan, a person designated by WJW would serve as the JT's
publisher.  Roebuck would receive a 17% recovery on its judgment amount. The
printer also contends it is owed $1.44 million in lost profits related to the
judgment, of which it would receive a 17% recovery.   Charles Roebuck III and
Richard Roebuck would each serve as Alter vice presidents, while Charles Roebuck
Jr. would become secretary and treasurer. Craig Burke, chief operating officer
atWashington Jewish Week, would serve as president.  In an e-mailed statement,
Burke says Roebuck approached the Washington paper about partnering.  Though it
remains uncertain who will end up in control of Alter, it's clear that the
struggle will leave both sides hurting. "This is all just the unfortunate nature
of the litigious people we're dealing with. They've created a no-win situation
for anybody," says Buerger.   "This just seems like one of those cantankerous
cases that comes along every once in a while," bankruptcy attorney Sher says.
"The parties in this case had been fighting for at least a year before the
bankruptcy, and they seem incapable of reaching any compromise."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Project will have 228 affordable units

BYLINE: Shonda Novak American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 581 words


Construction has started on a $21 million apartment project in North Austin that
will have 228 units with moderate rents.

The Strategic Housing Finance Corporation of Travis County and Louisville,
Ky.-based LDG Development confirmed the launch of the project - to be called the
Paddock at Norwood - to the American-Statesman on Monday. The project comes as
the city of Austin struggles to meet the need for more low-cost housing and
plans to seek voter approval this fall for $65 million in bonds to build, repair
and renovate affordable housing units.

Rents at the Paddock at Norwood are intended to be within reach of households
making 60 percent or less of the Austin area's median income, which for a family
of four would be $44,400. Monthly rents will be $755 for one-bedroom units; $895
for two-bedrooms; and $1,050 for three-bedroom units.

The first units are expected to open by April .

"Austin is considered one of the most energetic cities in the United States,"
said Chris Dischinger, principal of LDG Development. "The continued growth in
population causes a growing need to provide housing. The Paddock at Norwood will
be a perfect place for families because it's within walking distance of Hart
Elementary School plus a Wal-Mart Supercenter, the Virginia L. Brown Recreation
Center and St. John's Park."

Amenities will include a clubhouse, a business center with free wireless service
and a fitness center, as well as a playground, picnic benches and grills. Units
will meet the city's green-building standards and will come with
energy-efficient appliances.

According to LDG, the project will be the first new affordable housing community
built in North Austin since 1999.

About 30 percent of the project's $21 million cost will come from income tax
credits allocated by the state, said Craig Alter, executive vice president of
the Strategic Housing Finance Corporation of Travis County.

First Sterling is providing the equity to build the project, by purchasing the
tax credits, Alter said. Citibank is providing the construction and permanent
lending.

Alter said the undersupply of moderately priced housing is evidenced in the
occupancy level and rent rates of its affordable housing stock.

"We're seeing typical occupancies above 97 percent," Alter said. "Essentially
they're full." One project, Southpark Ranch on South First Street just south of
Slaughter Lane, "runs at nearly 100 percent (occupancy) all the time," he said.

Also pointing to the lack of supply are rents at the lower-cost housing
projects, which are at or near the maximum allowed by the Texas Department of
Housing and Community Affairs under the housing tax credit program, Alter said.

"If there was adequate supply, there would be enough competition to keep the
rental rates lower," Alter said. "There's such a demand for housing that people
are willing to pay" those maximum rents.

Citing the need for tens of thousands of affordable units, the city's
Neighborhood Housing and Community Development department, along with housing
advocacy groups, strongly urged the city to put the affordable housing bond
issue before voters, Alter said. The election will be Nov. 5.

"They wouldn't be doing that if they didn't recognize there was a big need,"
Alter said.

Last year, Austin voters turned down $78.3 million in bonds for affordable
housing. A study conducted in 2009 found that Austin needs 40,000 more low-cost
housing units for people who earn less than $20,000 a year.

Contact Shonda Novak at 512-445-3856.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 22, 2010 Tuesday

Boucher brothers healthy, ready to help RedHawks;
Last season Austin battled illness while Collin recovered from an injury.

BYLINE: By Kyle Nagel Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 666 words


OXFORD - Austin and Collin Boucher were born 23 minutes apart and shared the
same bedroom until they were 8 years old.

But that didn't mean the former Alter High School football stalwarts felt more
comfortable when they got their own bedrooms.

"I was still afraid of the dark," Austin, a quarterback, said last week while
the brothers sat on a couch in their summer apartment to discuss their
first-year experiences with the Miami University football program and prospects
of moving forward.

"I would sleep on his floor sometimes."

Collin interrupted, "Please don't put that in the paper."

The childhood memory, though, serves as an example of the close relationship
that helped the Boucher brothers lead Alter to previously unknown success and
navigate a sometimes-difficult first year in Oxford.

After finishing their prep careers by helping Alter win its first state football
championship in 2008 - Austin quarterbacked on the field while linebacker Collin
recovered from a knee injury that would hamper him for nearly two years - they
ended an unusual recruiting process by landing at Miami.

And even though they say it wasn't the plan, the fact that the brothers are part
of the same program has helped them both, they said.

"They," Miami coach Mike Haywood said, "are thick as thieves."

In fact, while they talked about everything from their cooking habits to golf
games to grueling conditioning, they realized Austin was wearing Collin's shirt,
and Collin was wearing Austin's shorts. They sit together in class, even though
Collin sometimes slouches when Austin shouts questions in large lecture halls.

But they also know how to say the right words in difficult situations, which
both experienced while redshirting last season.

"When I'm down, he's my brother, and he knows what to say to me," Austin said.
"If I were at a different school, who knows the things to say that I need to
hear?"

Landing in Oxford

For most of their senior seasons, it didn't seem the Bouchers would be on the
same college roster.

Austin had committed to Toledo, but a coaching change there led Austin to
re-open his recruitment. The process intensified when Ohio State offered him a
scholarship.

Collin, meanwhile, was worried that a significant ligament tear he suffered
during the 2008 opener compromised his scholarship chances.

Then, shortly before the first-day recruits could sign their letters of intent,
Miami came through with scholarship offers for both. Many considered them
well-deserved, as Austin had passed for 1,900 yards and 22 touchdowns as a
senior and Collin had been one of the school's strongest and fiercest players
before his injury.

Without planning it, they said, they remained together.

"We were thinking, 'There are so many schools, there's no way we'll end up at
the same place,' " Collin said.

Tough transition

During their first training camp last summer, Collin was still injured, and
Austin contracted swine flu just as he was trying make his first impression on
the coaches. That started a sometimes-frustrating season not just for the
brothers, but for Miami, which finished 1-11 under first-year coach Haywood.

"When you witness a losing attitude, you don't want to be around that anymore,"
Austin said. "Being a whole new style of offense and defense, some kinks needed
to be worked out. Now the workouts are 10 times harder, the coaches pushing 10
times more, and people have their heads on right."

"It's a winning mentality for sure," Collin said. "The whole spirit has changed,
really."

The same could be said for the Bouchers. Austin, who dropped from 205 to 180
pounds with his illness, has bulked up to 215. Collin, who realized quickly how
strong linebackers are at the Division I college level, has added 17 pounds and
is up to 234.

Even more than body type, the brothers say they're more mentally prepared for
their second seasons in Oxford.

"You can tell immediately that they're very close," Haywood said. "They get
after it in practice as much as anyone, and I think they drive each other."

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Twins Collin (left) and Austin Boucher - who graduated from Alter High
School - are preparing for their second season with the Miami University
football team. Collin is a linebacker and Austin a quarterback. Staff photo by
Greg Lynch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Variety

                        March 16, 2009 - March 22, 2009

The Perfect Sleep

BYLINE: Andrew Barker

SECTION: FILM REVIEWS; Web Only

LENGTH: 306 words


A Cinema Epoch release of a United Pictures production. Produced by Jeremy Alter
, Keith Kjarval, Anton Pardoe. Executive producer, Jay Sedrish. Co-producer,
Kurt Rauer.
Directed by Jeremy Alter. Screenplay, Anton Pardoe. Camera (color), Charles
Papert; editor, Martin Hunter; music, Dave Vanian; production designer, Clayton
Hartley; costume designer, Kristen Anacker. Reviewed on DVD, Los Angeles, March
10, 2009. Running time: 105 MIN.


With: Anton Pardoe, Roselyn Sanchez, Patrick Bauchau, Peter J. Lucas, Tony
Amendola, Sam Thakur, Dominique Vandenberg, Cameron Daddo, Michael Pare.
For a first feature, director Jeremy Alter's "The Perfect Sleep" is admirably
ambitious, an attempt to sculpt an otherworldly, postmodern noir out of gauzy
tableaux vivants and fever-dream imagery. Unfortunately, Alter's often inventive
work is kneecapped by a deliriously nonsensical script, which misses the mark as
both over-the-top parody and straight-faced homage, and could have been intended
as either. Limited L.A. run begins March 13, though it's tough to imagine what
audiences will make of such a dense, bizarre exercise in genre mimicry.
Film concerns an unnamed man (Anton Pardoe, who also scripted), perpetually
bloodied and prone to prosaic narration, returning to an unnamed city (Los
Angeles) to reconnect with lost love Porphyria (Roselyn Sanchez). Flashbacks
detail their childhood at the center of murderous intrigue involving Russian
mobsters and Indian crime lords, all of whom come back into play in the present
day. Impressive production design and music (from the Damned's Dave Vanian) give
the film a stylish sheen, but as the narrative plods through increasingly dull
convolutions and poor approximations of hardboiled dialogue, the overall effect
is that of an elongated student film careening slowly, deliberately out of
control.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

The bruising battle for Alter Communications

BYLINE: by Kelsey Butler

LENGTH: 3537 words


For every business that enters the limbo of Chapter 11, confirmation of a
reorganization plan is the finish line that everyone is struggling toward.
Reaching it, attaining it, means that after months or years of restructuring,
negotiating, perhaps even liquidating, everyone involved can finally move on.
But what happens when confirmation is suddenly scrapped and a company that
thought it was exiting Chapter 11 discovers itself dragged back into a
bankruptcy court that, in turn, has had its own decisions reversed? The answer:
It's not pretty.  For Maryland-based Alter Communications Inc., publisher of the
92-year-old Baltimore Jewish Times, that question became a cold reality, the
result of a long battle with its main creditor, Baltimore printer H.G. Roebuck &
Son Inc., that has lasted nearly four years now.

"It's just been completely maddening. &hellip; That's the only way I can
describe this entire thing," says Alter publisher Andrew Buerger. For Buerger,
the madness spiked last summer after a seeming triumph: confirmation by the U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland in Baltimore of a reorganization
plan that would have kept the company in the control of the Buerger family but
given Roebuck what the creditor felt was less than its fair share.  Roebuck sued
in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, and on June 3 Judge
Richard Bennett signed an order reversing the confirmation, ending Alter's
exclusive right to propose a reorganization plan and sending Alter and Roebuck
back to the drawing board - and back to bankruptcy court.  Bennett's decision to
reverse the bankruptcy court's earlier order is unusual: Plan confirmations
seldom get overturned. Neither Maryland's bankruptcy court nor the Executive
Office for U.S. Trustees in Washington, responsible for overseeing the
administration of bankruptcy cases, track the number of Chapter 11 plans that
are confirmed and subsequently reversed, but Richard Squire, a bankruptcy law
professor at Fordham University School of Law in New York, estimated that it
happens in, at most, one in 10 cases. Included in that figure, though, are not
just confirmations that are reversed because of appeals, but also instances when
a debtor defaults on obligations under the plan or a deal key to funding
creditor recoveries, such as a sale, fails.  Joel Sher, head of the bankruptcy
and restructuring practice at Baltimore-based Shapiro Sher Guinot & Sandler PA,
characterizes such reversals as "extremely rare. I can't remember ever seeing
that before in Maryland where a plan confirmation has been appealed and then
reversed."   Charlotte, N.C., bankruptcy lawyer John Culver III of K&L Gates LLP
has views as to why it is so "extraordinarily unusual." Under bankruptcy's
equitable mootness doctrine, confirmation can't be appealed once a plan has been
consummated, which forces creditors to move quickly if they want to see the
decision reversed. Perhaps a bigger roadblock to appeal, Culver says, is what's
at the heart of every bankruptcy case: lack of cash. "When cases are confirmed,
it's very difficult to find a creditor that would be willing to pay for an
appeal," he says.   The Alter case clearly demonstrates why so few are willing
to take on the emotional and financial burden of overturning a confirmation
plan.  Roebuck, which had been instrumental in putting Alter into Chapter 11,
both moved quickly and proved willing to shoulder the additional costs. By now,
the conflict between the two is intensely personal and damaging to both. After a
brief period when the pair seemed willing to work together to come up with a new
plan, the disputes erupted again, leaving both debtor and creditor as far away
as ever from everyone's ultimate goal, confirmation.    For decades, Alter was
the publisher of a community newspaper, the Baltimore Jewish Times, or the JT,
that was also a valuable family asset. The weekly tabloid was started in 1919 by
David Alter, who ran it for more than 50 years before his grandson, Charles
Buerger, took it over. With the help of editor Gary Rosenblatt, Buerger expanded
both the coverage and size of the publication. In the 1980s, the paper typically
exceeded 200 pages, with a circulation that hovered around 20,000 readers.
Business was so good in the pre-Internet era that in 1989 Buerger launched a
second publication, reaching beyond the JT's Jewish base, the seven-times-a-year
Style magazine, which covers Baltimore home design, fashion, food and regional
travel.  When Buerger died in 1996, his son Andrew took over. The JT was not
just a profitable asset, it had some journalistic chops. Baltimore native Phil
Jacobs, who had edited The Detroit Jewish News, a 40,000 circulation weekly once
owned by Alter, became executive editor of the JT and oversaw an investigative
series on child molestation by member of the rabbinate. These stories, he says,
"needed to be told," in spite of the backlash it stirred in Baltimore's Jewish
community.  "It was very difficult to report on some of the perpetrators because
these were men that were household names and they bar mitzvahed and bat
mitzvahed you, and they married you and they buried your grandparents, and [the
feeling was] how could you report on something that would cast them into a
terrible light?" he says. Jacobs' experience during the controversy became the
subject of a 2010 documentary entitled "Standing Silent."   Jacobs left Alter
last June to become editor of Washington Jewish Week, just as the tabloid was
undergoing a redesign that turned it into a glossy weekly magazine with 50,000
readers that publishes everything from wedding announcements to hard news.  By
then, Alter had been in Chapter 11 a year. The cause: a soured, decades-long
relationship with its printer, H.G. Roebuck, which ended in litigation that left
the company strapped for cash. Alter blamed its April 14, 2010, bankruptcy
filing on an inability to pay a $326,125 judgment awarded to Roebuck by the
Circuit Court for Baltimore County.   Like so much else at Alter, the break with
Roebuck has a long backstory. Roebuck, like Alter, was a family company with
nearly a century of history in Baltimore. Andrew Buerger says his company began
working with Roebuck in the late 1950s. "Before that, my great-grandfather had
the paper printed in Pittsburgh and shipped down by train, so Roebuck was the
first printer in Baltimore that we used, and the relationship was OK for a
number of years," he says.   Buerger became publisher of Alter in 1997, around
the time the company was growing increasingly frustrated with Roebuck's service.
Buerger argues that Roebuck was "light years behind the rest of the industry" in
its technology and the quality of the printing had deteriorated to the point
where advertisers and subscribers complained. Alter shared its concerns with
Roebuck just before the 2008 financial crisis, and in the same year the
publisher attempted to negotiate lower pricing, despite the fact that it had an
exclusive printing contract that didn't expire until April 1, 2011.   "We looked
at the market rate, and we knew we were paying 40% too much for our printing. We
said, 'You're going to put us out of business,'/" says Buerger, who argues that
Alter's relationship with Roebuck was costing the company $250,000 a year.
Calls to Roebuck were not returned, and counsel to the creditor William L.
Hallam of Baltimore-based Rosenberg Martin Greenberg LLP declined comment, but
in court papers, Roebuck said Alter violated a March 1, 2001, exclusive printing
agreement a full two years before it expired. In February 2009, Roebuck sued
Alter, seeking $1.7 million in damages for past-due printing and lost profits.
For his part, Buerger says the contract was the result of little more than an
earlier "vague and unclear" letter between the two companies and that he offered
Roebuck $175,000 for unpaid printing fees and $225,000 more to get out of the
contract. Roebuck refused.  A judge in Maryland circuit court entered a final
judgment against Alter on April 8, 2010. Alter then filed for Chapter 11 in the
bankruptcy court six days later. From the start of the case, the printer battled
with Alter, objecting to everything from the request to use cash collateral to
paying critical vendors, including its new printer.   On Oct. 14, 2010, Roebuck
filed a motion to terminate Alter's exclusivity period, which barred other
parties from submitting competing reorganization plans. Four days later, Roebuck
submitted its first objection to Alter's confirmation plan.  Roebuck argued in
court papers that the debtor's plan, which had the Buerger family retaining at
least 85% in Alter equity, violated the absolute priority rule, a requirement
for plan confirmation in bankruptcy court. (Andrew Buerger holds a 16.86% equity
interest in the company, and his mother, Ronnie Buerger, 44.29%, while the
estate of sister Jodi Buerger, as well as siblings Kevin Buerger, Danielle
Bunting and Lauren Buerger Holub each have 9.71% stakes.) Under the absolute
priority rule, all creditor classes must either accept the plan or be
unimpaired, meaning they do not get to vote and are deemed to have accepted the
plan. If a creditor class does object, the plan may still be confirmed through a
"cramdown," which requires that the plan "does not discriminate unfairly, and is
fair and equitable." A plan can be considered fair and equitable only if claims
are paid in full or if the plan complies with the rule, which says "the holder
of any claim or interest that is junior to the claims of such class will not
receive or retain under the plan on account of such junior claim or interest any
property."   That's where Alter got into trouble. Under Alter's original plan,
if the Buerger family did not retain all the equity in the reorganized company,
then $42,000 of unpaid principal and accrued interest on Buerger's unsecured
claim related to an earlier loan to Alter would be immediately due and payable.
Under the plan, which would be funded by Alter's cash flow, Roebuck would have
received 85% of Alter's profits after expenses from 2011 to 2015.   But Roebuck
argued that the price placed on the aggregate value of Alter's equity, $14,000,
had not been tested in the market and gave the Buerger family an unfair edge. If
unsecured creditors decided to buy the 15% equity interest available under the
plan, the immediate payment of Buerger's claim would drastically reduce the
recovery.  Despite Roebuck's protestations, on Dec. 1, 2010, Judge James
Schneider of the Maryland bankruptcy court dismissed the creditor's request to
end exclusivity and confirmed Alter's plan two weeks later on Dec. 15, 2010.
THEN the fight got serious. Incensed by Schneider's decision, Roebuck took its
case to a different judicial arena. Two days after the decision, Roebuck
appealed Alter's right to exclusivity in Maryland district court, and then, on
Dec. 30, appealed the confirmation decision itself, claiming that it violated
absolute priority.   After six months of arguments, Bennett reversed the
bankruptcy court's decision. In his opinion, he said Alter had failed to
accurately test the market for the equity. The judge said that placing fewer
than 10 advertisements in local publications from Dec. 1, 2010, the date of the
exclusivity hearing, to Dec. 15, the date of the confirmation hearing, did not
constitute proper market testing, especially since no competing plans could be
submitted to the court. The judge called the ads far too "bare bones" and
"cryptic." Most of the ads contained only this text: "Weekly publication
[incentive stock option] buyers/investors," alongside a Maryland phone number.
For its part, Alter contends that it did reach out to a targeted group of
potential investors, mainly those involved in other Jewish publications, before
filing the plan, but that none of them showed any interest.  "What [Alter's]
case does is emphasize the importance of market testing," K&L Gates' Culver
says. Culver served as counsel to creditor Sprint Nextel Corp. during DBSD North
America Inc.'s massive 2009 bankruptcy. It was Sprint's complaint and assertion
that DBSD violated another aspect of the absolute priority rule, which
eventually led to confirmation in that case to be reversed by the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the 2nd Circuit in December 2010. "It's the importance of making
sure that when existing equity holders are buying interest, the price being used
is correct," says Culver. "It's a fairness issue."  Squire echoes Culver's
assessment, pointing out that it's "pretty standard" for confirmation to be
reversed when it looks like shareholders have "tried to sell themselves shares
of the company on the cheap." He adds: "It becomes a question of, 'Are they
getting a sweetheart deal?'/"   Once Bennett determined that the Buergers were
in fact getting an excessively favorable deal under the original plan, Alter and
Roebuck went back to duking it out in bankruptcy court.   Buerger says that the
fight has been draining for everyone, particularly Alter employees. Alter
slashed a third of its workforce when the recession began in 2008, has not given
raises to its 40 remaining employees and had to implement furloughs for the
third time in February, he says.  "That's the frustrating part about this,"
Buerger says. "These are hardworking, dedicated, talented people. &hellip; They
want to be here because they believe in what we're trying to do. They're just
trying to do their jobs. It's very distracting, and it's very hard to
concentrate on the task at hand with all the madness going on."  An Alter
manager, Linda Yurche, describes the company's staff as fiercely loyal - at
least 30 employees have attended bankruptcy hearings.   For a short time late
last year, it seemed that Alter and Roebuck might resolve their differences.
Exasperated by the infighting, Schneider on Sept. 28 ordered the two to work
better together - or else. He set an Oct. 21 deadline for them to file a joint
reorganization plan, and said he would consider the appointment of a Chapter 11
trustee. Just after the judge's order, Yurche says Alter was "optimistic" the
pair would reach a mutual agreement.   Schneider then extended the deadline
twice, first to Nov. 25 and then to Dec. 31 at the request of Alter.   Buerger
says Schneider admonished both companies, telling Alter to give up on a $1
million recovery and majority control and saying that Roebuck should receive a
fixed amount of money, not a share of profits, and that claims stemming from
shareholder loans of $42,000 and $181,000 owed to Andrew and Ronnie Buerger,
respectively, should not be paid until other unsecured claims were fully
satisfied.  During negotiations, Buerger says the company offered Roebuck
$400,000 over a five-year period, which the printer countered with a $700,000
figure. Buerger says Alter made a final offer of $525,000 over six years, and
after 10 days Roebuck came back demanding $1 million. "There was no gap,"
Buerger says. "We weren't monkeying around with our offers. We offered them
every penny we could offer to continue running the business."  The creditor,
however, told a different story in a motion requesting the appointment of a
trustee. Roebuck alleged that Alter agreed to meet only once to discuss the
possibilities of filing a joint plan, and on condition that minority shareholder
Charles Roebuck III participate as the printer's only representative.  Squire
terms Roebuck's request for a trustee as "aggressive."   "When a creditor filed
a motion seeking a trustee, [the creditor] is saying, 'We think management is
not just incompetent, but dishonest or corrupt in some way.' &hellip; That does
suggest that this has become rancorous," he says.   The printer alleged that at
a Sept. 28 meeting Alter proposed a plan under which all unsecured creditors,
not just Roebuck, would be paid $521,000 over a six-year period. Roebuck
suggested that the debtor should pay $600,000 to $700,000 to satisfy its claim.
After Charles discussed the proposal with his father and brother, Roebuck
decided that even its own proposal was unreasonably favorable to Alter. Roebuck
contended that since Alter had closed its Chesapeake Life magazine last year, it
could use those savings to fund recoveries.   Roebuck then proposed a joint plan
under which unsecured creditors would be paid $1 million over six years. The
creditor also said it would consider plans under which unsecureds would receive
less than $1 million, if they also received stock in the reorganized debtor.  In
court papers, Roebuck said that "consistent with the theme of casting [the
printer] as the unreasonable villain," Alter had accused the company of
negotiating in bad faith.  The two companies were unable to come to an
agreement, and Alter and Roebuck blew through all three deadlines without a
plan. The companies have now each submitted plans of their own.  In a three-day
bloc ending March 14, Judge Nancy Alquist of the Maryland bankruptcy court will
decide between the two plans as well as rule on Roebuck's trustee motion.
(Sources say the case was reassigned to Alquist after Schneider fell ill.)
Regardless of the outcome, it's unclear if there will be a real winner when the
mudslinging is over. Buerger says Roebuck has now spent over $650,000 in legal
fees, double the amount it was originally awarded in its 2009 judgment.  Roebuck
has also said in court papers it has missed out on $1.44 million in lost profits
due to the termination of its Alter contract. Alter, according to Buerger, is
operating with the "bare minimum."  "This is very personal. ... There's no
rationale behind it," Buerger says. "[Roebuck] is hurting any investment that
we're trying to make for the future. I'm always looking in the mirror and
asking, 'How can I improve? What mistakes did I make?' But the bottom line is we
cannot give these guys a lot of money. There's no gold in our backyard. The
recession and the industry have too many challenges to write them a big check."
Meanwhile, another Baltimorean, Scott Rifkin, stepped up in December to lead a
group of investors willing to put up $600,000 to fund a plan to get Alter out of
bankruptcy for good. Rifkin, a physician turned entrepreneur, declined to
provide any additional details about the investor group.  Under the debtor's
latest plan, proposed Dec. 30, the group would retain 80% of the equity
interests in the reorganized company. The Buerger family would hold the
remaining 20%, and Buerger would remain publisher.  Buerger says his family is
"obviously upset" at losing control of Alter, but adds, "I'm happy for our
employees, our community, our publication, that [the JT] will go on."  Alter's
new plan also contains provisions stating that while Buerger will remain in
charge, the investor group will make final editorial decisions. According to
Rifkin, the group decided to approach Alter after seeing the company struggle
financially and battle with Roebuck in public. "We saw they were having this
problem, and we reached out to them. This has been going on forever," he says.
"You have a lot of emotion built into this, particularly from [Roebuck], and it
just struck us that if it went on as long as we thought it could go on, it would
get to the point where [the JT] wouldn't be able to go on."  Rifkin, who owns
Baltimore sports monthly Press Box magazine and PressBoxOnline.com, says that if
the court does opt for Alter's plan, the group is confident it can make the
publisher more profitable. (In its most recent monthly operating report, for
December 2011, Alter reported a $31,760 profit, court papers said.)  The
investors plan to keep the current editorial staff in place and bring in
"outside expertise" in advertising and marketing to boost margins, Rifkin says.
On Feb. 22 Roebuck submitted a plan of its own that would have all of Alter's
equity go to a Roebuck-affiliated shareholder in exchange for an $800,000
investment from WJW Group LLC, the publisher of Washington Jewish Week, edited
by Jacobs. Under the plan, a person designated by WJW would serve as the JT's
publisher.  Roebuck would receive a 17% recovery on its judgment amount. The
printer also contends it is owed $1.44 million in lost profits related to the
judgment, of which it would receive a 17% recovery.   Charles Roebuck III and
Richard Roebuck would each serve as Alter vice presidents, while Charles Roebuck
Jr. would become secretary and treasurer. Craig Burke, chief operating officer
atWashington Jewish Week, would serve as president.  In an e-mailed statement,
Burke says Roebuck approached the Washington paper about partnering.  Though it
remains uncertain who will end up in control of Alter, it's clear that the
struggle will leave both sides hurting. "This is all just the unfortunate nature
of the litigious people we're dealing with. They've created a no-win situation
for anybody," says Buerger.   "This just seems like one of those cantankerous
cases that comes along every once in a while," bankruptcy attorney Sher says.
"The parties in this case had been fighting for at least a year before the
bankruptcy, and they seem incapable of reaching any compromise."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday

Senior helps key big Alter win over St. X;
J.J. Laumann scored 25 in the school's rare victory over the big GCL South
school.

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-10

LENGTH: 594 words


KETTERING - Basketball is what really counts among the Laumanns.

Jeff "J.J." Laumann will always be able hold it over his older brothers, Mark
and Eric, that he played on Alter High School's 2006 state Division III
runner-up football team.

"Getting to the state championship game and the whole football season was great
and something I'll obviously never forget," J.J. Laumann said. "But Mark and
Eric were both on basketball teams that made it to the state championship game.
They make sure I don't forget it when the family gets together.

"So there's a little personal pressure there. I'd love to be on a state
championship basketball team so I don't have to listen to them."

The basketball teams of which Laumann was a part as a sophomore and junior were
far from state-tournament caliber.

This year's Alter team, however, appears capable of getting to state. Going into
this week, the Knights were 11-1 and the No. 7 ranked Division II team in the
state.

There stock took a big jump on Friday, with a 57-55 win at Cincinnati St.
Xavier.

That victory is significant because it is the first time in five years that
Alter, a member of the Greater Catholic League North Division, has won a game
vs. one the GCL South schools: Cincinnati's St. X, Moeller, Elder and La Salle.

St. X was 11-2 before the loss and the No. 9 Division I team in the state.

Laumann, the Neighbors Athlete of the Week, played a huge role in the win with a
career-high 25 points.

The 6-foot senior guard had eight points in the first quarter, all off steals,
as Alter took a 14-11 lead it would never surrender.

St. X tied the game at 49-all, late in the fourth quarter, but Laumann hit a
basket to keep his team ahead and then hit two insurance free throws with 22
seconds left to make it 57-53.

On Jan. 13, Laumann had 11 of his 17 points in the fourth quarter as Alter
outscored Wayne, 18-2, in the final eight minutes of a 55-48 win.

"I feel like my shot is finally coming around," said Laumann, who was a
defensive back on Alter's 14-1 football team that lost to Steubenville, 34-33,
in the state finals.

"My first game back from football, I scored 19, but my form was way off.

"Along with getting to state this year in basketball, one of my goals was to
beat one of the GCL South big schools in Cincinnati. As long as I've been in
school we've never done it. I don't even think the basketball teams my brothers
were on ever beat one of the big schools in Cincinnati."

Mark Laumann was a starting guard on the 2001 Alter team that won DII state
title defeating Warrensville Heights in the title game, 62-48.

Eric Laumann, now a senior at the University of Notre Dame, had 11 points in the
state title game Alter lost to LeBron James and Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary,
40-36.

"Just walking into the arena at Ohio State and the state tournament atmosphere
was amazing when my brothers were playing," J.J. Laumann said. "We'd all love be
part of that. It's going to be tough because Dunbar and Tipp (Tippecanoe) are
both pretty good again this year.

"Winning at St. X. though, it was big. They came at us, but we didn't lose our
poise.

"It's the first time we've really been in a big pressure situation this season
and we found a way to win."

Athlete of the Week Name: Jeff 'J.J.' Laumann School: Alter High School senior
Sport: Basketball Claim to Fame: The 6-foot guard scored a season-high 25 points
and had

four key first-quarter steals as Alter won at Cincinnati St. Xavier on

Jan. 19; it was Alter's first win at St. X since 1996-97 season. Stats: Averages
11.8 points, 2.3 steals per game Home: Centerville

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: J.J. Laumann is a senior point guard averaging 11.8 points per game for
the Alter High School boys basketball team. Staff photo by Lisa Powell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

5-hour round of golf? Not in this event;
Tom Alter and Andrew Gall win speed golf event at Selva Marina

BYLINE: Phillip Heilman

SECTION: Pg. C-9

LENGTH: 315 words


Sometimes all it takes to form a friendship is a handful of clubs.

Tom Alter and Andrew Gall had never met before teeing off together on the first
hole of the Big Brothers Big Sisters Speedgolf Classic at Selva Marina Country
Club on Saturday morning.

But the two quickly found they share something in common: Each works for the PGA
Tour. Alter, 51, is the vice president of communications for the Tour. Gall, 25,
is a sales planner for PGA Tour Digital while pursuing an MBA at the University
of Florida.

The two are also plenty capable golfers, evident by them teaming to win the
event. With a combined score of 86 on the front nine - Alter shot a 41 and Gall
carded a 45 - the two finished in 32 minutes and 41 seconds. Their score of
118.41 - determined by adding total strokes and time of play - was enough to top
a field of 11 twosomes.

"Andrew's a fast runner, and that kept me motivated," Alter said. "I assumed it
was our golf that would carry us to the win, but it was actually our legs that
did it."

Speed golf is not much different from traditional golf. The main difference is
the time element that affects scoring. Players generally carry four to six clubs
and race from shot to shot.

Former Gators kicker Jeff Chandler and his partner, Frank Surface, finished just
behind the winners with a score of 124.15. Attempting a new style of play for
the first time, Chandler was pleased with his effort.

"Dealing with your hands being wet and your shirt being soaked while you're
trying to play clubs from distances you normally wouldn't was the biggest
adjustment," he said. "But I still had a good time."

The winning pair vowed to return as well to defend their title. In the mean
time, they plan on making the most of a new friendship.

"We will be playing golf in the near future," Gall said.

"Somewhere where it will take us four hours to play," Alter added.

Phillip Heilman: (904) 359-4146

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Phillip.Heilman@jacksonville.com Andrew Gall (left) and Tom Alter teamed to win
the Big Brothers Big Sisters Speedgolf Classic at Selva Marina Country Club on
Saturday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     OCTOBER 27, 2003 Monday CITY-D EDITION

Zen of tennis means as much as the win;
Advanta's Dennis Alter, who is 61, finds it tunes his
reflexes and sharpens his mind. He also likes to win.

BYLINE: Art Carey

SECTION: FEATURES HEALTH & SCIENCE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 893 words


When Dennis Alter harvests the platinum memories of his life, this one will make
the cut:

It's about 15 years ago, near midnight on a Friday at Penn's Levy Pavilion.
Alter has been battling on the tennis court with his equally fierce and
determined opponent, Wally Phillips, a former U.S. prosecutor.

It's a quarterfinal match in an amateur tournament for men over 45. Alter has
let his game slide because of the press of business. This is his first taste of
competition since embracing his lifelong passion with fresh ardor.

Both men are giving it their all, swatting line-drive cross-courts, scrambling
for devilish drop shots, serving with cathartic ferocity. After nearly three
hours, their racket arms are leaden, their legs aflame with lactic acid.

Finally, Alter hits a cross-court slice that bounces low. Phillips dives and
slams it into the net. Alter wins the third set, 7-5, and takes the match.

He does not puff up with triumph. Instead, exhausted and exhilarated, he
exclaims, "What a great match!"

Make no mistake, Alter likes to win. He's as competitive as they come. But the
reason the game has such a grip on his soul is that he appreciates the Zen of
tennis as much as the sweet satisfaction of smashing a lob down an opponent's
figurative throat.

"It's very clean and simple," he says. "It's a matter of getting one more ball
back than your opponent. It's physically and mentally demanding, engaging all
the faculties. It takes sharp reflexes and canny strategy. It's chess on your
feet, chess on the run.

"In a world of ambiguity and relativism, there's the absolute clarity of the
court. The lines define not only the field of play, they also define character.
If you want to know what someone is really made of, get into a tough match with
them.

"Tennis teaches how to win with dignity and lose with dignity. It teaches
patience, concentration and the virtue of being there, alive in the moment. In
the third set, in the third hour, when the sun's beating down, be there and good
things happen."

As chief exec of Advanta (credit cards, small-business services), Alter has put
his bucks where his heart is. Tennis Dennis and Advanta have brought big
tourneys to town (e.g., the Advanta Championships, today through Sunday at the
Villanova University Pavilion), as well as the game's top stars. They sponsor
the Philadelphia Freedoms and two other World Team Tennis squads, and an annual
wheelchair tournament at Penn.

The checks Alter writes most willingly go to Arthur Ashe Youth Tennis and
Education, an organization that shares the lessons of tennis with 8,000 city
kids. This year, through "Ready, Set, Racquet," Advanta will give away 20,000
junior rackets to kids who participate in youth tennis activities or show up for
Advanta-backed matches and championships.

Advanta defines a kid as someone under 12. Too bad; I could use a new racket.
The other day, I biked over to Alter's pastoral estate in Fort Washington toting
my trusty Pancho Gonzales special (souvenir of the days when I was a ballboy at
the lawn tennis championships at the Merion Cricket Club, shagging errant shots
by the likes of Stan Smith and Clark Graebner).

Compared with Alter's high-tech butterfly catcher, my wooden antique looked as
puny as a squash racket. Nevertheless, that (and a broken string) didn't deter
me from hitting a few with Alter on his indoor Har-Tru court. I figured I'd tune
him up for a forthcoming over-60 national tournament in Atlanta (Alter lost to a
former Davis Cupper in the first round but won four matches in the backdraw,
making it to the semifinals).

We rallied for about 10 minutes. Alter moved with quickness and agility that
belied his age (61). He smacked the ball crisply and directed shots at will. I
asked him to serve a few; the balls whizzed by, fizzing with spin.

Alter learned tennis by swatting balls at Sturgis Playground in East Oak Lane.
His family was too poor to afford tennis lessons. At Olney High, he captained
the tennis team, and he played on the varsity at Temple.

Alter is the son of teachers and was a teacher himself for three years (English,
Ben Franklin High). He retains a thoughtful, pedagogical manner and a congenital
compulsion to improve the next generation. The motive behind giving out rackets:
to hook kids on fitness.

The father of four, Alter is concerned about rising obesity among the young and
an alarming lack of aerobic capacity.

"I hope a lot of kids will pick up a racket and pick up the game," he says. "I
hope they'll hit a ball against the wall and run around and get into a life of
physical activity."

Besides playing tennis several times a week, Alter conditions his body with
resistance training (machines, free weights, elastic bands). His wife, Gisela,
is equally devoted. Her idea of fun: three successive 45-minute sessions on a
stair climber at level 10, the highest.

Tennis, Alter says, is terrific exercise - at any age. People can and do play in
their 70s, 80s and 90s. According to a recent study, the better you play when
you're young the more likely you are to continue in later years - and the lower
your risk of heart disease.

"Play!" Alter exhorts. "At whatever level, you'll love it!"

"Body Language" appears Mondays in The Inquirer. Contact staff writer Art Carey
at 215-854-4588 or acarey@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Body Language

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
Dennis Alter gives to tennis programs for children.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 April 6, 2012

SECTION: News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 979 words


The Baltimore Jewish Times has broken stories  about Orthodox sex abuse and once
was a finalist  for the Pulitzer Prize. It has been the seat of  high-profile
editors such as Gary Rosenblatt and  Phil Jacobs, now of The New York Jewish
Week  and Washington Jewish Week, respectively, and  at its height published
200-page issues. But today,  the newspaper, family owned since its inception  93
years ago, is bankrupt and slated to be sold  at an April 2 auction.

There have already been two bids: one for  $378,000 from Washington Jewish Week,
now  edited by Jacobs, and another for $440,000 from  a newly established
publishing group set up by  a physician in Owings Mills, Md. The Buerger
family, which has owned the paper for nearly  a century, will apparently leave
the business.  And a new owner is likely to mean a new editorial  direction.

I don't believe we are going to miss an issue,  said Neil Rubin, who has edited
the newspaper  since June 2011. We will continue to print. We  are all relieved.
We were worried about health  care and unemployment. I don't think we need  to
worry now.

The Baltimore Jewish Times' troubles come at  a particularly difficult time for
Jewish newspapers.  The Jewish State, in New Jersey, folded in  2010, and
earlier this year, the Jewish Review, of  Portland, Ore., published its final
edition. Many  other Jewish community publications have lost  advertising
dollars and have contracted.

But the Jewish Times' troubles have been more  contentious.

Its parent company, Alter Communications, had  a contract, dating back to the
late 1950s, with the  Baltimore printer H. G. Roebuck & Son. According  to the
paper's publisher, Andrew Buerger  great-grandson  of the original owner  the
relationship  soured in 2008, when, Buerger says, he tried to  negotiate a lower
price because he was unhappy

with the quality of the printing.  Roebuck refused.

The contract did not expire until  April 1, 2011.

Alter broke the contract unilaterally  in February 2009, according to  court
papers; Roebuck sued  and  won. But Alter, lacking the funds  to pay the
$326,125 judgment, was  forced into bankruptcy.

Roebuck's lawyers filed motion  after motion, appeal after appeal.

I don't know what they hoped  to accomplish, Buerger said. To  get our family
out of the business?  Whoopee!

Calls to Roebuck were not  returned.

The legal battle and bankruptcy  filing are a sad turn for the venerable
newspaper, where, full disclosure,  I worked as a part-time  reporter in 2007.
Unlike many  Jewish community newspapers,  which are owned and run by their
local Jewish federations, the Jewish  Times is editorially independent. It
could  and often did  go after  the establishment.

The Jewish Times was founded  by David Alter in 1919 as a weekly  tabloid. Alter
ran it for half a century,  and when he died, in 1972,  his grandson, Charles
Buerger, took  over and shortly thereafter hired  Gary Rosenblatt as its editor.

It was a sleepy paper, mainly  ads and organization events,  Rosenblatt told the
Forward.

But Buerger thought it could be  better than that, and so he poured  his
substantial profits back into the  paper. He wanted a real newspaper,
Rosenblatt said.

Under Rosenblatt's leadership, the  Jewish Times was a Jewish paper  that often
forgot it was a Jewish  paper, and [therefore it] did not  cater to the narrow
and parochial  interests of the Jewish community,  said author Arthur Magida,
who was senior editor of the paper  (between 1982 and 1995).

A 1984 story by Rosenblatt that  questioned the tax status of the  Simon
Wiesenthal Center was one  of two finalists for a Pulitzer Prize.

During that time, the newspaper  was fat with advertisements,  often running as
many as 200 pages;  it maintained a circulation of  20,000, making it the
largest weekly  newspaper in Maryland. During  the 1980s it was widely
considered  the best Jewish newspaper in  America.

The owners bought Jewish community  papers in Atlanta and  Detroit, with
Rosenblatt acting as  editor from Baltimore. They later  added newspapers in
Palm Beach,  Fla., with an edition in Boca  Raton and in Vancouver, British
Columbia.

Rosenblatt left for New York in  1993. Buerger died three years later,  and the
publication was taken  over by his son, Andrew. The new  publisher sold off the
newspapers  outside Baltimore but continued  to nurture the local property. He
created a glossy local magazine,  Baltimore Style, and then the more  regional
Chesapeake Life, the latter  folding as Alter's legal battle  erupted.

The average issue is now about 70  pages, and its circulation is down to  8,000.
Rubin said no one has counted  clicks on the website for more  than a year.

The Baltimore Jewish community  is among the oldest in America,  with several
synagogues dating  back to before the Civil War.

Today, the area's Jewish population  numbers about 93,000, according  to The
Associated, Jewish  Community Federation; about one-third  of the city's Jewish
population  identifies as Orthodox, compared  with 13% nationally. A substantial
portion of those are ultra-Orthodox  who are drawn to the prominent  Haredi
institution Yeshivas Ner  Yisroel.

The area's burgeoning Orthodox  population has driven down the  circulation
because the Orthodox  community often rejects the newspaper,  which accepts ads
for nonkosher  restaurants and publishes  material that some deem offensive,
such as stories about women  rabbis.

In 2007, Jacobs, who replaced  Rosenblatt, published an exposé  on sexual
misconduct and pederasty  in the Orthodox rabbinate, which  did nothing to close
the gap. And  an attempt by the Jewish Times to  produce an edition expressly
for the  Orthodox community failed.

Rubin said the relationship needs  work.

For the paper's 40 employees, the  roller-coaster ride has been a horror.
Health insurance payments  will keep the employees covered  through April.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Noted:Former Jewish Timeseditor Gary Rosenblatt nowhelms New
York Jewish Week.; COURTESY OF NEW YORK JEWISH WEEK

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Springfield will face unbeaten Moeller;
Wildcats, who have won nine in row, play Fairmont first.;
HIGH SCHOOLS BOYS BASKETBALL

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 624 words


Springfield will be looking to do what Alter couldn't last week: beat undefeated
and top-ranked Cincinnati Moeller.

Alter fell 60-46 to Moeller in the 8th Annual Kevin C. Barnhill Coaches Showcase
at Little Miami High School in Morrow last Saturday.

The matchup of Greater Catholic League boys high school basketball powers was
part of a fundraiser for a memorial scholarship and Community Outreach Fund for
greater Warren County.

Springfield (10-1) hosts Fairmont (7-6) today, and then travels to Moeller
(13-0) on Saturday night. Wildcats coach Isaiah Carson's team is on a nine-game
winning streak, which includes wins over Wayne and Northmont. The Crusaders have
been No. 1 in the Division I state poll since its debut two weeks ago. Moeller
coach Carl Kremer surpassed 500 wins last month.

This will be an extension of a great developing series. Moeller defeated
Springfield in a D-I regional semifinal last season. Springfield beat Moeller
twice in 2014-15, including a D-I regional semi.

? Another outstanding showdown Saturday night features Trotwood-Madison (10-1)
hosting neighboring Northmont (11-2) in a Greater Western Ohio Conference
crossover game that will not count toward divisional standings.

The state's top-ranked D-II team, Trotwood suffered its first loss to Prolific
Prep (Calif.) in the Premier Health Flyin' to the Hoop on Monday. Northmont has
lost only to Springfield, 55-52, and Whitehaven (Memphis, Tenn.) in a holiday
tourney.

Both GWOC teams also play today - Trotwood at Troy and Piqua at Northmont.
Trotwood should be a No. 1 seed in D-II. Springfield, Wayne and Northmont should
be the top seeds in a 21-team D-I Dayton open draw that will be divided into
three brackets.

? Chaminade Julienne (9-4) will host Alter (10-2) in a Greater Catholic League
Co-Ed North Division showdown today. The game obviously could draw more
spectators than what will be limited at CJ's reconditioned but retro (small)
venue. Eagles coach Joe Staley said administrators are adamant in showcasing the
downtown campus to parents and potential students.

The teams will play again in the regular-season finale at Fairmont's Trent
Arena, which is Alter's home game. Carroll gave up its home-court advantage to
CJ last week, losing 55-53 in OT at the Nutter Center.

? Akron St. Vincent-St. Marys veteran coach Dru Joyce had some choice comments
about area basketball that are worth repeating.

"I've always said that basketball in southwest Ohio is much more mature than
basketball in northeast Ohio," he said during Flyin'. "Let's just say you guys
understand the game and they play harder down here. You've got more players."

LeBron James' alma mater was roasted 100-61 at Trot-wood-Madison last Saturday,
and then rebounded by beating Pickerington North 64-56 in Flyin' on Sunday.

Joyce also saluted this region's large collegiate fan base, referencing Dayton,
Xavier and Cincinnati.

"Look at your college situation," he said. "We can't fill out Akron, Cleveland
State or Kent State and you've got three down here that have attendance
capacities. Basketball is a more mature sport here."

? The Ohio High School Athletic Association has designated Friday as a statewide
OHSAA Military Appreciation Night. The association has encouraged schools to
honor active and veteran U.S. Armed Forces members at athletic contests.

? Mandatory basketball coaches' meetings for the postseason are Sunday, Feb. 5
for the girls and Sunday, Feb. 12 for boys. Voting is done online prior to those
meetings. The girls sectional is Feb. 13-25 and the boys sectional Feb. 20-March
4. The basketball postseason progression is sectional, district, regional and
state final four.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2381 or email Marc.

Pendleton@coxinc.com

Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Changing times, situations alter attitudes about labor

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 505 words


Sept. 06--The American organized labor movement was one of the strikingly
powerful influences in the U.S. workplace in the late 19th century and into the
second half of the 20th century, but employees and workplace situations have
changed labor's role and size.

Business Editor Dennis Seid wrote insightfully in Monday's edition about
Mississippi's low union membership (5.4 percent and only slightly higher (6.8
percent) portion of employees working under union contracts.

Mississippi is one of 26 right-to-work states. A right-to-work state has laws
that allow employees the right to work without being required or compelled to
join a union, even in union-represented plants and businesses.

Even in Northeast Mississippi, where manufacturing -- the traditional recruiting
ground for union membership -- makes up more than a quarter of the employment,
participation remains low, Seid reported.

In Lee County only two companies are union shops.

Philips -- formerly Day-Brite -- was one of the first post-World War II
companies to build a plant in Tupelo, and it came in with a unionized workforce
in order to secure lighting contracts with cities in Northeast U.S. where union
membership is traditionally high.

The other is FXI, which has a foam-making plant in Baldwyn as well as Tupelo.
Together, the two companies employ about 700 people.

And it should be noted that Cooper in 2014 agreed to invest $140 million in the
Tupelo plant over 10 years after receiving some $38 million in state and local
incentives.

No unionizing attempt has been made by workers at the 2,000-employee Toyota
plant in Blue Springs. Unions nationwide had indicated attempts would be made to
unioinize automotive plants being built in the South.

Last year, 30 states and the District of Columbia had union membership rates
below that of the U.S. average, 11.1 percent, and 20 states had rates above it.

Mississippi's union membership rate is low, but five states had union membership
rates below 5 percent in 2015: South Carolina (2.1 percent), North Carolina (3
percent), Utah (3.9 percent), Georgia (4 percent) and Texas (4.5 percent). Two
states had union membership rates over 20 percent in 2015: New York (24.7
percent) and Hawaii (20.4 percent).

Roughly half of the 14.8 million union members in the U.S. lived in just seven
states (California, 2.5 million; New York, 2 million; Illinois, 800,000;
Pennsylvania, 700,000; and Michigan, Ohio, and New Jersey, 600,000 each), though
these states accounted for only about one-third of wage and salary employment
nationally.

The maturing of the American workplace generally, including changing attitudes
by the owners and executives of many in businesses, also has influenced
attitudes.

Cooperation rather than confrontation, and working for mutual benefit, can make
unions less attractive and give workers more independence.

___ (c)2016 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160906-TP-EDITORIAL-Changing-times-situations-alter
-attitudes-about-labor-0906-20160906

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2016 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 5, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

LONG ISLAND OPINION;
Suffolk Needs More Than 'Beavis'

BYLINE: By JOY ALTER HUBEL;  Joy Alter Hubel lives in Port Jefferson.

SECTION: Section 13LI; Page 13; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 892 words


THE other day, while casting about for something entertaining to do in Suffolk
County, I turned to the newspaper's movie listings.

What I discovered was deeply depressing: Residents of the eastern half of Long
Island, who, on average, live just 50 miles from the world's cultural capital,
had the choice between just two basic moviegoing options this past holiday
season: the adventures of 101 untalented Dalmatians, or the foibles of two randy
cartoon teens named Beavis and Butthead.

I don't pretend to understand the complex workings of the film distribution
industry. I am, after all, only a humble moviegoer. But I don't need a course in
film marketing to see that something isn't adding up.

We, in Suffolk County, have a higher concentration of junkie movies than any one
region deserves. And if you think I'm exaggerating, stand by for the following
movie clock analysis. Nassau had twice the number of theaters showing "The
English Patient" or "The Crucible" as did Suffolk. Of 26 Suffolk-area theaters
advertising in The Times movie clock last Friday, 14 were screening Beavis and
Butthead. By contrast, of the 56 Manhattan movie theaters that advertised in The
Times, only 9 theaters boasted showings of this animated marvel.

This demonstrates that the closer to the city one gets, the weaker is the per
capita Beavis influence. Suffolk County, on the other hand, is starting to look
like the Beavis and Butthead capital of New York State.

Call me a doe-eyed optimist, but I don't believe that the majority of us living
out here on the eastern half of Long Island cares for this distinction. Suffolk
residents are, after all, a diverse population. We are lawyers, firefighters,
doctors, teachers and construction workers. As such, we are entitled to movie
options that are at least more diverse than the Stallone, Schwarzenegger and
Disney fare we are overdosing on. Certainly, if we are smart enough to maintain
jobs and pay our taxes, we must be smart enough to enjoy a critically-acclaimed
movie -- at least once in a while.

Some theater owners, however, claim that the reason there is nothing worth
seeing in Suffolk is because there is nothing worth seeing, period.  To be fair,
these theater owners have a point. Much of the so-called holiday celluloid that
came our way this past season looked more like flip books from product
catalogues or magazine centerfolds than movies. It's hard to find commercial
releases worth viewing these days, particularly if you live in Juneau, Alaska.
But Suffolk is a far cry from Juneau.  If there's one thing New York City
suburban communities do have is access to cinematic variety. One only has to
crack open the arts and leisure section of The Times to see film makers like
Woody Allen, Mike Leigh and Kenneth Branagh strut their stuff.

In the city, Golden Globe and Oscar-caliber films are being paraded about this
season, specifically for the purpose of maximizing their award-winning, and
hence, commercial potential. But why is this seasonal parade of arts and culture
bypassing Suffolk County? Why are we left to drown in the cinematic juvenilia of
"Space Jam," Dalmatians, and Beavis? Even the so-called adult offerings out here
are enough to make a grown woman cry. Just think! We can watch Sly Stallone
slithering through tunnels in a soaking wet T-shirt in "Daylight"; little green
Martians blowing up the earth in "Mars Attacks"; or a modern-day version of
Barbie and Ken love-birds, played to the comely hilt by Michelle Pfeiffer and
George Clooney, in the film "One Fine Day." I ask you, is this grown-up
entertainment?

What makes this all so much harder to take is that just a few miles down the
expressway audiences are being treated to Arthur Miller, Jane Austen and Meryl
Streep. One doesn't have to be an urban elitist to balk at the cinematic paucity
of this particular suburban community. In fact, where it comes to the arts, I'm
a generalist myself, believing, as I do, that there is room in this great
cultural smorgasbord of ours to offer both Shakespeare and Schwarzenegger. I am
the first to defend anyone's right to serve up characters like Beavis and
Butthead for mass consumption. We all crave something low-brow to nibble on once
in a while.  Who among us isn't occasionally tempted to sneak a peak at an
afternoon soap opera or rent an early Sharon Stone video? We all need the
cinematic equivalent of a Hostess Twinkie or Dunkin' Donut in our diet, which we
are entitled to consume, on the sly, when everyone else is asleep.  But couldn't
we also put some hearty fare on the movie-going menu? How about a juicy stew of
history and passion, such as "The English Patient"; or a classic selection, like
"Hamlet" or "Twelfth Night"? Isn't anyone in the mood for French or Italian this
month?

The pages of The New York Times are practically dripping with appetizing
offerings. But all we can do, east of Huntington, is sit over our newspaper and
drool. There is a cornucopia of cinematic abundance out there. Couldn't we have
just a tiny sample? Where is the movie theater owner who believes that residents
of Suffolk County are mature, thinking adults who have earned the right to see
mature thought-provoking films? Where is the theater-owning visionary who dreams
of great movies, even good movies, and thinks, "If I screen them, they will
come"?

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday

Kettering park proposal sparks protest;
Resident says fifth tennis court at Ernst Park will benefit Catholic school.

BYLINE: By Jeremy P. Kelley Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 763 words


KETTERING - Some neighbors of Ernst Park are unhappy about plans to modify the
park in 2011 and have distributed fliers to local residents asking for their
support.

Dave Laughlin, who has lived on Carlo Drive just north of the park for 26 years,
objects to the removal of certain trees and says the city's plan to add a fifth
tennis court is wasteful spending for the benefit of neighboring Alter High
School, a Catholic school.

But Kettering city officials say the park plan has been in place since 2006 and
was approved after getting widespread public input in 2009, with Alter only one
of several user groups consulted. The city plans to seek bids for the project
starting in January and hopes to begin construction in July. The park is on
David Road, between Alter and South YMCA.

Laughlin said his neighborhood suffered wind damage years ago before the park's
trees grew to maturity. He says the removal of three large trees near the street
to make room for the tennis court could create a new wind issue.

Five tennis courts?

Kettering City Manager Mark Schwieterman said that while a few trees will be
removed, the project will result in a net addition of close to 80 trees
throughout the park.

"The wind damage claim doesn't make a lot of sense, because there are a number
of large trees in the park, and there are some in that same area (of the tennis
courts) that are not coming down," Schwieterman said. "I find it hard to believe
that that's an issue."

The biggest complaint from Laughlin's group is the cost of adding a fifth tennis
court. Kettering parks director Mary Beth Thaman cited an architect's estimate
that the tennis area - resurfacing four courts and building a fifth court on a
sloped area that will have to be graded - would cost $186,000 including site
work, lighting and fencing.

High school tennis teams play five matches in team competition, so a five-court
complex is ideal. Jeff Plate, Alter's director of institutional advancement,
said when teams come to play Alter on Ernst Park's four courts, sometimes from
Columbus or Cleveland, players may have to wait 60 to 90 minutes for that last
match to end.

Laughlin urged the city to save money by adding a fifth court at Kennedy Park
instead, or resurfacing the five courts behind Kettering Middle School, which he
said could be done for $30,000 or less.

Schwieterman said there is no room for a fifth court at Kennedy, and said the
KMS courts need more work than simple resurfacing, with city estimates starting
at more than $100,000.

Those courts are Kettering City Schools' property, but district business manager
Ken Lackey said the schools likely would be fine with a KMS resurfacing if the
city was willing to pay for it.

Schwieterman didn't rule that out, but said the city would review its options
after seeing contractors' bids for the fifth court at Ernst.

Ernst Park currently has two baseball/ softball diamonds, four tennis courts,
two fields for soccer or other sports, a playground, walking paths and open
green space. City officials say it is used by Alter, the YMCA, the FKAL and CYO
youth sports groups, the Lathrem Senior Center and local residents.

Thaman said other than tennis, the park plan calls for the diamonds to be
reconstructed as smaller softball fields, on areas now used for soccer, in part
because the lower diamond is on YMCA property that will become green space.

The current upper diamond area and the rear of the park will become open field
space that could be used for soccer or other sports. Schwieterman said Alter may
pay to irrigate that area, but he does not believe any areas will be restricted
to permit-only use. Paths and the playground will be upgraded, and parts of the
park will be graded to ease some slope issues.

Funding sources

Thaman said the non-tennis cost of the project has been estimated at $808,000.
Schwieterman said some of that cost would be paid out of voted park bond levy
funds, with the rest coming from the city's annual capital improvement program.

Thaman said the city already has worked with other Ernst Park neighbors on
issues like park access, the location of trees and paths and other topics in
multiple public meetings.

"Is it going to be 100 percent (approval)? It never is. There's going to be a
compromise with almost every project," she said, mentioning other Kettering
parks also going through upgrades. "But we met with people at their house, at
the park, or in our office. That's what we've done for 18 months. If people ask
us a question, we give them an answer."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2278 or jkelley@D aytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ABOVE: Soccer players from Alter High School practice in Ernst Park.
Critics have said plans to add a tennis court at the park are to benefit to
Alter. Staff photo by Ty Greenlees

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 13, 2005 Thursday

Alter to welcome 9 into Hall;
Graduates, coach to be honored Jan. 28 in Kettering

BYLINE: By Helen Bebbington For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: NORTHEAST; Pg. Z5-8

LENGTH: 1022 words


KETTERING - Alter High School alumni being honored this year include a doctor
who flies on humanitarian missions, a priest who serves the poor and a
serviceman who died in the line of duty.

The Alter High School Alumni Hall of Fame will induct nine people, eight
graduates and a former coach, at a ceremony Jan. 28 at the Presidential Banquet
Center in Kettering.

This is the third year for the Alter Hall of Fame, which lauds alumni and others
for contributions to their fields and community service, as well as
distinguished student athletes.

The inductees are:

Dr. Michael Kunesh

Kunesh, a 1978 Alter graduate, attended the University of Notre Dame, where he
earned degrees in biology and theology. He earned a medical degree and did
training in ophthalmology at Ohio State University. His practice specializes in
cataract and glaucoma surgery. The Oakwood resident has been a member of Alter's
education commission and of the St. Leonard's parish council. Kunesh uses his
skills to help others in poor countries. He has visited Malawi in Africa to
perform eye surgeries and to treat blindness and has gone on medical missions to
Honduras, China, Taiwan and Jamaica.

Of late, he has been focusing on helping children orphaned by the AIDS epidemic
in Africa.

Kunesh learned about service at school and has made it part of his life.

"I'm an example of what Alter is about," Kunesh said.

"Alter is about educating not just about facts, but educating about values. One
of the values that they educated me in is the value of service.

"I know a lot of Alter grads; there's thousands of them out there performing
services. I don't think I'm special in that sense."

The Rev. Mark R. Soehner

Soehner, a 1976 graduate, has served the poor in Cincinnati and Detroit, and
once managed the St. Vincent Hotel in Dayton.

Soehner earned a bachelor's degree in English from Mercy College of Detroit in
1980, then joined the Franciscan Friars of the St. John the Baptist Province in
Cincinnati.

In 1987, he completed a master's degree in divinity at Chicago's Catholic
Theological Union and was ordained a priest.

In 1993, he earned a master's degree in pastoral counseling.

Soehner has taught English to immigrants and has provided pastoral counseling to
families at hospitals and to juveniles in detention.

At the University of Cincinnati he coordinated pastoral and sacramental care of
students, faculty and parishioners.

In Dayton, he managed the St. Vincent Hotel.

In Detroit, he founded a shelter that serves 1,900 homeless people a week.

In 2003, he helped found a similar program for the homeless called Oasis
Detroit.

In 1995, Soehner became pastor of St. Aloysius Church in Detroit, where he works
as a counselor and spiritual director.

Later this year, he is expected to become pastor for three inner-city parishes.

Jill Reiling Markey

Markey, class of 1974, earned a bachelor's degree in studio art at the
University of Kentucky, a master's degree in visual art from the University of
Dayton and a doctorate in art education at Ohio State University.

Markey

teaches art at Instructional Technology Services in Columbus and is a member of
the Ohio Alliance for Arts Education.

She served as president of the Ohio Art Education Association for two years.

Markey, who has won numerous awards, has been an exhibiting artist at the
Columbus Cultural Arts Center.

Sgt. Kevin Joseph Lannon

Lannon, who graduated in 1980, was a medic for the U.S. Army Rangers when he was
killed in the line of duty in 1983.

Lannon died while participating in a rescue mission in Grenada.

He and his fellow servicemen were trying to rescue American medical students.

A helicopter he was riding in was hit by small arms fire, killing him. Lannon
received the Bronze Star for his service.

Dr. Julie Schaefer Myers

Myers, who graduated in 1980, played basketball for four years at Alter, earning
three varsity letters. She was named a three-time all-conference and all-area
player. In her senior year she was allarea MVP, district player of the year and
first-team all-state. She also earned varsity letters in volleyball and
softball. Myers was awarded a basketball scholarship to the University of
Dayton, where she earned four varsity letters and more awards. She graduated
from UD in 1984, then earned a medical degree from Ohio University. The
Miamisburg resident practices medicine in Kettering.

Jim Stangle

Stangle, a member of Alter's first graduating class of 1966, was a tackle on
both offense and defense for the Knights' football team. He was co-captain of
the team as a junior and senior. Stangle attended the University of Dayton on an
athletic scholarship. He was a three-year starter as an offensive tackle.
Stangle earned a bachelor's degree from UD in 1970, when he was commissioned as
a second lieutenant in the Army. He later earned a master's degree in business
from UD. Stangle is general manager for Cintas in the Baltimore metro market.

Nancy Janco-Budde

Janco-Budde, a 1974 graduate, earned varsity letters in tennis, track,
basketball and volleyball at Alter.

She played women's tennis at Arizona State University, graduating in 1979.

Janco-Budde was ranked No. 7 in the United States for junior doubles in 1975 and
was firstteam All-American in 1978 for singles.

The Washington Twp. resident won the Montgomery County Women's Open Singles six
times.

From 1980-82, Janco-Budde was the head women's tennis coach at Purdue
University.

She coached the Alter girls tennis team to a state championship in 2001.

Robert Schaefer

Schaefer, who graduated in 1975, earned two varsity letters in basketball and
three for baseball at Alter.

He accepted a basketball scholarship to Wright State University, where he was a
starter all four year s.

He graduated from Wright State in 1979, and he was inducted into Wright State's
Hall of Fame in 1988.

Schaefer, a Miami Twp. resident, has worked at Reynolds & Reynolds for 25 years.

Kathleen Duchak

Duchak founded the girls soccer program at Alter in 1978.

The coach won more than 100 games through 1987.

Duchak met her husband of 39 years, John, at the University of Dayton.

The mother of six children and resident of Washington Twp. died in January 2000.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Kunesh
Mark R. Soehner
Jill Reiling Markey
Kevin Joseph Lannon
Jim Stangle
Nancy Janco-Budde
Julie Schaefer Myers
Kathleen Duchak
Robert Schaefer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     December 12, 1998, Saturday, Edition 1

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


United States
 LAWYERS TO GET $8.2 BILLION
 Attorneys who helped Texas, Mississippi and Florida settle their
 lawsuits against the tobacco industry will receive almost $8.2
 billion (U.S.) in fees, an amount believed to be the largest ever
 awarded in the United States. A divided three-member arbitration
 panel announced yesterday that five private attorneys in Texas
 will receive $3.3 billion. The 11-firm team that worked on the
 Florida case was awarded $3.43 billion, and the 13 Mississippi
 team was awarded $1.43 billion. The lawyers will receive the
 payments over at least 10 years.

 TELEMARKETERS PLEAD GUILTY

 Two Canadian telemarketers admitted Thursday they cheated U.S.
 residents by charging them for fictitious prizes in a scheme the
 organizer said garnered up to $2 million (U.S.). The guilty pleas
 from Jules Alter and Adam Bronson bring to three the number of
 people who have pleaded in the case. U.S. authorities arrested
 Alter in May and described a scheme in which mostly elderly U.S.
 citizens were called, falsely told they had won a sweepstakes or
 other contest and induced to pay a fee by certified cheque.
 DRUNK DRIVER'S SENTENCE ANGERS
 Outraged members of a Canadian family killed by a drunk driver
 are calling the sentence handed him yesterday an insult. ''I'm
 sure he did not intend to kill our family but neither does
 anybody else who drinks and drives and gets behind the wheel,''
 said Brian Sharp, whose sister and four of her relatives died in
 a crash July 1 after Paxton Boyd, 24, of Detroit, hit their car
 with his vehicle. Paxton was sentenced to concurrent terms of 7
 1/2 to 15 years.
 Space

 STATION SEALED
 Astronauts from the space shuttle Endeavour ended their final day
 of work aboard the International Space Station yesterday, closing
 its hatches until another assembly crew arrives in about six
 months. The crew moved quickly through their work list and solved
 problems as they arose. The only mishap was an aluminum rack pin
 that floated away.

 United Kingdom

 HUNGER STRIKER RETURNED TO JAIL

 A British animal rights activist, close to death after more than
 two months on a hunger strike, was returned to prison from
 hospital after consistently refusing medical treatment, the
 hospital said. Barry Horne, who is serving an 18-year sentence
 for firebombings, was moved back to prison late Thursday after
 York District Hospital said he could easily be treated at a
 prison medical centre. Horne is demanding the government set up
 an inquiry into the use of animals in experiments.
 Russia

 PROSECUTOR ABDUCTED

 Assailants have abducted Chechnya's top prosecutor, who was
 investigating the killings of four kidnapped foreigners,
 officials said yesterday. Mansur Tagirov vanished Thursday night
 while returning to Chechnya's capital city Grozny from a small
 village nearby, news reports said. Tagirov was investigating the
 deaths of four foreigners whose severed heads were found Tuesday
 lined up by a roadside in the breakaway republic.
 Bosnia

 U.N. MONITORS PULLED OUT

 United Nations police monitors were evacuated from a
 Croat-controlled town in southeastern Bosnia after a hostile
 crowd stormed into the local police station and assaulted them,
 the world body said yesterday. The police chief of the town of
 Stolac resigned following Thursday's incident, which occurred
 after contraband weapons and ammunition were found in the police
 station, a U.N. official said. No one was injured.
 Italy

 PISA TOWER GETS A LIFT
 Workers yesterday began attaching steel braces to the Leaning
 Tower of Pisa in the latest scheme to stop one of the world's
 most famous landmarks from falling. Cranes moved into Pisa's
 Piazza dei Miracoli to begin fixing the four 103-metre cables to
 the ornate white marble monument that has tilted perilously for
 eight centuries. Workers were to attach the first pair of cables
 to an anchoring block today.

 KURD LEADER TO RESIGN

 Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan said in an interview
 published yesterday he would announce his resignation as leader
 of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) in a television broadcast.
 Ocalan told the Communist newspaper Il Manifesto that he was
 planning to step down as part of a restructuring of the party.
 Turkey has said Ocalan is responsible for more than 29,000 deaths
 caused by the PKK's 14-year fight for self-rule.
 From The Star's wire services




LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 21, 2001 Monday, Home Edition

Alter's Brookside gets leasing boost;
Deals & Trends: Inside Atlanta's commercial real estate market

BYLINE: TONY WILBERT

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business Horizon; Pg. 2E; COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE

LENGTH: 1194 words


The Alter Group, which got stung earlier this year by the demise of UrbanMedia,
is getting a boost at its Brookside development from another high-tech company.

Agilent Technologies, which last year leased 61,057 square feet at Alter Group's
Alpharetta project, last week tacked on an additional 40,150 square feet to the
deal, said Todd Yates, senior vice president of national development at Alter.
So when Brookside/300 opens Sept. 1, Agilent Technologies, a Hewlett-Packard
spinoff, will be the sole tenant in the two-story, 101,207-square-foot building.
It signed a 10-year lease for the space, which can accommodate 500 workers.

Alter Group also has signed software company Systems & Computer Technology of
Pennsylvania to a 13,641-square-foot lease at Brookside/100, the
127,000-square-foot building that lost its lead tenant when UrbanMedia shut down
its Atlanta operation and fired 239 workers. UrbanMedia wired office buildings
for high-speed Internet access.

Last week, Alter Group said State Farm leased its 35,860-square-foot
Brookside/800 building. It also is negotiating a lease with Progressive
Insurance for space at Brookside/700, Yates said.

The recent activity at Brookside is evidence that the project will continue to
attract tenants, even in the slowing economy, Yates said. "There are a lot of
problems out there but it's not all doom and gloom," Yates said. "Not everybody
is packing up their tents and going home." He said Brookside's location on Old
Milton Parkway and the park's restaurants, running trails and Georgia State
University campus, have helped attract tenants.

The CB Richard Ellis team of Gregg Metcalf, Dave Watson and Rob Metcalf
represented Alter Group in its Brookside deals. Jon Martin and Dale Lewis of
Carter & Associates represented Agilent Technologies in its lease expansion.

Former Duke-Weeks duo forms own firm

After some relaxing time off, Eben Hardie and Mal Hill are back in the
industrial real estate game.

The former Duke-Weeks Realty workers have formed Solution Property Group, an
industrial development firm based at Colony Square in Midtown. Hardie will bring
development skills he honed at Duke-Weeks, which he left about a year ago. He
served as senior vice president in charge of its Atlanta Industrial Group. Hill,
who left Duke-Weeks in November, will bring leasing skills; last year, he
completed $90 million in industrial deals in metro Atlanta in 2000.

The company's first project will be a 25,000-square-foot building at Southridge,
a park in Clayton County near Hartsfield International Airport. Its second will
be a 140,000-square-foot industrial building in Gwinnett County.

Solution Property Group plans to fill a void in the industrial market by
providing tenants with buildings in quality business parks that the developer
will own for the long term, Hardie said. Its plan is similar to the way Weeks
operated before it was acquired by Duke Realty Investments, said Hardie, who
headed Duke-Weeks Realty's Industrial Group for about a year. Weeks was willing
to spend money on landscaping and other upgrades to industrial parks that helped
it create a brand name across the Southeast, he said. "Weeks doesn't exist
anymore," he said. "There's a void in the marketplace doing what they did. Ray
Weeks had it right." On July 1, Duke-Weeks will drop the Weeks part of its name.

Hill agreed with his new partner, saying that the "healthy cooldown" in the
industrial market will create opportunity for developers such as Solution
Property Group that can provide space at good rates.

The company expects to close on the land at Southridge for its first building in
August. The seller, fittingly enough, is Duke-Weeks.

MIDTOWN: Rreef puts faith and money in Midtown

Reports of potential overbuilding aside, Chicago-based pension fund adviser
Rreef Funds believes Midtown has emerged as a better place to make real estate
investments than downtown. Midtown is farther along in its attempt to create a
vibrant commercial and residential atmosphere, Rreef Vice President Steve Grant
said last week. The firm has put money behind its belief. It is the owner of
Midtown in Millennium, a 410,000-square-foot office tower under construction at
10th and West Peachtree streets. Grant was in town last week for a dinner at the
home of Holder Properties Chairman and Chief Executive John Holder. Holder
Properties is Rreef's development partner at Millennium. Last year, Rreef sold
its downtown investment, the 34 Peachtree building. "Downtown's too hard," Grant
said. "We took the path of least resistance." Grant said Rreef is confident that
its investment in Millennium in Midtown will pay off despite current market
conditions. Holder acknowledged that the market hit a "dead spot" in the first
quarter but that the amount of "real activity" picked up dramatically during the
second quarter.

NORTHWEST: Cobb business park changes hands

Developer/investor Scott Hawkins last week acquired Bailey Park at Barrett on
Cobb Place Boulevard near Town Center mall. He bought the five-building,
198,475-square-foot business park from MassMutual. The price was $13.4 million.
Hawkins said he bought the park, which includes a 7.4-acre development site
because of its location and "very nice, stabilized cash flow." The buildings,
developed by Peterson Properties, are 95 percent leased, he said. Hawkins said
he is evaluating whether to develop the extra land or hold it. Chris Riley and
Hal Breedlove of Trammell Crow represented the seller.


Washington Mutual picked Interstate North Office Park to house its consumer
banking division's new regional offices and training center. The Seattle-based
financial giant signed a five-year lease for a total of 20,000 square feet at
Interstate North 340 and 380. Washington Mutual's mortgage division has an
office in the 340 building. Last month, the company said it would open 60 to 80
banking branches in Atlanta and create as many as 700 jobs during the next three
years. Sam Zelony of TrizecHahn Office Properties represented the landlord in
the transaction.

NORTHEAST: Braselton industrial park in works

Southeast Investment Properties is negotiating to buy about 290 acres in
Braselton for an industrial park. The land, owned by a Wayne Mason partnership,
is near Duke-Weeks Realty's new business park. Steve Smith, president of
Southeast Investment Properties, declined to comment.

PEOPLE: Opus South's O'Briant exits for industrial firm

Sam O'Briant, who negotiated the year's largest build-to-suit office deal, has
left Opus South. He joined First Industrial Realty Trust, where he serves as
regional vice president in charge of its Development Services division. "It's
just a real opportunity," he said of the move. "Atlanta's a major industrial
market and it continues to grow." The Chicago-based real estate investment trust
has projects in Henry and Douglas counties. In March, O'Briant was on the Opus
South team that completed a deal to build a 300,000-square-foot building at Opus
Woods in Alpharetta that will serve as the new headquarters for UPS Logistics
Group.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Sam O'Briant has left Opus South for First Industrial Realty Trust, where he's a
regional vice president. Photo:
Former Duke-Weeks employees Eben Hardie (left) and Mal Hill have started an
industrial real estate firm of their own. / Solution Property Group Graphic:
Rreef is the new owner of a 400,000-square-foot office building being built at
10th and West Peachtree streets. / Holder Properties Photo:
Todd Yates of the Alter Group says "it's not all doom and gloom" in the office
leasing market.

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                              April 9, 2012 Monday

Judge clears Alter Communications sale

BYLINE: by Kelsey Butler

LENGTH: 895 words


An affiliate of the owner of Washington Jewish Week is free to pay $1.26 million
for Baltimore Jewish Times publisher Alter Communications Inc.  Judge Nancy
Alquist of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the District of Maryland in Baltimore
on April 5 signed an order approving the deal.

Route 95 Publications LLC, which has the same owners as WJW Group LLP, the
publisher of Washington Jewish Week, agreed to acquire the debtor's assets at an
April 2 auction, court papers show. Route 95 bested a $1.25 million offer from
Baltimore Community Publishing LLC, a new entity formed by a group of Baltimore
investors led by Scott Rifkin.  Alter's main creditor, H.G. Roebuck & Son Inc.,
also participated in the auction, with a high bid of about $900,000.  Alter will
use the sale proceeds to pay off the $390,000 secured claim of Wells Fargo Bank
NA and the $65,000 superpriority administrative claim of shareholder Ronnie
Buerger.  Alquist on April 5 also signed an order granting Alter use of its cash
collateral through April 16, court papers show.  With the sale approval, Alter's
case could be headed for Chapter 7.  Chapter 11 trustee Zvi Guttman of the Law
Offices of Zvi Guttman PA on March 30 filed a motion requesting that the case be
converted immediately following the closing of a sale. The trustee said in court
papers that there would be no business to operate once Alter's assets were sold.
Guttman said converting the case would keep the estate from having to incur
certain administrative costs under Chapter 11.  Objections to the conversion
must be submitted by a Monday, April 9, deadline. A hearing on the matter had
not been set as of Monday.  Alquist on March 16 appointed Guttman as Chapter 11
trustee in the case.  The debtor had on March 14 requested that a confirmation
hearing for the company be continued to March 16 so it could work out a deal
with Roebuck, its adversary, for much of the Chapter 11 case.   Alquist allowed
the continuance, but she stopped short of approving a deal that would sell the
publishing company within the week, asserting that there was not enough time for
due diligence.  Under the deal proposed by Alter in court on March 16, the
debtor would have sold substantially all of its assets to WJW Group by March 21
so the company could publish its Baltimore Jewish Times on March 23. Alter and
Roebuck had been in negotiations from March 12 through March 16 to devise a plan
that worked for both sides.  Before a March 9 confirmation hearing, both Alter
and the creditor had each filed reorganization plans that included investments
from outside parties.   Under Alter's plan, filed Dec. 30, Rifkin would have led
a group of investors willing to put up $600,000 to fund a reorganization plan.
The investor group would have retained 80% of the equity interests in the
reorganized company. The Buerger family, the debtor's current shareholders,
would have held the remaining 20%.  On Feb. 22, Roebuck submitted a plan of its
own that would have all of Alter's equity go to a Roebuck-affiliated shareholder
in exchange for an $800,000 investment from WJW Group.   Alter filed for Chapter
11 protection on April 14, 2010, and Judge James Schneider of the bankruptcy
court confirmed the debtor's original reorganization plan on Dec. 16, 2010.
Under the confirmed plan, shareholders were allowed to purchase 85% of new
shares for $34,850, court papers said. A certified public accountant assessed
the value of the reorganized debtor at $41,000 at the confirmation hearing,
which qualified the Buerger family to maintain control of the company for that
amount.  Following an appeal by Roebuck, however, Judge Richard D. Bennett of
the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland on June 3 reversed
confirmation of Alter's reorganization plan and ended the debtor's exclusive
right to file a plan, citing issues involving the shareholder stock purchase as
well as an inability of rival plans to surface.  Court documents said Buerger,
Alter's CEO, reached out to 15 potential buyers and received no interest. The
debtor also placed eight advertisements in various print media outlets
soliciting interest in the company between Dec. 1 and Dec. 15, 2010, according
to court papers.   Bennett ruled the ads didn't offer sufficient information to
qualify as a fair market assessment of the equity.  Alter was founded in 1919,
when David Alter began publishing the Baltimore Jewish Times, a newspaper that
reaches 50,000 readers on a weekly basis. The debtor also publishes Style
magazine seven times per year.  Alter had a 10-year printing contract with
Roebuck that carried rates that were significantly higher than market value once
the economic downturn began. The debtor asked the printer to adjust the pricing
on its agreement and defaulted on the contract after the creditor declined.  The
printer sued Alter in February 2009 in Maryland state court for defaulting on
the contract. A judge in that case granted the printer a $326,125 judgment
against Alter, and the debtor filed for bankruptcy on April 14, 2010, because it
didn't have the money to pay the judgment.  In schedules with its filing, the
debtor listed $1.02 million in assets and $1.64 million in liabilities.  Guttman
could not immediately be reached for comment. Calls to Alter and WJW Group were
not immediately returned Monday.

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-25 Million

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2012 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Saint Michael's Medical Center wants to alter contract

BYLINE: by Andrew Hedlund

LENGTH: 629 words


As it awaits a November auction, Saint Michael's Medical Center Inc. wants to
alter its payment schedule on a contract that allows it to provide certain drugs
at reduced costs.    The Newark, N.J., nonprofit healthcare provider on
Thursday, Aug. 27, requested approval from the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the
District of New Jersey in Newark to amend a prepetition contract with CCN
America LP, which does business as Coordinated Care Network.

Judge Vincent F. Papalia is scheduled to consider the motion on Oct. 6.    The
amendment would alter the payment schedule under the agreement to provide for a
$225,000 flat fee on the ninth day of each month for the coming month's
services. Under the contract, entered into on Aug. 31, 2012, for a three-year
term and then subsequently renewed for two more years, Saint Michael's pays CCN
on the 15th day of each month for the previous month.     Papalia on Aug. 25
sanctioned bidding procedures for the debtor's assets centered on a $49.15
million offer from Prime Healthcare Services Inc.    The Ontario, Calif.,
hospital operator would receive a $1.23 million breakup fee and up to $200,000
in expense reimbursement should it not be the eventual purchaser.    Competing
bidders have until Nov. 5 to offer at least $51.08 million for the assets--Prime
Healthcare's stalking-horse offer plus the bid protections and a $500,000
minimum overbid. Bidders also must be able to close a deal by Dec. 15 and
provide a $2 million refundable deposit.     If Saint Michael's received a rival
bid, it would hold a Nov. 6 auction, at which bids would have to increase in
increments of at least $500,000.    Papalia is set to preside over a Nov. 12
sale hearing.     Potential purchasers must identify which unexpired leases and
contracts they wish to assume and pay the cure costs within 10 days of the sale
closing or 10 days after an agreement on curing a contract is reached.    Debtor
counsel Michael D. Sirota of Cole Schotz PC noted there is a "fairly limited
community that buys not-for-profit hospitals."    The debtor's financial
advisers, Allen Wilen and Thomas Buck of EisnerAmper LLP, though, put together a
list of potential purchasers that includes both parties that have recently
expressed interest and those that indicated interest in early 2013, when an
initial asset purchase agreement was struck with Prime Healthcare.    Sirota
said the deal's closing will be conditioned on obtaining approval from state
regulators. He said he believed New Jersey authorities would act quickly to sign
off on the transaction, as they have done so in previous not-for-profit hospital
bankruptcy M&A situations. Sirota cited the sales of Christ Hospital, Bayonne
Medical Center and Hoboken University Medical Center.    According to an Aug. 10
declaration from Saint Michael's CEO and president David A. Ricci, the debtor
initiated efforts more than two years ago to sell its hospital. On Feb. 8, 2013,
Saint Michael's entered into an APA with Prime Healthcare for an undisclosed
purchase price. The sale did not move forward, however, because Saint Michael's
awaited guidance from the New Jersey attorney general and state Department of
Health.    The company subsequently filed for Chapter 11 on Aug. 10, citing low
reimbursement rates for care and unsustainable debt levels. A day later, Saint
Michael's received interim approval to tap $5 million of its $15 million
debtor-in-possession loan provided by indirect parent Trinity Health Corp.
The company in its petition listed $100 million to $500 million in assets and
liabilities.    Along with Sirota, Gerald H. Gline and Ryan T. Jareck of Cole
Schotz are debtor counsel.     William H. Schorling of Buchanan Ingersoll &
Rooney PC represents Trinity Health.

DEAL SIZE

$ 50-250 Million

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2015 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 14, 2008 Tuesday

Jandel's win caps Zimmer's time as C-J golf coach

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 454 words


The ending couldn't have been better for Don Zimmer at Chaminade-Julienne High
School.

He is now officially retired as boys golf coach after nine years. The last two
seasons his team was the runner-up in the Division II state tournament to
Hunting Valley University School from suburban Cleveland.

He also had the state medalist this season - Sam Jandel, who won by an
impressive seven strokes.

"Going out on a winning note is very satisfying," he said en route to his winter
home in Bonita Springs, Fla. "It'll sure make the fall sports banquet a lot more
enjoyable."

C-J was third in the sectional behind Oakwood and Alter. In the district, Alter
had 313 to C-J's 318. At state Alter, the Eagles' long-time rivals, was fifth at
665. University School shot 627 to 647 for C-J.

"Difference in (previous) tournaments and state was Sam," said Zimmer. "He was
shooting 78 or 79 in the sectional or district. He shoots 73-72 at state. I felt
if he could shoot like that and everyone else be around 80, we had a chance."

Senior Zak Hadaway came in at 82-83-165, junior Christian Volk at 87-80-167,
senior Penn Saad at 86-87-173 and sophomore Matt Shimp at 90-84-174.

GWOC cross country

The Centerville boys and Springboro girls were the Greater Western Ohio
Conference cross country champions in the meet held Saturday, Oct. 11, in
Sidney.

Centerville had four of the top six finishers in the boys' race and 25 points to
83 for runner-up Fairmont. The Elks' Shawn Roberts was the individual winner in
15 minutes, 24.92 seconds, followed by Danny Neff from Vandalia Butler in 15:
40.92.

Springboro had five of the top 12 placers to repeat as girls team champ with 40
points to 76 for Centerville. Panthers sophomore Carly Hamilton repeated as
conference champ in 18:28.56 followed by Megan Wright of Miamisburg in 18:47.69.

Blevins: Scuffle was minor

Fairmont football coach Brian Blevins said Monday, Oct. 13, that the incident
between his team and Springfield this past weekend wasn't a bench-clearing
fight.

"The whole thing lasted 30 seconds," he said of a few testy moments during
Fairmont's 15-8 double overtime win. "It wasn't a brawl."

Blevins said both coaching staffs did a good job of calming things down and that
the Ohio High School Athletic Association hasn't contacted Fairmont. "It was a
shame that it happened," Blevins said.

OHSAA Assistant Commissioner Debbie Moore said the organization can't reverse
any ejections and would discuss the situation with both schools only if it
deemed it necessary. The OHSAA is gathering facts to make that determination.

Fairmont (7-1, 3-0) hosts Northmont (7-1, 3-0) at 7:30 p.m. Friday for the GWOC
Central title in the Dayton Daily News Game of the Week.

- Compiled by Mark Gokavi

and Dave Long

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                           The Fantastic Company AG;

                               Industriestrasse 7
                                    Zug 6300
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  8. August 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug

DATUM:  14. November 2006
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zug, Poststrasse 13
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Zug, Obmoos 4


DATUM:  25. März 2004
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Landis + Gyr-Strasse 3, Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Poststrasse 13, Zug


DATUM:  2. Oktober 2001
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Bahnhofstrasse 12, Zug
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Landis + Gyr-Strasse 3, Zug


DATUM:  29. Dezember 1997
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Bergliweg 15, Baar
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Bahnhofstrasse 12, Zug

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0443502280
TELEFAX: 0443502282
INTERNET: www.fantastic.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406332724

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1996
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 15.11.1996
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  8. August 2016
 BÖRSE: Kodiert an der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Oliver Krautscheid
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Frankfurt am Main (DE)
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland

NAME:  Roger Meier
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dällikon, Dänikon


NAME:  Alain Derek Bandle
ORT:  Buchillon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Frauenfeld
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 04.12.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Jaqueline B. Brankwynne
ORT:  Los Angeles (USA)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Biel BE
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.06.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Sanford Climan
ORT:  Los Angeles
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.05.2001 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dr. Luigi Carlo De Micco
ORT:  Monaco
LAND:  Monaco
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 04.09.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Knut Föckler
ORT:  München
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 21.03.2001 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dominique Alain Freymond
ORT:  Schönenberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Montanaire
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 04.09.2006 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Iur. Pete Hirsch
ORT:  Bäch SZ
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 31.08.2005 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Mark B. Hoffmann
ORT:  San Francisco
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.05.2001 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Cristian Mantzke
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. 349 17.09.2009 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Matthias Oertle
ORT:  Oberwil b. Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Teufen AR
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.03.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Peter Ohnemus
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 15.03.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Giorgio Luigi Ronchi
ORT:  Chiasso
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Italien
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 27.06.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Volker Steiner
ORT:  Bonn
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.04.2003 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  John Taysom
ORT:  Puttney
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 29.05.2001 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Markus Gildner
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Ausgeschieden als VR am 24.06.2008 und wieder eingetragen
am04.08.2009.


NAME:  Reto Braun
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Teufen AR
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
27.06.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.



KONZERNZUGEHÖRIGKEIT:
NAME:  The Fantastic Group
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Konzern/Gruppe

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Michael Elwood
ORT:  Unterägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien

NAME:  Barry Alan Matsumori
ORT:  Unterägeri
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Prashanth Narasimha
ORT:  Walchwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Indien


NAME:  Peter Pircher
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kriens


NAME:  Adi Surpin
ORT:  St. Gallenkappel
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Burgdorf


NAME:  Direktor Lars Tvede
ORT:  Rotkreuz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark


NAME:  Khadijah Alao Straub
ORT:  Kilchberg ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
16.01.2002 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Wassim Badran
ORT:  Hagendorn
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Signau
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
06.06.2002 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Andreas Emmenegger
ORT:  Luzern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ballwil LU, Schüpfheim
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.12.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Frank Ewald
ORT:  Walchwil
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Dänemark
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
25.01.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Enrico Gulfi
ORT:  Porza
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Rovio
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
14.02.2002 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Steven Horowitz
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.12.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Simon Johnson
ORT:  Versonnex
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
04.12.2003 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Martin King
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zug
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 23.04.1998 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift
erloschen. Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied.


NAME:  Michael Leonard
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
11.07.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Sören Lindkvist
ORT:  Weybridge
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
7.4.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Meliza Louw
ORT:  Oberdorf NW
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Südafrika
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
7.4.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Philippe Mauron
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Ependes FR
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 30.11.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.
Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied.


NAME:  Philip Owen
ORT:  Steinhausen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
25.01.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Sonja Schibli
ORT:  Baar
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Fislisbach
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
20.02.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Dennis Smith
ORT:  Zug
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
20.11.2002 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Marina Helena Speck
ORT:  Neuheim
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Appenzell, Basel
BEMERKUNGEN:  Gem. HR-Publikation vom 30.11.2000 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.
Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied.


NAME:  Kim Weis
ORT:  East Horsley
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
20.02.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
26300 - Herstellung von Geräten und Einrichtungen der Telekommunikation
62090 - Erbringung von sonstigen Dienstleistungen der Informationstechn
64200 - Andere Holdinggesellschaften

   Erwerb, Halten und Verwalten von Beteiligungen an anderen Gesellschaften,
Entwicklung, Vermarktung, Vertrieb und Support von Software-Lösungen für die
Datenübertragung via Satellit, Rundfunk-Kabelnetz und andere Uebertragungsarten
sowie für damit zusammenhängende Applikationen im Bereich der
Informationstechnologie; kann Tochtergesellschaften errichten sowie Grundstücke
erwerben, halten und veräussern

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.10
2015                   CHF 1.10

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  The Fantastic Corporation Research & Development SA
ORT:  Manno
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  16. Juni 1997
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Schuldenruf infolge Fusion
DATUM DER VERFÜGUNGSMITTELUNG:  19. November 2002

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Deloitte AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. Januar 1984
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00

NAME:  Accurata Wirtschaftsprüfung AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  29. Juni 1993
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisor. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 24.06.2008
ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Deloitte AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  19. Januar 1984
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'000'000.00


NAME:  PricewaterhouseCoopers AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  26. Juni 1998
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 6'300'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Revisionsstelle. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
15.03.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Treviso Revisions AG
ORT:  St. Gallen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Mai 2000
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 200'000.00


NAME:  keine/aucune/no
STELLUNG:  Keine
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 2'455'740.00
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Inhaberaktien
ANZAHL:  245'574'000
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  Bei der Kapitalherabsetzung vom 10.02.2012 wird der Nennwert
der 7'016'400 Inhaberaktien zu CHF 0.35, im Umfang von CHF 1'695'567.00 im Sinne
von Art. 735 OR, auf CHF 0.01

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Dezember 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'473'444.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'455'740.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  26. März 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'455'740.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'473'444.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. November 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'016'400.28
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 2'455'740.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  8. Oktober 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'016'384.28
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'016'400.28


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  27. November 2006
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'838'386.30
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'016'384.28


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. November 2003
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 12'794'621.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 3'838'386.30


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. Mai 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 12'778'863.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 12'794'621.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. April 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 12'686'163.20
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 12'778'863.20


FUSION:
FUSIONDATUM:  1. September 2003
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 139'104.00
PASSIVEN:  CHF 3.90 Mio.
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 0.00

FUSIONDATUM:  5. Dezember 2002
FUSIONART:  Fusion
RECHTSFORM DER ÜBERNOMMENEN FIRMA:  Aktiengesellschaft Merger Requirements:
AKTIVEN:  CHF 4.34 Mio.
PASSIVEN:  CHF 364'365.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 3.97 Mio.
BEMERKUNG ZU FUSION:  The Fantastic Corporation Research & Development SA, Manno


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  18. Juni 2012
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Corporate Equity Partners AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  The Fantastic Company AG

DATUM:  4. September 2006
ALTES DOMIZIL:  The Fantastic Corporation
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Corporate Equity Partners AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             August 13, 2012 Monday
                                  WEB Edition

Michael Phelps signs on to appear on locally-produced Golf Channel series

BYLINE: Dan Gross

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; P-com Biggie Today's Talk; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 573 words


Michael Phelps meant it when he said he wanted to take time off and relax.

The swimming sensation will try to improve his golf game on the next season of
the Golf Channel's "The Haney Project," produced by Tom Farrell and Steve
Rotfeld of Bryn Mawr's The WorkShop.

"I love the fact that a Philly company will be working with the greatest
Olympian of all time," Farrell said of Phelps, who begins production on the show
next month. Farrell says Phelps wants to be trained by coach Hank Haney at some
of the best golf courses around the world.

Suburban &lsquo;Paranoia'

Residents of Fort Washington are still experiencing "Paranoia."

The film spent several days, through Monday, shooting at the estate of former
Advanta CEO Dennis Alter.

Alter's home, which has been up for sale and listed at more than $20 million,
plays the home of Gary Oldman in the corporate-espionage thriller.

One of the scenes shot at the estate featured actor Liam Hemsworth swimming in
the pool as Oldman, who plays his boss at a telecommunications company, arrives
by helicopter (how serious businessmen like to show off).

"Hunger Games" actor Hemsworth's fianc&eacute;e, Miley Cyrus, on set for much of
the film's downtown shooting, was not on the shoot on Alter's palatial grounds.

Joining Oldman and Hemsworth for the shoot were "Nip/Tuck" star Julian McMahon
and actress Embeth Davidtz, who recently played the wife of Lane Pryce (Jared
Harris) on "Mad Men."

McMahon and Davidtz play advisers to Oldman's ruthless mogul, who wants
Hemsworth to spy on Harrison Ford, who runs a rival company.

Pressler on &lsquo;Gossip Girl'

Jessica Pressler, former Philadelphia Weekly columnist and Philadelphia magazine
writer, will play herself in an upcoming episode of "Gossip Girl" next season,
reports New York magazine.

Pressler now writes for New York, and she and former colleague Chris Rovzar (now
with Vanity Fair), who together wrote recaps after each episode of the CW
series, appear in a scene with Penn Badgley and Michelle Trachtenberg in which
their characters (Dan and Georgina) approach New York with a story.

Bello, Oteri raise $ in A.C.

Norristown native Maria Bello and Upper Darby "SNL" alum Cheri Oteri will be at
Revel in Atlantic City on Saturday night for a fundraiser for We Advance, the
Haitian charity Bello co-founded, which seeks to empower women. The event
features dinner, drinks, music and a silent auction. Tickets are $200 and
available at weadvance.org.

Out and about

Actor Joel Edgerton, who plays Jennifer Garner's husband and the father of the
title character in "The Odd Life of Timothy Green," went for a cheesesteak from
Pat's (with provolone, onions and hot peppers) and a shrimp salad and scallops
at Parc while in town Thursday to promote the Disney film, which opens
Wednesday. Edgerton also asked the local film reps to take him to see the Art
Museum steps and the Rocky statue.

Delco gal gets makeover

Delaware County's Frances Ruiz will be seen on Tuesday night's episode of TLC's
"What Not to Wear," as she gets a fashion makeover. Ruiz, 28, is a
computer-science coordinator at Swarthmore College and writes young-adult
fantasy novels. You can learn more about her at francesruiz.com and of course by
tuning in to "What Not To Wear" at 10 p.m. Tuesday.

Read Dan's latest at PhillyGossip.com, philly.com/dangross, @PhillyGossip on
Twitter or at Facebook.com/dangrossphillygossip. Have a tip? Email
DGross@phillynews.com or call 215-854-5963.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday

Alter starts school upgrade;
Catholic high school has raised $4.6M of $15M capital campaign goal.

BYLINE: By Kelli Wynn Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 346 words


KETTERING - Archbishop Alter High School has reached one-third of its goal in a
$15 million capital campaign to raise funds for the school's renovation project
and plan to begin work next week, according to the Rev. James Manning, president
of the Catholic high school, 940 E. David Road.

The campaign is called Answering the Call and the school was able to raise $4.6
million privately before a public launch in March, according to a posting on the
high school's Web site.

"To do everything that we want to do over time, (we need) $15 million," Manning
said Friday, June 5.

One of the things that Alter officials want to do is renovate some of the high
school's classrooms. That is set to begin on Monday, Manning said.

"Inside the building on the first floor, all the classrooms will be renovated,"
he said. "That's six science labs."

The school's chapel, which is on the second floor, will also be renovated. "It's
already demolished, but the reconstruction cannot begin until the kids are out
of the building," Manning said.

Friday was the last day of class.

Also on Monday, Kettering's Board of Zoning Appeals will meet to discuss a
request for conditional use approval that will allow Alter to have temporary
classroom trailers and other minor modifications. The board's June 8 meeting
will be held at 7:30 p.m. in the city government building, 3600 Shroyer Road.

The school will need three trailers, which will have two classrooms each,
Manning said. If the city approves Alter's request, the trailers will be placed
in the school's front yard between the school and Seton Hall. School officials
like this location because they are trying "to retain as many trees as we can on
the ground," Manning said.

The school's building will also have a complete electrical upgrade.

Other work on the school's property has already begun.

"If you drive behind Alter High School, you would see the football field has
been sodded," Manning said.

New lights on the football and soccer complex will be installed over the summer.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2414 or kwynn@Dayton DailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 20, 2000, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

CHECK YOUR HOMEOWNER'S INSURANCE TO SEE IF STUDENT'S STUFF IS COVERED WHILE IN;
SCHOOL

BYLINE: Dawn Fallik; Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: HELP@HOME, Pg. E9

LENGTH: 314 words


Joanne Damazyn is sending her oldest child, Josh Warren, off to college this
month for the first time. Josh will be taking his computer, his books, his
clothes and everything else he needs to create a home away from home in his
Washington University dorm room.

But one thing Damazyn didn't consider was whether Josh's new home would be
covered by her old homeowner's insurance.

"I didn't even think about it. I guess I need to ask," she said.

Many parents just assume that their students are covered, and many homeowner
policies do extend to the dorm room, said Hugh Alter, a technical sales
consultant at CDS Office Technologies in St. Louis. But it's a good idea to
double-check the coverage, particularly for computers. And check things such as
theft and accidents, he said.

"If you spill Coke on a laptop, it's fried," said Alter.

Most State Farm Insurance policies cover laptops and desktops as personal
property, said Ron Schmidt, a St. Louis representative. Regular coverage would
offer protection from floods and other disasters, he said. Special additional
coverage can extend to damage caused by viruses or other software malfunctions.

Some companies sell special "computer insurance" for $ 75-$ 180 a year to cover
dropped laptops and spilled soda.

George Basiewicz, a representative for Safeware Insurance of Columbus, Ohio,
(http://www. safeware.com) which specializes in insuring computers, said the $
50 deductible on such a policy is much lower than most homeowner insurance
premiums and helps keep down the cost of replacing a computer.

"Accidental damages like spilling water or dropping the computer are not always
covered by homeowner insurance," he said.

Safeware reported last year that theft and accident accounted for 87 percent of
all its claims last year. Theft accounted for 46 percent and was up from 26
percent in 1998.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Political Journalism Chronicle

BYLINE: By JEFFREY FRANK.

Jeffrey Frank's most recent book is ''Ike and Dick: Portrait of a Strange
Political Marriage.''

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1227 words


THE CENTER HOLDS Obama and His Enemies By Jonathan Alter Simon & Schuster, $30.


The Yeatsian title reflects President Obama's view that the real struggle of the
2012 election wasn't between conservatives and liberals but between ''right-wing
extremism'' and ''pragmatic centrism,'' which is where he placed himself. Alter,
a veteran journalist and the author of ''The Promise,'' a thoughtful examination
of Obama's rise and first presidential year, agrees, and saw this extremism
taking virulent shape in what he calls ''Obama Derangement Syndrome.'' Those
infected, he writes, ''were interested in vituperation and victory. Their aim
was not just to fling invective but to block everything the president stood for
and eventually drive him from office.'' For a number of reasons, which Alter
knowledgeably explores, they didn't succeed, although the outlook seemed bleak
after the Democrats suffered a ''shellacking'' in the 2010 midterms. One Obama
advantage was an organization that was simply cleverer than his opponent's --
especially its sophisticated data operation. Mission control in Chicago was a
''secret windowless room'' (known as ''the Cave'') where the analytics team
worked 16-hour days followed by numbing, strobe-lit breaks.

Mitt Romney's people in Boston couldn't compete with these tech geeks, who
outnumbered them five to one. Alter knows Obama and finds him likable enough, by
now a familiar figure: calm, detached, bored by the rituals of politics -- he
''didn't have the schmooze gene'' -- and attentive to detail. He is very good at
describing the intimidating power of those close to the president, like the
senior adviser Valerie Jarrett, whose critics called her ''the Night Stalker''
because she was permitted to wander up to the family's quarters after hours.
Although his focus is Obama, he doesn't neglect the opposition. His Romney,
perplexing as ever, is admired by colleagues and loyal to his staff, but also a
''pinched and robotic'' public man who didn't thank, or even notice, waiters and
busboys. Assessing the Republican primary debates (in a chapter titled ''The
Clown Car''), Alter says: ''The news media, thrilled to have reality TV
characters liven up the primaries, went along with the fiction that most of the
candidates onstage had a genuine chance of being nominated.'' Obama rightly
regarded his re-election as a pivotal event. This well-reported account of how
he won, though, can only hint at what lies ahead in an age whose poisonous
politics, Alter seems to suggest, may bring out the inner derangement in anyone.

COLLISION 2012 Obama vs. Romney and the Future of Elections in America By Dan
Balz James H. Silberman/Viking, $32.95.

It's a challenge for even a first-rate political reporter like The Washington
Post's Balz to make the 2012 election seem fresh. The contest was covered by a
media army, including the surreptitious videographer who recorded Mitt Romney
making disparaging remarks about 47 percent of the electorate. Balz seems a
little bored by some of it, and a little mournful that some colorful Republican
contenders, notably Govs. Chris Christie and Haley Barbour, sat it out, but he
still finds interesting material in a race that had ''big stakes but not always
a campaign to do them justice.'' Christie's recollections as a reluctant
candidate alone are worth the price of the book. With evident satisfaction he
recalled the full-court recruitment to which he was subjected: George W. Bush
offered to be a ''sounding board'' and Barbara Bush telephoned the governor's
wife to say that life in the White House is ''a plus'' for children; Henry
Kissinger told him, ''You can do this,'' and when Christie suggested that his
knowledge of foreign policy did not extend beyond the Jersey Shore, Kissinger
said, ''Don't worry about that, we can work with you on that.'' Conversations
about the vice presidency ended after Romney asked if Christie would consider
resigning the governorship; Christie's rude response was to laugh. Balz was
present for many of the year's weird moments, like Clint Eastwood's conversation
with an empty chair at the Republican National Convention, after which Romney's
chief strategist, Stuart Stevens, ''walked out of the room and threw up.'' The
Republicans provided an entertaining spectacle, Balz observes, but at a cost --
''the degree to which its conservative base was pushing the party beyond the
mainstream.'' This did not seem to worry the candidates, who were doing some of
the pushing themselves. Two months after the vote, Balz interviewed Romney and
found him unintentionally revealing -- reliving the campaign and reinterpreting
his remarks about the 47 percent. ''Actually I didn't say that,'' Romney told
Balz. ''That's the perception.'' He scrolled through an iPad to find his
quotation. ''There it is, c'mon Notes, there it is.'' Balz doesn't need to say
that he wasn't persuaded.

FIGHTING FOR THE PRESS The Inside Story of the Pentagon Papers and Other Battles
By James C. Goodale CUNY Journalism Press, $35.

Journalists quickly discover that there are two types of lawyers in the
building: those who worry about legal perils and those who look for ways to get
the news out. Goodale, a longtime chief counsel for The New York Times, put
himself firmly in the second category when the newspaper, in 1971, was offered a
secret 7,000-page Pentagon study of America's long involvement in Vietnam -- the
''top secret sensitive'' Pentagon Papers. Goodale's engaging legal memoir finds
its anchor in the question of ''prior restraint'' -- whether a court or a
government may force a newspaper not to publish. Until the papers were leaked
and the government tried to stop the presses, he notes that ''no federal court
had ever enjoined a publication in the history of the country with prior
restraint.'' The papers were a journalistic coup but also presented a major
threat -- the likelihood the Justice Department would file criminal charges if
their contents were made public. Goodale favored going forward, certain that
''no court was going to penalize a newspaper criminally for showing how the
government had lied, particularly when the government's own papers proved it.''
All that followed -- hearings in New York and Washington (The Washington Post
also got the papers) and arguments before the Supreme Court -- has often been
recounted. Goodale, though, had a unique vantage point, and gives a deeply
informed, even gossipy firsthand look at the legal strategy as well as conflicts
between editorial and business interests inside the offices of The Times. He
anticipated that the newspaper's white-shoe law firm -- it had the prayerful
name of Lord, Day & Lord -- would oppose publication, citing the Espionage Act.
Its refusal to stand by the newspaperwas a decision thatwill live in legal
infamy. The Pentagon Papers case gets the most attention here, but Goodale
doesn't neglect other, still unsettled First Amendment fights concerning the
protection of a reporter's notes and sources. He wrote his book before Edward J.
Snowden raised again the sharp distinction between those who pass on state
secrets and the journalists who receive them, but not before concluding that the
Justice Department's aggressive pursuit of leakers and journalists got worse
under George W. Bush and more so under Barack Obama. His book can be read as a
warning flare.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/18/books/review/the-center-holds-by-jonathan-
alter-and-more.html

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: PROPAGANDA: Power and Persuasion  By David Welch. 210 pp. The
British Library. $30 .Accompanying an exhibition at the British Library , this
volume  explores the methods and media used to disseminate propaganda  through
time and across cultures. Above, a World War II-era poster . (PHOTOGRAPH FROM
UNITED STATES NATIONAL ARCHIVES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 29, 2005 Tuesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Two state Senate candidates break record for spending

BYLINE: BY JO MANNIES Post-Dispatch Political Correspondent

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 297 words


Two Jefferson County candidates have set a state record for spending in a
Missouri Senate race by shelling out nearly $600,000 in the contest so far.

That amount doesn't include the independent spending by Missouri's two major
political parties on behalf of Republican Bill Alter and Democrat Rick Johnson,
both of High Ridge.

So far, the Missouri Republican Party reports spending more than $66,000 on
Alter's behalf, much of it on direct mail. The state Democratic Party's report
was unavailable Monday; the party has acknowledged sending out mailings on
Johnson's behalf.

Both candidates filed their last campaign finance reports Monday before the
April 5 special election, which will fill the vacancy created when Democrat
Steve Stoll resigned to become the city administrator in Festus.

The reports show Alter heavily outspending Johnson, and deep in debt. Alter has
said he expects the debts to be covered with hefty GOP financial help in the
final days.

Alter reports raising $284,950, spending $379,242, with $39,645 on hand, and a
debt of $189,797. He has spent close to $300,000 so far on TV ads.

On the Democratic side, St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay, state Auditor Claire
McCaskill and Secretary of State Robin Carnahan are among the latest donors to
Johnson. Each gave the maximum $600.

Johnson reported raising $292,343, spending $203,323, with $88,470 on hand and
no debts. So far, Johnson has spent no money on TV ads.

Alter's donors include state Senate President Pro Tem Michael Gibbons,
R-Kirkwood, the Missouri Chamber of Commerce and the Missouri Farm Bureau.

Independent candidate Zip Rzeppa reported raising $7,350, spending $5,853, with
no money on hand and a debt of at least $630. No report was available for the
other independent candidate, Harold Selby of Cedar Hill.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  METRO PAGE 2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                       Advanced Aerofoil Technologies;AG

                             route de Frontenex 42
                                  Genève 1207
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  23. Mai 2012
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Domizil unbekannt
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Genève

DATUM:  9. März 2012
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Cham
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Domizil unbekannt


DATUM:  3. Mai 2010
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Hombrechtikon, Eichtalstrasse 55
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Cham, Riedstrasse 7


DATUM:  12. Januar 2009
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Zollikon, Breitackerstrasse 2
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Hombrechtikon, Eichtalstrasse 55

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 409058261

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 05.11.2007
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 05


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  3. Februar 2016
 ÄNDERUNG RECHTSFORM:
ALTE RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
FIRMENNAME:  MTS Machinery Tools & Services AG
FIRMENORT:  Hombrechtikon
AKTIVA:  CHF 410'865.00
PASSIVA:  CHF 89'145.00
ÜBERNAHMEPREIS:  CHF 321'720.00
BEMERKUNG ZU RECHTSFORMÄNDERUNG:  Apport en nature: dans le cadre de la
constitution, la société a repris une partie de l'actif et du passif de la
société MTS Machinery Tools & Services AG, à Hombrechtikon,
 ZWEIGNIEDERL.: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
AKTIONÄRE: Mission Point Capital, USA
BETEILIGUNG(EN): Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich

MITTEILUNGSART:  Aufforderung gemäss HRegv
PUBLIKATIONSDATUM:  16. April 2012
DATUM DER FRIST 1:  16. April 2012
FRISTART 1:  ab Publikation 30 Tage
PUBLIKATIONSORGAN:  SHAB/fosc /2012

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Mark Azzopardi
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Silema (MT)
LAND:  Malta
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Malta

NAME:  Michael Cilento
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  New-York
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dominique Raphael Lecocq
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Genève
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meinier GE


NAME:  Stefan Demmerle
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Columbia, USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Adrian Ashurst
ORT:  Hombrechtikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Rottenschwil, britischer Staats
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 02.04.08 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  John Adams Barrett
ORT:  Houston
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 28.04.09 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Gerhard Dressler
ORT:  Bayreuth
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Er/Sie war nicht zeichnungsberechtigt.
Gem. HRPublikation vom 28.04.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ryan Alan Franco
ORT:  Estport
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  USA
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 12.01.09 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Wilhelm Hendrik Hefti
ORT:  Winterthur
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Luchsingen, Winterthur
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 12.03.09 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Robert Seth Armstrong
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Wheaton
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Perry Allen Harvey
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Manilus (NY/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dominique Raphael Lecocq
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Carouge GE
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meinier GE


NAME:  Daniel Schenker
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Widen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Däniken


NAME:  Mark Jeffrey Lewis
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Greenwich (CT/US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Kanada


NAME:  Christian S. Michaelsen
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Stäfa
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Betreibungsamtl. Liegenschaftsst
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR-Präsident/in. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
12.03.09 ist er/sie ausgeschieden. ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.


NAME:  Dennis Pfister
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  San Luis Obispo
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Paul Wolfe
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Wheaton (US)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Dr. Andrew Eriksson
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Baden
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Wetzikon


NAME:  Jay Menton
STELLUNG:  Vizepräsident
ORT:  Chicago
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Herve Flutto
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Frick
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Ludwig Boogen
ORT:  Zollikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
12.01.09 ist seine/ihre Unterschrift erloschen.

NAME:  Martin A. C. Messner
ORT:  Hombrechtikon
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Winterthur

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


<7910>

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
ENTWICKLUNG:  Kein näherer Einblick möglich
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
32990 - Herstellung von sonstigen Erzeugnissen a. n. g.

   But: acquisition, gestion permanente ainsi que cession de participations
détenues au sein de sociétés de quelque nature que ce soit, situés sur le
territoire national et international, et notamment spécialisées dans le secteur
des turbomachines; ladite société peut exécuter des services financiers ainsi
qu'établir des garanties pour et au profit des sociétés liées (cf. statuts pour
but complet).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 1.60
2015                   CHF 1.70
2014                   CHF 1.70
2013                   CHF 1.70

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Advanced Aerofoil Technologies GmbH
ORT:  Bayreuth
LAND:  Deutschland
RECHTSFORM:  Ausländische Rechtsform

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Dezember 1932
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
BEWERTUNG:  CHF 0.00 Mio.
HYPOTHEK:  CHF 0.00 Mio.


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 15'644'820.00
LIBIERUNG:  15644820 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  521'494
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 30.00

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  22. September 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 960'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 15'644'820.00

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  12. Januar 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 780'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 960'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Juli 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 630'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 780'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  29. April 2008
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 480'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 630'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. November 2007
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 321'720.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 480'000.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 780'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 960'000.00

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             January 1, 2016 Friday

Barrett offers Irish's Zaire friendly advice;
Buckeyes QB tells injured Alter grad to not rush back.;
FIESTA BOWL NOTES

BYLINE: By David Jablonski

SECTION: ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 414 words


Notre Dame quarterback Malik Zaire, an Alter graduate, is friends with Buckeyes
starter J.T. Barrett. Zaire broke his ankle in the Irish's second game this
season.

SCOTTSDALE, ARIZ. -

Ohio State quarterback J.T. Barrett met Notre Dame quarterback Malik Zaire in
2012 at the Elite 11 quarterback competition. Their relationship grew from
there, and they still talk every three weeks or so.

Zaire visited Barrett in Columbus on fall break a year ago, and the teams meet
in Arizona with No. 7 Ohio State (11-1) playing No. 8 Notre Dame in the Fiesta
Bowl at 1 p.m. today at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale.

When Zaire - who is one of four Alter grads on the Notre Dame roster along with
defensive back Nick Coleman, walk-on tight end Ben Suttman and walk-on defensive
back Chris Finke - suffered a broken ankle in the second game of the season in
September and learned he would miss the season, Barrett offered advice. He
suffered the same injury in the final regular-season game of the 2014 season.

"Main thing I told him is, 'No need to rush anything,'" Barrett said. "You're
going to have a lot of time to recover. At spring ball, if you don't feel you're
ready to go, you still have time. I told him to make sure he goes through rehab,
don't rush back and do anything crazy.

"As far as competition, he had competition with Everett Golson. He did handle
that well in the spring. He had something going along the lines that we did at
Ohio State. I think he'll do a great job if there's a competition next year."

Bosa's leaving: Meyer confirmed the news of running back Ezekiel Elliott and
quarterback Cardale Jones leaving for the NFL draft after the season - both have
already announced their intentions - and also revealed defensive end Joey Bosa
will turn pro as well. Bosa had not officially announced his decision. He's the
highest-rated prospect on the team.

"It is a very good junior class," Meyer said. "I take my hat off to them because
I know what's out there. I know the agents. I know the pressures being put on
them."

Meyer's decisions:

Meyer explained his decision to suspend defensive lineman Adolphus Washington
for this game and not Elliott. Washington was arrested for solicitation after
being caught in a prostitution sting in early December. Elliott was involved in
a traffic accident and received multiple citations.

"One's a traffic violation, "Meyer said, "and one was something more serious."

Contact this reporter at 937-244-7400 or email David. Jablonski@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 5, 2010 Saturday

Alter slips to 2nd in favorite relay;
Knights unable to make up gap after leadoff runner gets boxed in on 2nd lap.

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 485 words


COLUMBUS - Each of Alter High School's four runners sat in stunned silence,
trying to console each other. They had come to the state track and field meet to
win their favorite event, the 3,200-meter relay.

"I think we'll appreciate it more afterward," said junior Rebecca Esselstein
after the Knights finished second to Akron St. Vincent-St. Mary in the only
running event final on Friday, June 4, at Ohio State University's Jesse Owens
Memorial Stadium.

Leadoff runner Ashley Rodgers was boxed in for most of her second lap. By the
time Austin Borton handed off to Esselstein, the Knights were mired in sixth.

Esselstein took the lead in the final straight but tied up in the final meters.
That allowed St. V to bolt ahead, and anchor Olivia Albers couldn't make up the
difference.

Still, Alter (9 minutes, 18.21 seconds) improved by seven seconds from last
week's regional.

The event is a signature race for the Knights. They've placed first or second in
this state race in all but one year since 2004, winning in '04, '07 and '09.

"We ran our best and we can't be disappointed in that. We just didn't win," said
Albers.

BETTER LATE ... Springboro's Carly Hamilton saved her best for last.

Running anchor on the Panthers' 3,200 relay, the junior middle distance standout
zoomed from 11th to fifth (9:23.50).

"That was our goal, to get on the podium," she said. "I knew I had to get some
places."

POOL THERAPY: Fort Loramie junior sensation Janel Olberding blew a tendon in her
left leg in the Redskins' D-IV state semifinal basketball loss to Harvest Prep
in mid-March. She spent the spring rehabbing in a pool and just three weeks ago
had a boot cast removed. Her first race was at district.

Last season at state she was second in the 400 meters and 1,600 relay, third in
the 3,200 relay and eighth in the 200.

"It was disappointing and I'd love to be here in more events," she said after
helping Loramie advance in the 800 relay. "But really, I'm just happy to be back
on the track."

HEALTH WANTED: Miami Valley's girls should get a medal for playing hurt.

Super senior Elaina Cromer is nursing a sore hamstring and shin splints. Shelby
Carpenter has an aggravated hip, and Laura Cooney is coming off a hamstring
pull.

Only Keta Burke-Williams is fully healthy, and she anchored MV to the third-best
finals qualifying time in the D-III 400 relay (49.79).

"There was a lot to overcome just to get here," Burke-Williams said.

AND THEY'RE OFF: The race is on between Versailles and defending D-III girls
state champ Gates Milles Gilmour Academy.

Gilmour opened the meet by winning the 3,200 relay (9:31.30). Versailles was
second (9:35.80).

Last year, Gilmour beat Versailles 73-62 to win the team title in one of the
highest scoring two-team races in meet history. The Tigers' 62 points would have
won every small-school girls state title from 1988-2007.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2381 or mpendleton@ DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Springboro High School's Carly Hamilton competes in the 3,200-meter
relay during the Division I state track and field championships at the Jesse
Owens Memorial Stadium in Columbus on Friday, June 4. The Panthers finished
fifth. Staff photo by Barbara J. Perenic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             July 2, 2009 Thursday

ALTERS-4163977

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 224 words


Donald G. Alters Jr. of Carpentersville A funeral Mass for Donald G. Alters Jr.,
54, will be celebrated at 10 a.m. Saturday, July 4, at St.

Catherine of Siena Catholic Church. Interment will be private. Visitation will
be from 4 to 8 p.m. Friday, at the Miller Funeral Home, West Dundee, and from 9
a.m. until the time of Mass Saturday, at the church. Born April 23, 1955, in
Elgin, the son of the late Donald G. Sr. and Joyce I. (Yeagley) Alters, he died
following a courageous battle with cancer Monday, June 29, 2009, at Provena-St.
Joseph Hospital, surrounded by his family. On May 3, 1986, in Elgin, Donald
married Diane E. Paul. Survivors include his wife, Diane; children, Joshua
(Ruth) Alters of Hoffman Estates, Austin Alters and Logan Alters of
Carpentersville; grandson, Brayden Alters; siblings, Jackie (Charles) Beasley of
Rockford, Julie (Joe) Liss of Algonquin, Diana (Scott) Roesslein of Dundee,
Steve (April) Alters of North Carolina, Larry Alters of Elgin and Alex (Keri)
Alters of Dundee; father-in-law, Richard C. Paul and family; along with many
nieces, nephews and countless good and faithful friends. He was also preceded in
death by his mother-in-law, Mary E. Paul. Memorials may be made in his name to
Faith Food Pantry, 745 Ela Road, Lake Zurich, IL 60047, or Masses would be
appreciated. For information, 847-426-3436.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Wearable tech 2.0 aims to alter mind, body

BYLINE: By Heather Somerville hsomerville@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 851 words


LOS GATOS -- Grandmothers are wearing Fitbit, Jawbone bracelets pack the shelves
of big-box stores and Apple's smartwatch is expected to be one of the most
coveted Christmas gifts this year.

Wearable technology -- wireless-connected gadgets that come in the form of
eyeglasses, bracelets, wristwatches and other small accessories for the body --
have gone from nerdy and outlandish devices to popular purchases for the average
consumer, a sign of how comfortable we have become with tracking our daily
activities, whether it's how well we sleep or how many calories we burn.

Now entrepreneurs are working to push the technology to new heights, creating
gadgets that don't simply collect data on the body but can alter the user's
physical and mental state. It's a largely underexplored area that offers the
potential to alleviate pain and improve brain functionality, but also carries a
host of concerns about whether using startup technology to change our body
chemistry poses unnecessary risks.

Thync, a Los Gatos startup, is launching publicly Tuesday with a device that
sends electricity to the user's nerves to alter their mood and mental state. The
user has two options: become calmer or more energized. The mood-altering fix is
delivered through a Bluetooth-connected headpiece, a strip attached to the neck
or behind the ear to stimulate nerves that emerge directly from the brain, and a
smartphone. Leave your yoga mat or Red Bull at home.

"Are people looking for some sort of stimulant to alter their mental state?
Unequivocally, yes," said Luis Rincon, co-founder and CEO of Wearables.com , a
research and review site. "So there absolutely is a consumer appetite for this,
and that's been the case for millenniums. What's new is we are now entering a
phase where technology can provide that stimulant."

Mind and body manipulation can be scary terrain, but easy-to-use devices such as
Fitbit have paved the way for wearables 2.0. With a growing market and explosion
of new companies -- not to mention the gorilla of consumer electronics storming
onto the scene in April with the Apple Watch -- companies such as Thync are
looking to stand out from the crowd.

"All wearables today are trackers," said Thync co-founder and CEO Isy
Goldwasser. "Our wearable is working in synergy with the body."

Other companies are going a step further to offer medical treatment or therapy.
Massachusetts-based Quell, for instance, sells a wearable that uses electrodes
to provide chronic pain relief for those with fibromyalgia, sciatica, arthritis
and other ailments.

The Consumer Electronics Association predicts 10.8 million wearable devices will
ship in 2015, up from more than 3 million last year. Technology research firm
Gartner predicts that 70 million to 100 million devices will be purchased in
2016. While not yet as ubiquitous as the smartphone, wearables are on their way.

Tech investors have thrown their collective hat in the wearable ring -- to the
tune of $635 million from July 2014 through June 1, according to PitchBook, a
research and data provider. That's a nearly fourfold increase from the previous
year, when VCs invested $172 million in the space.

"That level of investment shows us that it's not just a fad, and it's something
that's going to be around for a long time," Rincon said.

Thync has raised $13 million from investors including Khosla Ventures. Its
founders, Jamie Tyler, a neuroscience expert and Arizona State University
associate professor, and Goldwasser, a longtime tech executive, have spent the
last year and a half testing the device on 3,500 people.

"We spent a very long time trying to beat the placebo effect," Goldwasser said.
"People can put it on and we don't have any doubt that it's working."

They have tracked changes in users' temperature, body chemistry and facial
expressions -- all of which are altered as electrical pulses from an iPhone are
transmitted into the skin and through the nerves that act as superhighways to
the brain. The idea, the founders said, was to give busy people an alternative
to alcohol or Red Bull -- which many professionals use to wind down or rev up.
The device starts at $299.

"Most people don't meditate; most people don't have the time," Tyler said. "It's
sad, but that's the world we live in."

This newspaper tried Thync, finding the "calm" vibrations did indeed have an
effect: Breath slowed, anxiety disappeared, facial tension relaxed and worries
gave way to a still mind. But unlike meditation, the sensation arrived as an
outside force and felt inauthentic, and therefore slightly unnerving. And the
sedateness lasted only briefly -- less than an hour -- perhaps due to keeping
the strength of the electrical stimulation at a minimum. These are, after all,
electronic currents from a cellphone going directly into one's forehead.

"It's probably no more crazy than taking a bunch of supplements that you don't
really know anything about," said Steve Holmes, Intel's vice president of new
devices. "But just to do it recreationally, I would be cautious."

Contact Heather Somerville at 510-208-6413. Follow her at
Twitter.com/heathersomervil .

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dan Wetmore demonstrates the Thync, a bluetooth connected wearable
device that sends electronic pulses to your cranial nerves to either make your
calmer or more energized, depending on your preference, at Thync in Los Gatos,
Calif., on Monday, June 1, 2015. Infrared photography can show how the device
heats up areas of the face and neck. (Jim Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group)
Dan Wetmore demonstrates the Thync, a bluetooth connected wearable device that
sends electronic pulses to your cranial nerves to either make your calmer or
more energized, depending on your preference, at Thync in Los Gatos, Calif., on
Monday, June 1, 2015. An electrode strip goes from the forehead to behind the
ear or neck. (Jim Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group)
Lizi Jeffery demonstrates the Thync, a bluetooth connected wearable device that
sends electronic pulses to your cranial nerves to either make your calmer or
more energized, depending on your preference, at Thync in Los Gatos, Calif., on
Monday, June 1, 2015. The Thync device is controlled through a phone app. (Jim
Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Wearable tech 2.0 aims to alter mind, body

BYLINE: By Heather Somerville hsomerville@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Venture Capital; News; Business

LENGTH: 851 words


LOS GATOS -- Grandmothers are wearing Fitbit, Jawbone bracelets pack the shelves
of big-box stores and Apple's smartwatch is expected to be one of the most
coveted Christmas gifts this year.

Wearable technology -- wireless-connected gadgets that come in the form of
eyeglasses, bracelets, wristwatches and other small accessories for the body --
have gone from nerdy and outlandish devices to popular purchases for the average
consumer, a sign of how comfortable we have become with tracking our daily
activities, whether it's how well we sleep or how many calories we burn.

Now entrepreneurs are working to push the technology to new heights, creating
gadgets that don't simply collect data on the body but can alter the user's
physical and mental state. It's a largely underexplored area that offers the
potential to alleviate pain and improve brain functionality, but also carries a
host of concerns about whether using startup technology to change our body
chemistry poses unnecessary risks.

Thync, a Los Gatos startup, is launching publicly Tuesday with a device that
sends electricity to the user's nerves to alter their mood and mental state. The
user has two options: become calmer or more energized. The mood-altering fix is
delivered through a Bluetooth-connected headpiece, a strip attached to the neck
or behind the ear to stimulate nerves that emerge directly from the brain, and a
smartphone. Leave your yoga mat or Red Bull at home.

"Are people looking for some sort of stimulant to alter their mental state?
Unequivocally, yes," said Luis Rincon, co-founder and CEO of Wearables.com , a
research and review site. "So there absolutely is a consumer appetite for this,
and that's been the case for millenniums. What's new is we are now entering a
phase where technology can provide that stimulant."

Mind and body manipulation can be scary terrain, but easy-to-use devices such as
Fitbit have paved the way for wearables 2.0. With a growing market and explosion
of new companies -- not to mention the gorilla of consumer electronics storming
onto the scene in April with the Apple Watch -- companies such as Thync are
looking to stand out from the crowd.

"All wearables today are trackers," said Thync co-founder and CEO Isy
Goldwasser. "Our wearable is working in synergy with the body."

Other companies are going a step further to offer medical treatment or therapy.
Massachusetts-based Quell, for instance, sells a wearable that uses electrodes
to provide chronic pain relief for those with fibromyalgia, sciatica, arthritis
and other ailments.

The Consumer Electronics Association predicts 10.8 million wearable devices will
ship in 2015, up from more than 3 million last year. Technology research firm
Gartner predicts that 70 million to 100 million devices will be purchased in
2016. While not yet as ubiquitous as the smartphone, wearables are on their way.

Tech investors have thrown their collective hat in the wearable ring -- to the
tune of $635 million from July 2014 through June 1, according to PitchBook, a
research and data provider. That's a nearly fourfold increase from the previous
year, when VCs invested $172 million in the space.

"That level of investment shows us that it's not just a fad, and it's something
that's going to be around for a long time," Rincon said.

Thync has raised $13 million from investors including Khosla Ventures. Its
founders, Jamie Tyler, a neuroscience expert and Arizona State University
associate professor, and Goldwasser, a longtime tech executive, have spent the
last year and a half testing the device on 3,500 people.

"We spent a very long time trying to beat the placebo effect," Goldwasser said.
"People can put it on and we don't have any doubt that it's working."

They have tracked changes in users' temperature, body chemistry and facial
expressions -- all of which are altered as electrical pulses from an iPhone are
transmitted into the skin and through the nerves that act as superhighways to
the brain. The idea, the founders said, was to give busy people an alternative
to alcohol or Red Bull -- which many professionals use to wind down or rev up.
The device starts at $299.

"Most people don't meditate; most people don't have the time," Tyler said. "It's
sad, but that's the world we live in."

This newspaper tried Thync, finding the "calm" vibrations did indeed have an
effect: Breath slowed, anxiety disappeared, facial tension relaxed and worries
gave way to a still mind. But unlike meditation, the sensation arrived as an
outside force and felt inauthentic, and therefore slightly unnerving. And the
sedateness lasted only briefly -- less than an hour -- perhaps due to keeping
the strength of the electrical stimulation at a minimum. These are, after all,
electronic currents from a cellphone going directly into one's forehead.

"It's probably no more crazy than taking a bunch of supplements that you don't
really know anything about," said Steve Holmes, Intel's vice president of new
devices. "But just to do it recreationally, I would be cautious."

Contact Heather Somerville at 510-208-6413. Follow her at
Twitter.com/heathersomervil .

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dan Wetmore demonstrates the Thync, a bluetooth connected wearable
device that sends electronic pulses to your cranial nerves to either make your
calmer or more energized, depending on your preference, at Thync in Los Gatos,
Calif., on Monday, June 1, 2015. Infrared photography can show how the device
heats up areas of the face and neck. (Jim Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group)
Dan Wetmore demonstrates the Thync, a bluetooth connected wearable device that
sends electronic pulses to your cranial nerves to either make your calmer or
more energized, depending on your preference, at Thync in Los Gatos, Calif., on
Monday, June 1, 2015. An electrode strip goes from the forehead to behind the
ear or neck. (Jim Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group)
Lizi Jeffery demonstrates the Thync, a bluetooth connected wearable device that
sends electronic pulses to your cranial nerves to either make your calmer or
more energized, depending on your preference, at Thync in Los Gatos, Calif., on
Monday, June 1, 2015. The Thync device is controlled through a phone app. (Jim
Gensheimer/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday

Knights shooting for right remedy

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 256 words


COLUMBUS - If Alter is to win another girls state basketball title, it'll need
the right antidote.

"Last year we picked our poison, and the poison hurt us," said Knights coach
Chris Hart of a season-ending setback to Hathaway Brown in the 2009 state
basketball semifinals.

"So, this year we're going to have to decide if we're going to pick another
poison and do things a little bit differently."

That's the challenge for Alter (23-2), which advanced to today's 2 p.m. state
championship after dumping Miami Trace 57-46 in Thursday's Division II
semifinals at OSU's Schottenstein Center.

Hathaway Brown (22-4), located in Shaker Heights, advanced by beating Walsh
Jesuit 53-48 in its semifinal.

HB is a deep and talented squad that also was state runner-up in 2007 and '08.
That '08 finals loss was 60-46 to Alter.

Appropriately, Alter and its deep cast of defensive hustlers will be put to
their most severe test of the season.

"Hathaway Brown is loaded," Hart said.

"They have so many different ways that they can hurt you. That would be our
challenge defensively. ... Our kids are such competitors. I believe they will
come out and compete."

Battle of unbeatens

It can't get any better than Middletown Madison vs. Findlay Liberty-Benton in
the D-III championship at 10:45 a.m.

Madison is 27-0; FL-B 26-0.

Only 39 times since the girls state tournament began in 1976 has a team in any
division finished the season undefeated.

"We'd like to be that 40th team," said Liberty-Benton coach Nate Irwin.

Staff Writer Skip Weaver contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 4, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

WAUSAU CAROLS FOR GUINNESS

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE: WAUSAU (AP)


If at first you don't succeed, sing, sing again.

That's what organizers are hoping to do in downtown Wausau on Saturday, when the
city will try to set the Guinness world record for the largest crowd singing
Christmas carols.

To break that record, Wausau will need four times the roughly 2,000 people who
showed up at last year's attempt.

Bob Jones University in Greenville, S.C., holds the record of 7,514 carolers,
set on Dec. 3, 2004.

When people turned out last year, organizers thought they were trying to break
the previous record of 3,837 people set in Medford, Mass., in December 2003.

They didn't know about the Bob Jones University record, which took Guinness one
full year to verify.

Wausau Area Events Executive Director Leah Alters said the record is achievable,
though getting that many people will be tough.

"We have our goal set high," Alters said. "If we break the record, I'll be
ecstatic."

Last year's turnout was lower because some people were upset that the song list
didn't have any traditional Christian songs, she said. The music director added
the tunes of "O' Come All Ye Faithful" and "Silent Night," but by then, people
had been turned off to the event.

This year, Alters asked Wausau churches of all denominations to make suggestions
for the song list. She also asked choirs to take part and said churches are
advertising for the event in their bulletins.

Guinness has certified an application by Wausau Area Events saying it intends to
break the record. No Guinness official will be at the attempt, so volunteers
will make sure every person in the crowd is singing the 10 songs for the entire
20 minutes, a span necessary to break the record.

If enough people turn out, the group must also send Guinness a sign-in sheet
with every participant's name, plus pictures of the crowd and an aerial shot.

Board member Joani Lashua said since the record keeps on growing, this might be
the last time for Wausau to break it. The city would need one of every five
people in town to show up to break the record.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday

Creek hockey piling up tourney titles

BYLINE: Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 461 words


Beavercreek won its third hockey tourney title with a dominating performance at
the Ehrnfelt Tournament at Strongsville last weekend.

The 15-6-1 Beavers repeated as Suburban Press Division champions with a 6-1
defeat of Hamilton Southeastern (Indianapolis). Tourney MVP Lee McClure had five
points in the title game and 19 in four games.

Coach Matt Tramonte's team also won the Frozen Creek and Erie McDowell
championships. Beavercreek also defeated Gahanna Lincoln (10-2), Gateway, Pa.
(5-3) and Kalamazoo, Mich. (4-2).

The Beavers play Alter, Centerville, Troy (twice) and Springboro in succession
in a two-week span starting Saturday. The 15 wins ties a school singleseason
record. The Southwest Ohio High School Hockey League tournament is Feb. 9-12 at
South Metro.

* Centerville's hockey team hasn't been able to get above .500 all season. But
the Elks (12-14) can do so with a sweep of local foes. Centerville plays
Springboro at 8:30 a.m. Friday and 5 p.m. Monday, plus Alter at 5 p.m. Sunday
and Beavercreek at 9:40 p.m. Jan. 27. The first three games are at South Metro,
and the battle with the Beavers is at Kettering Rec Center.

Students will be admitted free to Sunday's Centerville-Alter match by wearing
either school's colors.

- Mark Gokavi

'Fired up'

Centerville has been one of the hottest boys basketball teams in the area. That
helps reflect how good a season Fairmont is having.

The Firebirds started 1-2, but have won eight straight to go 9-2. Among those
are defeats of Northmont (45-42) and Centerville (35-33).

"I'd say the wins over Northmont and Centerville were big," Fairmont's Kyle Molz
said. "They were both close games at the end. We lost a couple close games in
the beginning of the year (57-55 to C-J and 68-56 to Springboro) and I think we
learned from those. We've learned how to win."

Fairmont coach Hank Bias said the team's goals have to do with playing
correctly, not winning. "Our guys are not really the rah-rah guys," Bias said.
"They just go out there and play. But it's more fun to win."

- Mark Gokavi

Extra points

* The Chaminade-Julienne girls soccer team has received the national Soccer
Coaches Association of American and adidas' Team Academic Award for the seventh
straight year. Coach Doug Lehman's Eagles had a combined GPA of 3.83.

* C-J senior volleyball standout Ali Hess signed a national letter of intent to
play at Lincoln (Pa.) University.

* Middletown has invited its boys state championship basketball players from the
1956-58 teams to Saturday's game against visiting Springboro. At 2 p.m.,
returning players will meet students and have a question/ answer session, which
will be open to the public. The players will be introduced at halftime of the
7:30 p.m. game at Wade E. Miller gym. For more info, call (513) 420-4515.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RON ALVEY/DAYTON DAILY NEWS BEAVERCREEK WON in Strongsville last week.
Now Mike Harshberger (above) and his team begin three weeks of play against
local rivals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday

Alter solid all around to win D-II sectional championship;
All five players score between 73 and 81 as Knights edge Oakwood.

BYLINE: By Mark Toerner Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 324 words


DAYTON - Chris Woeste wanted to make something clear Wednesday after leading the
Alter boys golf team to their sixth straight Division II high school sectional
golf title at Kittyhawk Golf Center.

"It's the team that counts," Woeste said. "And this team played great today."

The Knights grinded through windy conditions on the 6,396 yard Hawk course to
post four scores in the 70s. Their team score of 304 earned them a spot in the
D-II district tournament at Weatherwax in Middletown next Thursday. Oakwood
(306), Fenwick (307) and Valley View (319) also qualified for district.

Woeste, a senior, put together an up-and-down round of 73 that included four
birdies and an eagle on the par-5 11th hole.

"I struggled with my putting, but I just kept trying to keep it together,"
Woeste said.

Erik Bramman (75), Chris Riccardella (79), John Muir (77) and Jim Metter (81)
will join Woeste in Alter's bid to reach the state tournament in Columbus for
the first time since 2003.

Oakwood received a pleasant surprise when No. 4 man Andy Yeoman came in with a
73.

"He was the hero of our team today," said teammate Ben Boyer, who shot 76.

Yeoman, who stands 5-foot-5, did his best imitation of Tiger Woods' methodical
victory at the 2006 British Open.

"I've been struggling with my driver lately, so I hit a lot of fairway woods off
the tee and kept the ball in play," Yeoman said.

His recent smart play could help the Lumberjacks fare well next week at
Weatherwax.

Chip-ins

* Defending D-II state champion Jarryd Lentz of Fenwick shot 33 on the front
nine en route to a tournament-best 69.

* Little Miami's Danny Lewis (75), Eaton's Paul Baker (76), Carlisle's Ben
Calvert (77) and Brookville's Michael Day (79) were the individual district
qualifiers not on qualifying teams. Day birdied the second sudden death hole to
advance.

* Valley View senior Austin Smith paced the Spartans with a 1-under 71.

Contact this reporter by e-mail at mtoerner@DaytonDailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter's Chris Woeste shot a team-best round of 73 on a windy Wednesday
at Kittyhawk Golf Center's Hawk course. Alter scored 304, beating Oakwood's 306
and Fenwick's 307. Staff photo by Lisa Powell
Valley View's Austin Smith watches a chip shot Wednesday at Kittyhawk. Smith
shot 1-under-par 71, helping his Spartans qualify for next week's district
tourney. Staff photo by Lisa Powell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            November 24, 2002 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

State title stays at FPC Bulldogs cruise in 3A behind four top-20 finishes

BYLINE: Andrew Mikula Staff Writer

SECTION: D; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 801  words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Flagler Palm Coast repeated its Class 3A state cross country championship with a
strong punch up front Saturday morning at Ed Radice Park, led by top-10 finishes
from senior Sammy Vazquez and junior Bryan Anderson.

The Bulldogs placed four runners in the top 20 and scored 71 points, close to
half of the total of second-place Tampa Plant's 134. Vazquez couldn't catch his
chief 3A rival, Ocala Vanguard's Steven Hassen, after the Knights runner broke
out in the final third of the 5-kilometer race, but did manage to get runner-up
position. Hassen was a repeat individual champion.

He said the team win meant more to him.

"I'm really happy for us as a team," said Vazquez, who raced to 15:45. "Coach
(Peter Hopfe) was kind of nervous before the race, but we've got a good bunch of
guys and I was glad we were able to win the team championship again."

Anderson was ninth, Brandon Anderson 13th and Jon Alter 19th and all four top
runners finished ahead of the No. 2 man for any other team. Clint Bentley, who
missed district and regional competition because of shin splints, scored fifth
for the Bulldogs to seal the win.

FPC was widely favored to win the team championship and got little competition
for it. It's the first time FPC has repeated a team championship in any sport
since the wrestling team won three consecutive titles in the mid 1990s.

Alter, who with Vazquez and Brandon Anderson ran his final state meet as a
senior, said the second championship was more rewarding than the first in some
ways.

"It feels great," said Alter, a team co-captain. "We worked so hard this year, I
think maybe even a little harder than last year. It was a goal to repeat and
even though we're deep, we knew we'd have to work hard to do it. It's also
really great because a lot of us are seniors."

Alter said getting Bentley back in the lineup was a key.

"Clint, he ran great. I was glad to see him back because he's been hurt since
the conference meet three weeks ago," Alter said.

Vazquez said he was quickly aware after his finish that the team was doing well.

"When I turned around and saw we had four in already, I said, `We've killed
it,'" Vazquez said.

The slender Bulldogs runner kept pace with Hassen and a pack of four other
runners chasing Michael Padilla of Pensacola Pine Forest through the first mile.
All caught Padilla, and Hassen and Vazquez broke ahead of the pack in the second
mile, but Hassen poured on the coals coming through a sandy area of the course.

"I was on him most of the way, but when we hit the dirt, I don't know, maybe it
ws more of a mental thing, but he started to pull away. I knew it was going to
come down to the third mile and I knew it was going to come down to me and
Hassen," Vazquez said.

Seabreeze runner Tiffany Urquhart had the best finish among local female
athletes as the only Volusia County runner entered in the Class 2A race. She set
a personal record (20:01) to finish No. 11.

"I had to spit up a lot because I'm getting over a cold," said the Sandcrabs
sophomore, who passed three girls in the final 1,000 meters. "I just run and
hope I can do the best for my team.

"It probably would have been nice to have the whole team here to run with for
moral support."

Three girls teams finished out of the hunt for a team championship, but runners
with all three set personal records. J.D. Vazquez, Sammy Vazquez's younger
sister, led FPC's girls to a ninth- place finish in the Class 3A race. She beat
her best by a minute and cried talking about the finish to her race.

"I was just looking at the time (coming through the finish chute) and I was
thinking 'My God, I can't be finishing at this time,'" she said.

Carolyn Corybons led DeLand in the Class 4A girls race. She said the chilly
weather (temperatures in the low 50s to start the meet) was a factor for her,
but she actually was fresh after passing out at the finish of three previous
races.

"We were so happy to make it here," said Corybons, one of two seniors on the
team. "We edged out Winter Springs by four points and they won their district."

Mainland's Tara Marumoto said she felt comfortable on the course and the
sophomore was third on her team with a 22:09 personal record.

"I felt better than I have in awhile. I was so close to breaking 22," she said.

Keith Moody of Spruce Creek and Deltona's Brian McLellan were disappointed in
themselves. Running as individuals in the boys Class 4A event, both got jammed
in a pack of runners early and couldn't get themselves into a pace. McLellan ran
with a cast on his left arm and said "it felt like I was carrying five batons"
through the race.

"I got caught behind a bunch of runners through the first mile and kind of got
pinched coming through the turns," Moody said. "I've got two more years of
running, but you want to take anything you can get."

andy.mikula@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 3 PHOTOS
Caption: Photo 1: Above, Flagler Palm Coast senior Sammy Vazquez (1153) moves
his way through the pack Saturday during the Class 3A state meet in Tampa. Photo
2: Top, FPC's Bryan Anderson works his way to a ninth-place finish as the
Bulldogs defend their state title. Photo 3: Seabreeze's Tiffany Urquhart
finishes in 11th place Saturday in the Class 2A state cross country meet in
Tampa. Urquhart was the top local girls finisher. News-Journal photos/BRIAN
MYRICK

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Amazon, in the Material World

BYLINE: By ALEXANDRA ALTER and NICK WINGFIELD

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1231 words


This week, Amazon revealed the location of its second brick-and-mortar
bookstore, which will open in a few months in Southern California, at a mall
near the University of California, San Diego. The online retailer seems to have
big ambitions for its physical stores.

On Wednesday, Nick Wingfield, who covers Amazon for The New York Times, visited
the only Amazon bookstore in existence, in the University Village mall in
Seattle. From inside the store, he had an online chat with Alexandra Alter, who
writes about publishing for The Times. They discussed Amazon's strategy and how
the retailer's stores differ from other bookstores. Here's what they had to say:

ALEXANDRA ALTER: Hi Nick! You're reporting live from the mother ship! What's it
like?

NICK WINGFIELD: The best part is, I just tested the free Wi-Fi and it's 114
Mbps, easily the fastest I've ever gotten. Thank you, Jeff Bezos!

ALEXANDRA: Great, so you can just buy stuff from the Amazon website while you're
sitting in the store. Unlike Barnes & Noble, I bet Amazon doesn't mind if people
browse in its store then go buy it online.

NICK: Exactly. Here's the deal: At first glance, it looks like an ordinary but
nice Barnes & Noble store. It's clean and well-lit and corporate. It doesn't
have the charm of a funky used-bookstore. Once you start poking around the
shelves, you notice the differences.

ALEXANDRA: How is the selection different? How are the sections organized?

NICK: They have 5,000 to 6,000 book titles, fewer than what you would find at a
big Barnes & Noble. All of the books are arranged cover out, rather than spine
out, in the belief that it makes browsing more friendly. I am so buying that
''Boho Crochet'' book.

ALEXANDRA: Ha, I see Amazon is going big on adult coloring books -- smart move
since those have taken over the best-seller list on the website. Can you check
something out for me? I heard that the store has a shelf of books recommended by
Jeff Bezos. Is his wife MacKenzie's novel there?

NICK: I'll go look now.

O.K., I'm back. You were right! He does recommend his wife's book. He discloses
his conflict of interest. But still ...

ALEXANDRA: Lucky guess. What else is he recommending?

NICK: Kazuo Ishiguro's ''The Remains of the Day'' and ''Seveneves'' by the
science-fiction writer Neal Stephenson, who incidentally used to work for
Bezos's space exploration company, Blue Origin.

ALEXANDRA: A man of diverse literary tastes. Here's another thing I'm curious
about. A lot of people in the publishing industry were worried when they heard
Amazon planned to open bookstores, in part because they assumed Amazon would
heavily promote books published through its own imprints. Amazon has had trouble
getting those books into brick-and-mortar bookstores, which don't want to sell
books by its No. 1 competitor. But I've heard that the Amazon bookstore doesn't
carry many Amazon Publishing titles. Is that how it looks to you?

NICK: I just asked a store employee and was told there's no dedicated section
for Amazon-published titles, though some of them are sprinkled around the store.
There is, however, a small table near the front window called ''Books That
Inspired Amazon Originals'' -- that is, Amazon-produced TV series and movies.
Philip K. Dick's ''The Man in the High Castle'' is there. That's corporate
synergy at work.

ALEXANDRA: It's like advertising for their shows, but they can sell the
advertising. Here's my biggest question about the bookstore. Amazon already has
a huge market share of physical book sales through its website, 60 percent, by
some estimates. So why does it need physical stores at all?

NICK: Amazon, officially, won't tell you much about the motivations for doing
bricks-and-mortar. But what I gather from my reporting is they have a lot of
ideas about how physical retailing can be improved, ideas that come from their
data-centric approach to online retailing. There is also a serendipity to book
shopping offline that's hard to replicate online.

By the way, I just saw a customer walking around with a copy of Donald Trump's
''The Art of the Deal.'' I don't know if he's purchasing it ironically.

ALEXANDRA: An ironic purchase is still a purchase. I bet Trump and Amazon would
agree on that.

So, some Amazon skeptics have suggested that books are just going to be
window-dressing and what Amazon really wants is a place to showcase its digital
devices. Is there a prominent area for Amazon devices?

NICK: Electronics, most of them made by Amazon, like Echo and Fire TV, are the
nucleus of the store. They're spread out on tables and stands so you can fiddle
with them just like you can fiddle with iPads at the Apple Store a short hop
from here.

Knowledgeable people tell me that Amazon views its physical stores as an
important way to introduce the public to new, unfamiliar devices. Techies might
be comfortable buying a device like the Echo online -- a speaker and virtual
assistant for the home -- but a lot of people will want to see it in the flesh
first. That said, I don't think Amazon stores would have saved the Fire Phone,
the Amazon smartphone that belly-flopped. I should also say that books are not
necessarily going to be the focus of all of the stores it opens in the future.
Amazon intends to experiment.

ALEXANDRA: Interesting. What else do you think it might sell in physical stores?
Clothing? Pets? This is a company that delivers groceries and paper towels,
makes award-winning television shows and wants to send tourists into space, so
the possibilities seem pretty vast.

NICK: I've heard food is one of the things they're considering.

ALEXANDRA: One of the biggest questions right now is how many stores Amazon will
open, and how quickly. A business professor speaking at a digital publishing
conference this week speculated that it might open ''thousands'' of stores.
There have been wild rumors that have sent other booksellers into a panic. What
are you hearing?

NICK: ''Thousands'' is a ludicrous number, at least in the short term. I've
heard ''dozens.'' Keep in mind that about 15 years after Apple opened its first
store, it has fewer than 500 of them.

ALEXANDRA:Still, even if the ambitions are modest in the short term, booksellers
are definitely nervous about Amazon's entry into physical retail. Independent
bookstores are actually thriving right now, in part because sales of print books
have stabilized and e-book sales are down. Publishing experts say physical
stores are still the No. 1 way to drive discovery of books. And as you said,
people still like browsing for books in stores. They like the serendipity of it.
But if Amazon gains ground in brick and mortar retail, independents will lose
their biggest advantage.

Are people are in there browsing right now?

NICK: It's lunchtime on a weekday and there is no food for sale in the store, so
there are not many people. The biggest question I have is, are malls the best
place for these stores? It feels like a busy urban shopping area with lots of
foot traffic might work better.

ALEXANDRA: Nick, sorry to send you on another scavenger hunt, but can you check
to see if Brad Stone's ''The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of
Amazon'' is on the shelves? MacKenzie Bezos didn't like the book; she blasted it
in a one-star review on Amazon.

NICK: Wow, I just found it. They put it out of sight on a bottom shelf, but it's
there.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/12/business/media/a-virtual-trip-through-amazons-
physical-store.html

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Besides books, the Amazon store heavily emphasizes digital,
prominently displaying devices, like the Echo and Fire TV.
 The books are displayed cover out, rather than spine out, making it easier to
browse. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MICHAEL HANSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 21, 2013 Thursday

Teen will join traveling band;
Alter contra tuba player to join drum and bugle corps.

BYLINE: ByAdele Koehnen

SECTION: SOUTH DAYTON; Pg. OZSD4

LENGTH: 282 words


CENTERVILLE - Eagle Scout A.J. Stueve began his scouting career as a Cub in the
first grade at Incarnation School in Centerville with Troop 530. In fifth grade,
he became a Scout and continued into high school at Alter.

"His Eagle Scout project was the design of two carts to move musical instruments
from the band room to the trailer," said Todd Tucker, Alter High School band
director. "A contra tuba player, A.J. would naturally think of a project having
to do with music."

When brochures about Blue Stars Drum and Bugle Corps came across Tucker's desk,
Stueve was interested.

"I encouraged him to contact a few corps and follow directions on how to apply,"
Tucker said. "The Blue Stars accepted him and he seems happy with their setup
and agenda."

The Blue Stars is a competitive drum and bugle corp that is based out of La
Crosse, Wis.

Stueve will join the group of 150 brass, percussion and color guard members on
May 24 to attend spring training in Forest City, Iowa, to learn the show.

From June 21 to Aug. 10, he will travel almost 9,000 miles by bus to perform in
14 states. The final competition will be the DCI World Championship at Lucas Oil
Stadium in Indianapolis.

"We travel in a large motorcoach and will perform at 35 different cities across
the country," Stueve said.

"The last stop is Aug. 8 in Indianapolis. That and a stop in Columbus are the
closest we'll come to Dayton."

Stueve is the son of Kurt and Patty Stueve of Centerville.

Since parents are encouraged to join the motorcoach to help with the cooking and
other domestic chores, Patty Stueve is already planning which week and at which
city she'll volunteer.

Contact this contributing writer at Adeleauk4737@sbc global.net.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 25, 2008 Sunday

Clinton-Massie sprinter wins big in 100, 200;
Skylar Dooley credits explosive starts off the starting blocks and improved
running techniques for fast times at district meet.

BYLINE: By Dave Long Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 398 words


DAYTON - Skylar Dooley was the unofficial most impressive runner Saturday, May
24, in the Dayton Division II district high school track and field meet at
Welcome Stadium.

The senior sprinter from Clinton-Massie was without peer in creating a buzz in
the venue. He was long gone in the boys 100 and 200 meters before most of the
other finalists were out of their starting blocks.

He won the 100 in 10.74 seconds while teammate C.J. Klein was in another time
zone, running 11.16 to finish second. The 200 was even more of a walk with
Dooley winning in 21.73. Alter's Juanito Davalos was a distant second in 23.03,
and Chaminade-Julienne's Travis Jackson - fifth at state last year - was third
in 23.10.

Dooley was fourth last year at state in the 100 in 11.14 and anchored the
winning 400 relay team. "Last year, I couldn't break 11 seconds in the 100 and
maybe got 22.2 in the 200," he said. "I'm a little stronger than last year, but
mostly I'm paying attention to details.

"We work about 20 minutes a day on my starts, and I'm really exploding out of
the blocks. I'm keeping my head still this year. Last year, I looked like a
bobblehead when I ran. I'm driving my arms more all the way through the race."

Dooley is headed for Hillsdale, a Division II college in Michigan, on a track
scholarship. "I don't know if my times are good enough to win state or not,"
said. "I'm just happy to run 10.7 and 21.7 and move on to the regional. It shows
all the detail work is paying off."

* Jackson did repeat as the champion in the boys 400 meters in 50.77. He also
ran in the second-place 400 relay (44.56 to Clinton-Massie's 43.59) and the
winning 800 relay (1:30.91). C-J won the team title with 104 points to Alter's
90.

Chris Borland repeated as the shot put champion for Alter with a throw of 56
feet. Last year he won in 51-11?. Jake Streibel was Alter's only other
individual winner, taking the 300 hurdles (40.60). The Knights also won the
1,600 (3:26.50) and 3,200 (8:21.89) relays.

* Alter (136 points) claimed the girls team title as it did last year, with
Oakwood (92.5) second. Those winning district titles for the second straight
year for the Knights were Megan Thuney in the 100 (12.74), Hillary Esselstein in
the 1,600 (5:14.32), Meghan Waterman in the high jump (5-feet, 4-inches) and
Holley Mangold in the shot put (40-8).

Contact this writer at (937) 225-2251 or dlong@daytondailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Zero tolerance for alter ego;
 Alex Ebert tells Harvey Rae  why he's dropping his Edward Sharpe character. ;
 -----QUOTE----

SECTION: TOD; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 391  words


A lex Ebert is in the process of killing off his alter ego, Edward Sharpe. Not
unlike many famous rockers before him, Ebert created a fanciful, messianic
figure that helped him reinvent himself.

Based on a story he wrote about a character sent to Earth to save mankind who
instead gets distracted by girls, it helped him find a voice again after going
into rehab at age 30.

"The alter ego was sort of a joke," Ebert says from New York. "But what happened
was people started thinking I was performing as an alter ego onstage, when in
fact the reverse is true.

"If I'm going to have a good performance I need to drop the mask I wear as a
normal person to protect me from my own social anxiety. A performer is only
trying to transcend their inhibitions so they can access the most powerful
iteration of themselves."

In time, Ebert began deconstructing the myth. However, unlike Bowie's Ziggy
Stardust or McCartney's Sgt. Pepper, Ebert named a band after his creation, not
just an album. And thanks to instant success via 2010 breakthrough single Home,
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros became a little harder to shake.

On PersonA, their best album yet and a collection worthy of the "reinvention"
tag, he has literally put a line through the "Edward Sharpe and" part of the
band's name.

Does this mean the next album will simply be from the Magnetic Zeros?

"I'm toying with that," the 37-year-old admits. "I'm throwing it out there. I
mean, I like the ambiguity of not knowing what the hell my name is.

"I read some quote by Rihanna (after she was asked whether she) would play with
Taylor Swift, and she was like 'I don't think our brands match'," he laughs.

"I can't really flow with that much consumer-minded s...."

The inner hippy in Ebert is strong, exemplified by his band's Big Sun
not-for-profit. Originally from Los Angeles and now based in New Orleans, he has
already contributed to funding and developing the Avalon Village co-op in
Detroit.

"That's my whole thing," he says, clearly excited.

"That's the big sword people wield against capitalist encroachment, desecration
of culture and neighbourhoods to me. Doing righteous s... makes you feel a bit
better about singing righteous s...."

'If I'm

going to have a

good performance

I need to drop the mask I wear as a normal person to protect me from

my own social

anxiety.'

PersonA  is out tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Najarian's late goal lifts Carroll past Alter;
HIGH SCHOOL SOCCER

BYLINE: By Marc Pendleton

SECTION: ; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 537 words


Carroll's Justin Dirksen is first to the loose ball in the Patriots' 1-0 win
over Alter in a Division II regional semifinal at Centerville on Wednesday
night.

CENTERVILLE - Fielding a youthful and mostly untested lineup, Carroll boys
soccer coach Scott Molfenter longed for the Patriots to earn a signature
victory. It doesn't get any more significant than Wednesday night's 1-0 defeat
of rival Alter.

"We're not a real old team but I think we grew up (against Alter)," Molfenter
said.

Carroll junior Cameron Najarian converted a nifty setup by David Austria to
break a defensive struggle with 13:24 remaining and it held up in a Division II
regional semifinal at Centerville's Legacy Field before about 2,500 spectators.

The clutch win vaults Carroll (17-4-0) into Saturday's regional final against
Wyoming (16-3-2) at noon at a site to be determined. Wyoming also advanced on
Wednesday by defeating Columbus Bishop Hartley 2-1 in two overtimes at Wright
State University.

Coincidentally, Carroll's girls soccer team also earned a spot in a D-II
regional final, beating Oakwood 1-0 on Tuesday at Xenia. Carroll's girls play
Indian Hills at Monroe at 3 p.m. Saturday.

It's the first time Carroll's boys and girls teams have qualified for the
regional finals in the same season. The winners advance to the state final four.

Alter (16-3-1) has been dominated by Carroll the last decade but earned its
signature win with a 2-0 regular-season defeat of the Patriots.

Both teams were looking forward to a rematch and got it.

Locked in a defensive duel, one goal figured to be enough to decide this game
and it was. Carroll took its first legitimate shot just three minutes before
Najarian delivered.

"I'm going to be honest; I don't even remember what happened," Najarian said.
"It was a great ball from Dave Austria and I just put it away."

Carroll goalkeeper Ben Wourms, a sophomore, posted his fourth shutout in five
tourney games, allowing one goal in that span.

"I'm sick and tired of losing to Carroll over the last 10 years, but that's part
of life," Alter coach Bob Ellis said. "They flipped one in and I wish them good
luck and hope they keep going and bring (a state title) back to Dayton. We were
hoping to be the one to do that and it didn't happen."

Moeller 2, Beaver-creek 1 (OT): Jake Taylor tallied an unassisted goal for the
Beavers, but Cincinnati Moeller answered in the first OT. A change in rules this
season awards a team an OT victory on the first goal in the first OT period.
Previously, only the second OT was sudden victory.

Moeller (9-5-7) plays Mason (18-0-2) in Saturday's D-I regional final. Mason
advanced by defeating Cincinnati Elder 5-2. Beavercreek ends its season 15-2-4.

Cin. Summit Country Day 6, Greeneview 0: The Rams (16-3-1) held Summit (17-3-0)
scoreless for 30 minutes then fell in a D-III regional semifinal at Lebanon.
SCD, a D-III state champion in 2012-13, also beat Greeneview 5-1 in the regular
season.

Summit plays for its fourth straight state tournament appearance in the regional
final at noon Saturday against Cincinnati Country Day. CCD defeated Roger Bacon
2-0 in the other D-III regional semi.

Contact this reporter at

937-225-2381 or email

Marc.Pendleton@coxinc.com

Twitter: @MarcPendleton

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 29, 2009 Saturday

Knights run over Firebirds;
Triple option produces 258 rushing yards; five takeaways turn tight game into
rout for defending D-IV state champions.

BYLINE: By Doug Harris Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 288 words


KETTERING - Alter may have lost nearly half of its starters from last year's
state championship team, but the holdovers showed they're capable of performing
some dazzling deeds themselves.

The Knights turned five takeaways - four interceptions and a fumble recovery -
into touchdowns, and their defense shook off a wobbly first quarter to assert
its dominance in a 47-21 win over Fairmont in the Dayton Daily News Game of the
Week Friday.

Justin Winters galloped for 105 yards and three TDs on 10 carries, and Cody
Taulbee picked up 52 yards and three scores on nine lugs.

Alter tried just two passes but tripledoptioned its way to 258 rushing yards.

"Anytime you can win the Fairmont game, you're real pleased," Alter coach Ed
Domsitz said. "The seniors have worked hard. They all want to let people know,
as good as we were last year, we're still pretty good."

Fairmont fans probably should wait another week before judging the Firebirds,
who were playing short-handed because of injuries and disciplinary issues.

Coach Brian Blevins wouldn't discuss the offfield problems, saying only that six
or seven starters were sidelined.

"I'm not going to make any excuses," he said. "Out there, a lot of people know
we had to overcome some adversity this week. ... I guarantee you next week
you're going to see a different team."

Three interceptions led to a trio of TDs for the Knights in just under two
minutes late in the first half.

The flurry began when safety Cody Byers fleeced Fairmont sophomore QB Nick
Bower. The Knights scored eight plays later, taking their first lead at 21-14.

Jack Bolek and Nolan Plate then followed with their own momentum-fueling picks.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2125 or at dharris@DaytonD ailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Alter quarterback Zane Pitzer scored on a 20-yard touchdown run in the
first quarter and directed an offense that had no turnovers in the Knights'
47-21 win. Staff photo by Jan Underwood

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             October 7, 2005 Friday

State-bound Fenwick feels right at home in tournament;
Alter, Oakwood miss cut in district round

BYLINE: By Ron Jackson rjackson@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 491 words


MIDDLETOWN - Golfers from Alter and Oakwood walked off the Weatherwax Golf
Course with one thing in common. A frown. They had problems maintaining their
tradition. Both schools missed the cut in the Southwest District Division II
Tournament in Middletown. Alter brought plenty of momentum from its recent
triumphs in the Greater Catholic League North Division and the Dayton
sectionals, but struggled to a sixthplace finish (326). Oakwood couldn't get
untracked, either, finishing fourth with a 323.

"Our big guns were silenced today, but there are no excuses," said Alter coach
Jim Rue. "We came in well-prepared and it just didn't happen for us."

Adding to the Knights' frustration, Erik Bramman lost in a sudden-death playoff
after posting a 76 on the par-72, 6,655-yard Meadows and Valley View layouts.
Joe McGeean of Springfield Northwestern won the four-man playoff for a state
individual berth with a birdie on the second hole.

Four penalty strokes and a disqualification could not prevent resilient Fenwick
from locking up a state berth with a second-place finish to Wyoming (319 to the
Cowboys' eye-popping 303). After a great season and winning the Mid-Miami League
for the first time in two decades, Fenwick hasn't let up. The Falcons are bound
for Lockbourne and the Foxfire Golf Club, the temporary site of the 78th annual
state tournament Oct. 14-15. Nobody is playing at a higher level than Falcons
ace Jarryd Lentz who fired a 74, finishing two strokes behind medalist Kurt
Henthorn of Wyoming. Lentz and the Falcons didn't spend time dwelling on their
frustrations - one player was penalized four strokes for having an extra club
and another had a scorecard error and was disqualified. They took advantage of
the familiarity of playing on their home course. Many of their opponents players
had problems adjusting to the fast, firm greens at Weatherwax.

"The faster, the better," said Lentz who qualified as an individual last year
with teammate Andrew Moore. "I missed eight putts inside of 15 feet so my putter
let me down a little. I hope I saved some of them for state. It's a comfortable
feeling knowing my teammates will be there. Quite honestly, we deserve to go
because of all our hard work."

Augmenting Lentz were Moore (81), Ben Richardson (78) and Mike Mosko (86).

In Division III Lehman Catholic qualified with a 324, finishing behind champion
Seven Hills at 313. Leading the Cavs' charge were Nate Fridley (78), Mike Flock
(79), Peter Berlekamp (81) and Mike Shoenfelt (86).

Anna's Justin Watren's survived a three-man playoff to earn a state berth. He
carded a 75. Riverside's Perry Kauppinen earned medalist with an impressive 72,
including two eagles on par-5's.

"I adjusted to the greens, hitting the putts softer and playing more break,"
said Watren, the Shelby County Player of the Year. "Making that 16-foot putt on
the first playoff hole didn't hurt. My short game carried me all day."

Contact Ron Jackson at (513) 696-4543

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jarryd Lentz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 27, 2009 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

BYLINE: By JEANNETTE CATSOULIS

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; FILM IN REVIEW; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 279 words


THE PERFECT SLEEP

Opens on Friday in New York and Portland, Ore.

Directed by Jeremy Alter

1 hour 46 minutes

Easy on the eyes but brutal on the ears, ''The Perfect Sleep'' fuses
Shakespearean tragedy and noir iconography into a strange, lovely, leaden ball
of confusion. Attempting a mythic tale of warring dynasties and ancient grudges,
the director, Jeremy Alter, wavers between homage and parody. But you can't look
at something sideways while placing it on a pedestal: that's how you break your
neck.

Perpetually on the verge of doing just that is the movie's brooding antihero
(Anton Pardoe, who also wrote the inflamed script), an unnamed assassin sucked
back into his former life by a head-shaking plot and an imperiled honey (Roselyn
Sanchez, more forlorn than fatale). Propelled by multiple flashbacks, his own
lugubrious voice-over and an endless succession of pummelings, our man traverses
grandly echoing locations and confrontations so static they could be
freeze-frames.

Yet there's something so magnificently ominous -- and fearsomely ambitious -- in
his quest that one wishes the filmmakers had played it straight. Awash in
self-awareness, the movie's justifiably preening cinematography (by Charles
Papert) is too often degraded by dialogue that  isn't so much hard-boiled as it
is soft-poached.

''Are we safe at this speed?'' coos a Veronica Lake-styled tootsy while
stripping for a drooling cop. Her director should know that dialogue like that
is unsafe at any speed. JEANNETTE CATSOULIS

''The Perfect Sleep'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult
guardian). Arteries are sliced, lungs pierced and bosoms fleetingly flashed.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Roselyn Sanchez and Anton Pardoe in ''The Perfect Sleep,''
directed by Jeremy Alter.(PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL ROBERTS/CINEMA EPOCH)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                               Inalp Networks AG;

                                  Meriedweg 7
                           Niederwangen b. Bern 3172
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  12. März 1999
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Morgenstrasse 129, Bern
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Meriedweg 7, Niederwangen b.B.

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
TELEFON: 0319852525
TELEFAX: 0319852526
INTERNET: www.inalp.com
E-MAIL: info@inalp.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 406631967

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
GEGRÜNDET: 1998
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 03.03.1998
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 10


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  26. August 2015

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Robert Read Patton
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Gaithersburg USA
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Andreas Danuser
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Gebenstorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Landquart, Pontresina


NAME:  Dr. Anton Heinrich Bucher
ORT:  Küsnacht ZH
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Luzern
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 30.09.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Thomas Keller
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 08.10.2002 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  lic.oec. Marcel Rütsche
ORT:  Tann
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Kirchberg SG
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 30.09.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Thomas Siegrist
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meisterschanden
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 13.03.2008 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Richard Stüdi
ORT:  Jegenstorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Deitingen, Grenchen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 30.09.2004 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Ing. Franz Vonlanthen
ORT:  Düdingen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Alterswil
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als VR. Gem. HR-Publikation vom 26.07.2001 ist
er/sie ausgeschieden.



WEITERE ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGTE:
NAME:  Ing. Peter Burkhalter
ORT:  Oleyres (Avenches)
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Seeberg

NAME:  Ramon Felder
ORT:  Müntschemier
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Hitzkirch


NAME:  Anita Leimer
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Bettlach


NAME:  Patrick Ramer
ORT:  Zollikofen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Walenstadt


NAME:  Franziska Schiess
ORT:  Seftigen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Langnau im Emmental, Herisau


NAME:  Peter Egli
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
03.10.2005 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Christian David Häberli
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Münchenbuchsee, Zürich


NAME:  Ing. Heinz Herren
ORT:  Zollikofen
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Lurtigen
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
27.02.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Lic.rer.pol. Daniel Kusio
ORT:  Muri b. Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Meinisberg
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
30.09.2004 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Peter Schmid
ORT:  Dättwil AG
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  IllnauEffretikon
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
27.02.2001 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.


NAME:  Stephan Wiederkehr
ORT:  Blonay
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  unbekannt
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Dietikon
BEMERKUNGEN:  Er/Sie fungierte als Kadermitglied. Gem. HR-Publikation vom
18.01.2002 ist er/sie ausgeschieden.

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Erwartungsgemäss
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
62010 - Programmierungstätigkeiten
62020 - Erbringung von Beratungsleistungen auf dem Gebiet der Informati
721 - Forschung und Entwicklung im Bereich Natur-, Ingenieur-, Agrarwi

   Die Gesellschaft bezweckt die Forschung und die Entwicklung von Produkten für
integrierte Datennetzwerke. Sie bezweckt weiter den weltweiten Vertrieb von
Produkten für integrierte Datennetzwerke unter der Bezeichnung 'Patton-Inalp
Networks'. Sie kann sich an anderen Firmen des In- und Auslandes, welche
gleiche, entsprechende oder ähnliche Zwecke verfolgen, beteiligen, solche Firmen
pachten oder übernehmen sowie alle Geschäfte durchführen, die mit dem
Gesellschaftszweck direkt oder indirekt im Zusammenhang stehen oder ihn zu
fördern geeignet sind, insbesondere auch Franchising-, Kooperations-, Leasing-
oder ähnliche Verträge abschliessen sowie Anlagen jeglicher Art tätigen. Sie
kann im In- und Ausland Zweigniederlassungen errichten und betreiben sowie
Grundstücke kaufen, im Baurecht übernehmen, verwalten und verkaufen oder im
Baurecht abgeben und dingliche Rechte an Grundstücken begründen.

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                   CHF 4.10
2015                   CHF 4.10

* * * * * * * * * * GESELLSCHAFTER * * * * * * * * * *

LIIERUNG:
NAME:  Feral Travel AG
ORT:  Ittigen
LAND:  Schweiz
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  7. April 1999
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00
 AMTLICHE NEGATIVMITTELUNG:
SPERRBEZEICHNUNG:  Aufforderung gemäss HRegv

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Brand AG Treuhand und Revision
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  2. Februar 2006
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 100'000.00

NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Bern
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Dezember 1932
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Bern



KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 708'888.95
LIBIERUNG:  100% liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  833'987
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.85

KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. Juli 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Reduktion
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'339'870.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 708'888.95

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  14. Januar 2003
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'200'570.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'339'870.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Juli 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'702'070.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 8'200'570.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  18. Januar 2002
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'525'570.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'702'070.00


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  13. Dezember 2001
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'100'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 7'528'570.00


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  18. August 1998
ALTES DOMIZIL:  Netengines AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Inalp Networks AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Schweiz. Verband Creditreform S.V.C.
                      Creditreform Schweizer Firmenprofile

                                5. Februar 2017

                                 HouseTrip AG;

                              avenue du Théâtre 7
                                 Lausanne 1005
                              Schweiz/Switzerland


ADDRESSENÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  1. Juli 2016
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne

DATUM:  10. April 2012
LETZTES DOMIZIL:  Le Mont-sur-Lausanne
NEUES DOMIZIL:  Lausanne

* * * * * * * * * * KOMMUNIKATION * * * * * * * * * *
INTERNET: www.housetrip.com
E-MAIL: info@housetrip.com

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENKENNZEICHEN * * * * * * * * * *
CREFO-NR: 420279964

* * * * * * * * * * FIRMENINFO * * * * * * * * * *
RECHTSSTATUS: Aktiengesellschaft / Handelsregistereintrag: 09.06.2009
BESCHÄFTIGTE: 16


LETZTE ÄNDERUNG IM HANDELSREGISTER:  1. Juli 2016
 AKTIONÄRE: Angaben nicht öffentlich zugänglich
ZWEIGNIEDERL.: es bestehen keine
BETEILIGUNG(EN): es bestehen keine
TYPE DE CLIENTÈLE: Internautes
RAYON D'ACTIVITÉ: International

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSFUEHRUNG * * * * * * * * * *

VERWALTUNGSRAT:
NAME:  Laurent Besso
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Féchy
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Zürich

NAME:  Matthew Craig Strathdee
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Londres (Royaume-Uni)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Australien


NAME:  Joseph Carmen De Angelo
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Boston (Etats-Unis)
LAND:  Vereinigte Staaten
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  USA


NAME:  Arnaud Bertrand
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Philippe Botteri
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Londres (Royaume-Uni)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich


NAME:  Timothy Brian Bunting
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Hook
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  Junjun Chen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Le Mont-sur-Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  China


NAME:  Sonali de Rycker
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Londres (Royaume-Uni)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Grossbritannien


NAME:  George Hadjigeorgiou
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Londres (Royaume-Uni)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Griechenland


NAME:  Laurent Rigoli
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Echichens
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Chalais


NAME:  Neil Rimer
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Vésenaz
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  ChêneBougeries


NAME:  Michael Franciscus van Swaaij
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  Lugano
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  PaysBas



DIREKTION:
NAME:  Tracey Meidi Zhen
STELLUNG:  Direktor
ORT:  Londres (Royaume-Uni)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Einzelunterschrift
NATIONALITÄT:  USA

NAME:  Stephan Wiesener
STELLUNG:  Generaldirektor
ORT:  Munich
LAND:  Deutschland
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Deutschland


NAME:  Junjun Chen
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Le Mont-sur-Lausanne
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  China


NAME:  Dominik Suter
STELLUNG:  Mitglied
ORT:  Oberrohrdorf
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Schweiz
BÜRGERORT:  Rapperswil/BE


GENERALDIREKTION:
NAME:  Arnaud Bertrand
STELLUNG:  Präsident
ORT:  London (GB)
LAND:  Grossbritannien
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  Kollektivunterschrift zu zweien
NATIONALITÄT:  Frankreich

* * * * * * * * * * GESCHAEFTSTAETIGKEIT * * * * * * * * * *


Lors de la conversation téléphonique du 23.06.2010, M. Bertrand indique que,
bien que la société soit inscrite au registre du commerce depuis le
09.06.2009, ses activités ont réellement débuté début 2010.
Votre demandée
est une plateforme Internet pour les locations de vacances avec une priorité
sur les grandes villes. HouseTrip porpose aux propriétaires d'appartements de
tourisme, de chambres d'hôte et de maison d'hôte de lister leur propriété
gratuitement sur le site. A chaque fois qu'un voyageur/locataire fait une
demande de réservation avec sa carte de crédit, le propriétaire a 36 heures
pour accpeter la réservation.

GESCHÄFTSGANG:  Zufriedenstellend. Geschäftsgang
ENTWICKLUNG:  Konstante Geschäftsentwicklung
EXPORTANTEIL:  0

* * * * * * * * * * BRANCHE * * * * * * * * * *
BRANCHEN:
64990 - Investmentgesellschaften
68100 - Kauf und Verkauf von eigenen Grundstücken, Gebäuden und Wohnung
N - ERBRINGUNG VON SONSTIGEN WIRTSCHAFTLICHEN DIENSTLEISTUNGEN

   la société a pour but l'acquisition, le financement et la gestion de
participations dans d'autres sociétés ainsi que le financement d'autres sociétés
qui lui sont affiliées, à l'exclusion de celles prohibées par la LFAIE; ainsi
que l'acquisition, l'exploitation et la gestion de droits de propriété
intellectuelle (pour but complet cf. statuts).

* * * * * * * * FINANZDATEN * * * * * * * *




UMSATZ
JAHR              UMSATZ (Mio.)
2016                  CHF 12.00
2015                  CHF 13.00
2014                  CHF 13.00
2013                  CHF 13.00

BEMERKUNGEN:  Branchenüblicher Jahresumsatz lt. Schätzung. Umsatzzahlen werden
nicht veröffentlicht.

* * * * * * * * * * DIENSTLEISTUNGSFIRMEN * * * * * * * * * *

REVISIONSSTELLE:
NAME:  Opting out
STELLUNG:  opting out
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift

NAME:  BDO AG
ORT:  Zürich
LAND:  Schweiz
ZEICHNUNGSBERECHTIGUNG:  ohne Unterschrift
RECHTSFORM:  Aktiengesellschaft
HANDELREGISTEREINTRAG:  30. Dezember 1932
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 3'000'000.00
BEMERKUNGEN:  Zweigniederlassung Epalinges



ANLAGEVERMOEGEN:
IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Rte de Cugy 40, Le Mont-sur-Laus
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF

IMMOBILIENART:  Kein Grundeigentum
OBJEKT:  Rue de Sébeillon 9B, Lausanne
BEWERTUNG:  CHF
HYPOTHEK:  CHF


KAPITAL:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
KAPITAL:  CHF 1'249'270.45
LIBIERUNG:  1'249'270.45 liberiert
 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Prioritätsaktien
ANZAHL:  12'415'567
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01

 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  12'165'297
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  12'257'134
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  62'389'650
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01


 KAPITALGLIEDERUNG:
GLIEDERUNGSART:  Vinkul. Namenaktien
ANZAHL:  25'699'397
STUCKELUNGSBETRAG:  CHF 0.01
KAPITALBEMERKUNG:  12'415'567 actions nominatives A de CHF 0.01, privilégiées
quant au produit de liquidation, 12'165'297 actions nominatives B de CHF 0.01,
privilégiées quant au produit de


KAPITALÄNDERUNG:
KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  5. April 2016
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'248'032.37
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'249'270.45

KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  30. Dezember 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 624'135.87
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 1'248'032.37


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  11. Dezember 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 618'585.25
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 624'135.87


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  21. Mai 2014
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 617'964.69
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 618'585.25


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  14. Mai 2013
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 611'269.06
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 617'964.69


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  16. Oktober 2012
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 506'343.60
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 605'994.69


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  24. August 2011
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 384'690.63
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 506'343.60


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  3. Dezember 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 281'256.62
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 384'690.63


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  9. August 2010
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 268'045.89
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 281'256.62


KAPITALART:  Aktienkapital
GV DATUM:  14. Dezember 2009
ÄNDERUNGSART:  Erhöhung
BETRAG ALTES KAPITAL:  CHF 230'000.00
BETRAG NEUES KAPITAL:  CHF 268'045.89


NAMENSÄNDERUNG:
DATUM:  24. Juli 2009
ALTES DOMIZIL:  House Trip AG
NEUES DOMIZIL:  HouseTrip AG

UPDATE: 5. Februar 2017
